We have twins and we bought both the Fisher-Price Papasan Cradle Swing, Butterfly Garden and the Fisher-Price Cradle 'N Swing, my Little Sweetie... Both swings are adorable, but the quality is not the same. Here are the pros and cons for eachMy Little Sweetie SwingProsMotor doesn't make much noise at all. You can hear it, but it is not loud in any way.The style is very modernThe music and sound options are goodCons-It is bulkier than the Butterfly Garden swing. It is a little taller and the legs reach out farther.-The music stops playing after a 10 min cycle. My babies take longer than 10 minutes to fall asleep often and would start fussing if there wasn't some music playing.-Motor stopped working once so it wouldn't swing anymore. And yes baby was at 14 lbs at the time, way under weight limit. Amazon, as always had great customer service and sent a new one right away.Butterfly Garden swingPros-The lights are adorable. Whichever baby was in this swing was entertained for a while watching the butterfly lights go around and around.-Smaller and took up less space than the My Little Sweetie swing-Music plays for a while before shutting off. I think like 30 mins maybe even moreCons-Motor makes noise. All four that I have had were loud enough to be kind of annoying. It is louder than the My little Sweetie swing and would usually wake up the baby if she was sleeping when I put her in the swing, then started it. My babies are light sleepers though. Maybe this wouldn't be an issue for someone else.-Had 3 of these break. And yes baby was at 14 lbs at the time, way under weight limit. Amazon sent replacements right away each time without any problem. Thank you Amazon.-When I received a replacement the first time, I saw that the "padding" for the seat was cheap and flat. I wouldn't even consider it padding. The same goes for butterflies. They weren't puffy and cute like the first one. I think fisher price is trying to save money or something... Idk. That replacement swing broke, then the next. The 4th still works but the babies have out grown the swings now.-No matter how many different ways I tried to adjust the legs; out further, closer in, up against a wall... The swing would squeak from the metal of the legs rubbing the plastic where they connect to the top of the swing. The babies really loved the butterfly lights though Lol