I purchased this product because I had a problem with engorgement and over-supply the first few weeks after my son was born and was going through nursing pads quickly with feeds, and even then I frequently soaked my shirt (and my child).  It was appealing to catch the extra milk so that I could avoid wasting it and use fewer pads.  I purchased just one and used it on the side opposite from the one I fed my son, just during feeds at night, when my breasts were most leaky. I found it to bulky to wear at other times.Here are the pros -1) It does what it says - catches milk without leaking (although it will spill if you lean forward)2) Heavy duty - holds up to washing, repeated use3) Easy to use- I was able to tuck it into my bra for hands-free use.4) Ability to collect milk instead of have it wasted all over my shirt - I collected as much as 2-3 oz per feed during nightly feeds.5) Easy to cleanHere are the cons -1) Expensive - in retrospect, my over-supply got better after a after about 3 weeks and I feel I could have done without this for the price.2) It encourages release of milk - Now that my over-supply issue is resolving, I now realize that keeping light pressure on the side opposite from that which I nurse prevents leakage of milk, even with let-down.  However if I wear this device the nipple is exposed and more milk leaks out than would have done otherwise.  It is my preference to prevent leakage altogether, as collecting milk with every feed from the opposite breast only leads to more issues with over-supply.3) Collects mostly foremilk.  My infant sufferd from foremilk/hindmilk imbalance.  I was hesitant to give him the milk I was collecting with this product because it was more "watery" than what I got when I pumped larger amounts.5) Collecting milk this way is a hassle - Going to the kitchen to poor the milk into a bag for storage and then rinsing off the product was not very appealing in the middle of the night, when I was most likely to collect milk this way.  After a while, I found it easier to pump once daily to get the milk I needed for when I was away.  As my problem with over-supply resolved, I find I no longer need this product to prevent the mess of milk leaking from my breast, and I no longer needed so many nursing pads either.6) too bulky to wear continuouslyIn summary, this product is more useful early on (before supply matches demand).  Keep in mind that the many ounces of milk you can collect with it might not be leaking out if you were to just apply pressure to the other side during nursing.  You might want to mix this milk with other pumped milk if you have concerns for foremilk/hindmilk imbalance, as it is likely to be more foremilk.  For the price, I recommend getting it early if you are going to get it at all.  I wish I had it for when my oversupply issue was most severe, and would have found it primarily useful to prevent the mess of the leaky breast during feeds.