We owned this car seat for one month.  It does have nice deep side wings and the chest straps are big and broad, so they don't cut into his chest.  However, here are the issues:-It does not have an adjustable crotch strap, so a bigger baby (our son is tall and skinny) probably won't be able to use it forever.  I don't know how a chunky baby would last more than a few months without sitting on the crotch strap-Trying to pull the straps tight was extremely difficult--I thought my wrist was going to break.  I never felt he was actually snug enough but I just couldn't physically pull any harder-As other reviewers stated, the crotch buckles don't always click, so you have to play games trying to make sure they are locked-The strap release is hard to access, making it more difficult to remove himWe then bought The First Years True Fit. Like the Boulevard, it was huge and bulky. When fully tightened in the rear-facing position using the LATCH system, both could be grasped by their bases from the front seat and pulled forward, pushing baby's head into the back seat. The same could be done by just pushing on the backs of these carseats (in the rear-facing position), so baby's face would slam into the back seat in a head-on collision!Finally we went with the Sunshine Radian and what a difference! It has a detachable base which, when installed in the rear-facing position, fully fills in the gap between the carseat and seat back. No bulky towels that shift, no water noodles that get squished down. And a SNUG FIT! Additionally, there is a very easy floor tether that secures this carseat further, even in the rear-facing position (The First Years True Fit offers no such tether, and Britax's rear-facing tether is strung over baby's head!) and even if your car doesn't come manufactured with a specific tether point!The mesh fabric stays dry and cool even on the hottest days, there's plenty of leg room even in the rear-facing position, and this whole seat fits (albeit snuggly) in the backseat of my 2004 Saturn LW300 (a very small backseat!). Also, there's a little card pouch to fill out with your child's medical information in case of an accident so emergency personel can immediately treat your child!