I came on Amazon looking to buy a comfortable baby carrier with a hip strap, that allowed my son to face out (I know its been said its bad for the baby's hips, but that's the only way he'll tolerate being worn). I also have the Ergo baby Ergo Baby Carrier Galaxy Grey, which makes my son feel almost weightless, but he can only face in or ride on my back or hip, which I couldn't use yet (he's only 5 months old). I had the Baby Bjorn original, but once my son was around 15lbs it absolutely killed my back.I read so many 5 star reviews on here, that I took a chance and bought this carrier, although it was pricy. And I have to say, I'm really disappointed. So many reviews on here claimed that they felt no back pain, and that none of the baby's weight was on their shoulders - that was untrue for me. While the pain and pressure of his weight WAS also distributed to my hips, I still felt it in my back and shoulders when he was facing out. When I wore him facing in, it felt a LOT better. Wearing him either way still wasn't as comfortable as the Ergo, though. Also the Comfort Carrier is EXTREMELY bulky, and would never fit in a diaper bag and is really hard to stuff into a stroller's storage basket (it takes up the WHOLE thing in our Chicco Cortina). There are some positives though. A list:PROS:-organic material, feels nice and sturdy and is easy to clean-helps keep weight off your shoulders-easy to adjust straps and you can put on by yourself-ability to face your baby towards you or facing the world-nicely padded strapsCONS:-does NOT completely take weight off your shoulders, like the Ergo-doesn't have a sleeping hood, like the Ergo-doesn't have a storage pocket, like the Ergo (something I never thought I'd use, but actually ended up using all the time)-EXTREMELY bulky and difficult to travel with and store-in order for your baby to face out, you have to unzip a section on the front of the carrier and have this huge flap of material just hanging down. it looks really odd and is irritatingOverall, I probably would NOT buy this carrier again, and would like to try another carrier for my son to face out, like the Beco Gemini. If you want to carry your baby facing in or on your back, hands down the Ergo is the best option.