I usually try to steer clear of products that contain chemicals, so I should've gone with my first instincts and passed on the pottyPod when I read that it contains an "antimicrobial additive."  Although antimicrobial substances are usually added to products with the best of intentions (e.g., to kill germs and prevent odors), most of them are chemicals with very questionable toxicity and side-effects.  When I first researched the pottyPOD, I actually called the manufacturer's Customer Service line to ask what kind of plastic the soft seat is made of, and what type of antimicrobial agent is in it.  The rep was happy to inform me that the soft part of the potty seat is made of high-density polyurethane foam, but she was tight-lipped about the antimicrobial additive, stating that that info was "proprietary."  By that point, I'd already ordered the pottyPod, but I should've cancelled the order after my conversation with Prince Lionheart Customer Service.  Instead, I decided to wait and check out the actual item "in person" before deciding whether to keep it or not.As it turned out, that was not the wisest decision on my part!  As soon as I opened the box in which the pottyPOD was packed, my nose was immediately assaulted by a strong chemical smell.  It was coming from the soft part of the potty seat.  I couldn't tell whether the source of the fumes was the polyurethane foam itself, or the anti-microbial additive, but either way, I was past the point of caring.  Nothing that smelled that bad was ever getting near my preschooler's bare bum!  In addition, the so-called soft, comfortable seat is actually not that cushy.  It looks and feels almost like a gel seat made out of extremely compressed foam, which is only about 1/4-inch thick.  Honestly, I can't see it doing much to ease the discomfort if your little-one needs to sit on the potty for more than a couple of minutes.  The pottyPod is definitely being returned.  (The only reason this potty got 2 stars instead of 1 was that it's height-adjustable, which makes it good for taller/older toddlers and preschoolers).Grade: D