I have been using this Bob Dualie handlebar console for about a year and a half. While it has withstood the test of time, I really don't like it. In fact, every time I use it, I think about how terrible the design is. I use my stroller nearly every day, so it's taken me awhile to finally review it.While the quality of the materials is good, the design is horrible. Here's why:1. The pockets are way too deep. I really need to dig in there for my drinks. If I have a short cup, like a sippy cup for a child, I need to put a tennis ball at the bottom of the pocket to raise the cup so that I can reach it. They cup holders could be two inches shorter easily.2. There is one small zipper pocket. The single BOB handlebar console has the same size pocket. Now that I have two kids, I have double the amount of things I need to take--from sippy cups, to pacifiers, snacks, toys...you name it. So why not give me a bigger pocket or even two pockets?3. The hand break has a thick wire that connects to the front of the stroller from the handlebar. That wire cuts right across the zipper console. So it bunches the pocket up and means that I have to struggle to push things into the little pocket. The design there is bad...if there were two pockets spread out, the wire could go between them instead of cutting one off.4. The handbrake is hard to reach because the console comes up so high. If I'm in a hurry to stop, it's tough to get to the handbrake and that can be a little dangerous. I'd love for the handlebar console to maybe ride lower on the bar so I could at least get to the handbrake safely.5. Even though the console has lasted for 18 months, it really seems like it's going to rip at any moment. The Velcro attachment points are stretched so tightly. For a console that was custom-made for this handlebar by the company that made the console, you'd think the fit would be seamless. It's not--you really have to struggle to get the Velcro loop on tightly.I covered these issues in my video review. Check it out--I hope it's helpful as you decide while handlebar console to buy!