I obsessively poured over the Amazon.com reviews for video baby monitors before finally deciding on the Mobi.  I purchased the monitor in June, 2010 and initially my complaints were:1. The audio quality is poor.  My original monitor was audio only, the Sony 900 MHz BabyCall Nursery Monitor, and I could hear my son breathing.  I certainly can hear when he's crying on this monitor but that's about it.2. The camera is difficult to position to get a good angle into the crib.  We prop it on something to tilt it downward towards the crib.  Oh well.3.  Interference with wireless internet in the home but I realize this is a universal problem with the digital video monitors.  The room below his nursery is a complete internet dead-zone, we simply cannot use our laptops in there.4.  It would be nice if the camera would zoom in and out but that wasn't a deal breaker.5.  A very bright blue light at the bottom of the camera would entrance my son.  I finally just put a washcloth in front of it and the problem was fixed.6.  Everytime the power goes out you have to turn the camera power back on.  I usually discovered this had happened after I'd already put him down and then tried to turn the monitor on.  I'd have to wait until I thought he was asleep so I could sneak in and turn the camera on.Last week, however, the monitor began showing a just an outline of objects in the crib, and the surrounding area is lit up in an electric green color.  For the first few days I could give it a good thump on the side or bottom and it would show the correct image for a few minutes.  That no longer works.  I cannot make out my child in the crib so I'm essentially using it as an audio monitor until I get the issue straightened out with the company.  I contacted them with my problem and was told that typically their warrenties are only 90 days (really?) but that they would have a technician look at my unit.  If he/she could not repair it, I would be sent a replacement unit.  These are my questions:1.  What am I supposed to do without a monitor in the meantime?2.  As I've read several other reviews which site this exact problem, has the company fixed the issue in the replacement unit they would be sending me?  I really don't want to go through this in another 6 months.  I was looking forward to simply purchasing a second camera when baby number 2 arrives this spring.  I would hate to not have a functioning monitor for either baby should the problem occur again.I have written the company back and expressed my concern about being without a monitor while we ship the unit back and forth to each other.  I'm hanging onto my now audio-only monitor until I get an answer.  The sad thing is, if you read through the reviews for other video monitors...they aren't much better.  Even though I'm tempted to just buy a different monitor altogether, I'm not sure I'd be much happier with what's out there.