After reading through the reviews on the Ergo doll carrier & the Boba Mini doll carrier I decided to go with the Boba.  I thought it may be more adjustable for a better fit than the Ergo doll on my recently turned 7 YO (tall & skinny - about the height of an average 8-10 YO) & I was right.  Out of the box we LOVED the carrier.. it is EXACTLY like my actual human baby Boba 3G, which I also love.That said, we have very tall kids and I was wondering if the Ergo doll carrier might be a better fit for my older DD (easily the size of a 12-14 YO at around 5 feet tall, though a few years younger), so I purchased the Ergo doll carrier for her.  Well I was VERY disappointed that the Ergo doll carrier is a poorly designed doll carrier.  It's super cute, and of great quality materials (like the Ergo for humans), & even has the "infant insert" sewn into it to hold smaller dolls in place better, but the shoulder fit is horrible.I give it two stars for the cute factor & quality... if it wasn't so cute & made so well with the quality (again, NOT the shoulder design, but overall quality of the workmanship), I'd give it one star.The shoulder straps on the Ergo Doll fit my 10 YO but there wasn't any room for growth in the waist strap, so I asked my younger DD if she'd like to trade my ODD the Boba Mini for the Ergo Doll carrier & she said she would because she also liked that carrier.  However, when I tried the Ergo Doll carrier on my younger DD the shoulder straps literally fell off the sides of her shoulders (which other reviewers mentioned, but I thought maybe it could possibly be user error, but it isn't), unlike the Boba Mini which is fully adjustable for a custom fit.  That said, I packed up the Ergo Doll carrier to send back to Amazon & ordered another black Boba Mini for my ODD which should be here soon :).For fun we tried the Boba Mini on a very tall 13 MO (at least the size of an 18 MO but probably more like a 2+ YO... he isn't a ton shorter than older brother who is 2 years older) & it was soooooooo stinken cute & fit him extremely well too.  So in the future I think we'll be ordering another one of these for him if he takes to babywearing his babies like Mama wears him.  The Ergo doll carrier doesn't fit any little child without having to constantly fumble with the straps to keep them on the child's shoulders, which is not only frustrating but a hassle.  Babywearing should be fun & comfy, even if the "baby" is a doll ;).Also, in the Boba Mini there was room to make it even smaller to fit a smaller toddler/baby & there's room to grow in it for my very tall 10 YO too (in the waist straps as well as the other straps too... and she's the size of a small woman).  The Ergo Doll carrier is best for a much larger child with broader shoulders so the straps stay put, not a toddler, preschooler, or other small child.If you are trying to decide between the Boba Mini & the Ergo Doll and want a product that will fit the best for the long run, save the disappointment & go for the Boba Mini.  I made the mistake, so let my mistake save you the time & hassle of having to return the poorly designed Ergo Doll carrier.Sorry Ergo, this one needs to go back to the drawing board to redesign the shoulder straps (that comes from an Ergo owner & experienced babywearer).  If you would just make the shoulder chest clip adjustable so it could slide up & down to provide a better fit & also make the straps longer, you'd also have a homerun like the Boba Mini.