I own several BRITAX car seats and am faithful to the brand, because of overall quality. I have been more than satisfied with everything I have ever purchased from them.Except this.The grey recline lever DOES NOT WORK to decrease the amount of recline (i.e. level it back out).My husband was checking it out when we first got the car seat (and the second base for his car), and opened the base recline all the way (full recline).  The grey lever would NOT work to adjust the base recline back to none.  He had to press on the two black plastic "tabs" on either side of it- really hard- in order to get the base un-reclined.  He was also unable to completely level it out as it was when it first came out of the box because once it is un reclined to a certain point you cannot push on the sides of the grey lever anymore as there is no more room.  This is an issue for my car because the seats are very flat and I need the bases to be totally un reclined.We read the instructions multiple times, and even watched their online video (from their website) on how to work this feature.I decided to try it out with the spare base we got and the SAME thing happened.So today I called their customer service line (which they are great there, they try their best to be really helpful, and you get to talk to someone here in the USA without all those crazy automated menus first).  The first thing the representative said was- "it does not work like it seems in the video".  Which makes me wonder why they would bother making it look so easy on their instructional video if it's nothing like that in real life.  She was trying to operate one that she had at her desk, and said the same thing we had already learned- that this grey lever DOES NOT work to un recline the base, and that you need to press hard on the black plastic on either side of it.  I jammed my thumbs up in it trying to do this- which makes me feel like a real idiot, and I'm really not- but it's practically unavoidable!! And she said that where I have it is in fact as low (un-reclined) as it goes.  She even admitted to me that she was struggling with the recline adjuster.  I checked the video again, and her statement about it being as low as it goes is FALSE.  It is still reclined at least 1 inch (enough to make the level indicator non compliant), even though the video shows it going all the way down.  I can't believe how much I HATE this product!!  Their customer service representatives even struggle with it!C'mon, Britax...  You can do better.