This bag would be a 5-star if it was just a tad taller and wider. As it is, however, it makes me curse every time I use it. Every time we go on a trip, I consider just renting car seats from the rental car agency because I hate wrestling with the $%@# car seat bags.I pack two car seats when we travel - a Britax Marathon and a First Years True Fit - two fairly common car seats, neither an outlier for size.The Marathon just barely fits; it is nearly too tall. You have to make sure you put the base of the car seat in first, then ease the edges of the bag up and around the top. If you care about your fingernails, outsource the job! It takes me about 2 minutes to get the Marathon into the bag and fully zipped up. Only minimal sweating here. If you're only going to put a Marathon in this bag, it might be worth it.The True Fit takes about 5-8 minutes to squeeze, push, pray, curse, and generally manhandle into the bag. By the end, I give up trying to get the bag fully zipped. The True Fit is nearly too wide for this bag and when the headrest is attached, much too tall. You will have to remove the headrest and place it in the seat, which adds to the width (thus making it too difficult to zip entirely). Even without packing the headrest, you have to turn the whole package on its side and put your knee on the side of the car seat, effectively squeezing the "wings" of car seat body, in order to get the zipper even halfway zipped. I can't imagine this is good for the car seat's structural integrity!The Rover bag says it fits car seats up to 31"Hx20"Wx19"D. Definitely check your car seat's measurements before you buy, and make sure you can get a free return if the seat doesn't fit the bag. Believe me, there is nothing more frustrating than trying to corral two small children, curbside at the airport, while you spend 10 sweaty minutes stuffing their seats into ill-fitting bags!I will say this: They seem to be quite durable. Ours have been on several flights and are holding up just fine. The zippers have withstood my yanking and stretching, and the wheels are still rolling smoothly. If it fits your car seat, this is a good buy.