UPDATE: After many months of scraping my floors with this "wheeled" high chair, I give up! I am buying a high chair that has bigger wheels. The wheels on this thing are just too cheap, they stopped moving some time ago and just scrape. It's lightweight enough that it's not a problem to move, even 8 months pregnant with a toddler in it, but I hate the sound and feel of it scraping my floors. Additionally, we took the fabric backing off many months ago, and it is not terrible to clean it without it, but it's not really meant to be without the fabric. The high chair we are buying to replace it has no fabric at all. As a busy mom, I highly recommend getting a high chair that moves easily (with brakes) and that is super easy to clean because you will use it 2-3 times a day, EVERY day. These little problems get on your nerves after a while.Original review: I have been using this high chair for about six months now, after switching from a premium wooden high chair that was much pricier. The reasons I switched and still continue to prefer this high chair to the luxury chair:1. WHEELS. I believe life is easier when your high chair has wheels, especially if you wish to minimize damage to delicate floors.2. Easy to clean tray. There are actually two trays here (one on top of the other), and you snap off one to put it in the dishwasher, so you can use the bottom tray if the top isn't clean.3. The ability to divide up this chair into two different seats at the same time. We currently have it set up to be a rolling booster for our breakfast bar area, and the chair booster is strapped to a dining room chair for dinner time. There is no daily switching out.The only cons I can mention are small annoyances you will encounter with other chairs too:1. The seat of the main high chair is fabric, and removing it just looks weird. However once you graduate to the booster options, there is no fabric to deal with.2. Food gets stuck in the cracks.3. The wheels do not glide seamlessly, but they work okay. They are plastic, but honestly any wheels are better than none!