After reading through the reviews for this product I decided to purchase the stroller for my growing family. However, after the stroller arrived I was a little surprised by the quality, and I felt that the comments didn't tell the whole story. Below are our pro's and con's with the stroller.PROSIt's affordable. We had a difficult time finding any other stroller that was compatible with chicco car seats that was within our budget.Its compact. It was the smallest stroller we could find in its class, and when folded, it easily fits into your trunk/closet.It's lightweight. Compared to other strollers this was significantly easier for my wife to carry.The stand on board function - our toddler loves it (although if you use a car seat you lose this ability - car seat has to be in the back)Very good size for tall parents. I'm 6'4'' and this stroller is very easy for me to push.CONSFront seat is terribly uncomfortable. The front seat cannot be reclined if you use the back for a car seat, so the toddler in the front is practically leaning forward sitting back against the seat. There is also a thick bar behind the seat (across the child's shoulders/neck area), and due to the complete lack of padding/support you can absolutely feel the bar when sitting in the chair.The plastic wheels. This is our fourth stroller, and the first with 100% plastic wheels - they look like they belong on a toy. I'm concerned about the longevity of the wheels; the stroller clearly isn't made to be taken on anything but the smoothest surfaces.As other users have mentioned, it takes 3 to 4 steps to fold the stroller (collapse the front seat, turn the handles that hold the car seat in place, ensure the wheels are forward facing, and fold). Once folded, the stroller doesn't stand up on its own.Most importantly, it does not completely secure a chicco car seat. The product/users have mentioned that it's compatible with a chicco car seat, but it doesn't come with the locking mechanism that I am accustomed to with chicco products. Instead, there is just a red strap that you put over the car seat. I personally found that the strap didn't do much more to secure the car seat. If you push down on the front of the car seat, the car seat lifts up out of its position - despite the red "security" strap.It's a really affordable double stroller, with some low quality parts and features.