We have seven pairs of these now for my potty-training not-quite-2-year-old.  We initially bought one each of the 2T and 3T, then we bought 6 more pairs of the 3T size (we bought those from another site which was cheaper).  He's tall and skinny, about 35 inches and 28 pounds.  The 2T actually fits him better, but the 3T is much easier for him to pull up and down on his own.Pros:1.  Side snaps.  If there's a big mess, it makes it much easier to clean up.  Even if he's just wet, I don't have to take off pants and shoes to change him into a dry pair.2.  The built-in microfiber is, at least for my kid, absorbant enough for one really good pee.3.  Theoretically, you can stuff them for extra absorbancy when you need it.  This is actually possible on the 3T size, although still much more difficult than with a real pocket diaper.4.  The cute flannel lining feels wet, unlike the fleece linings of his regular cloth pocket diapers.Cons:1.  One of our snaps has popped off after not really all that much use.  The trainer can still be used, but that's very annoying.2.  If you leave your child with anyone else, someone WILL put the pants on inside out, and it will be messy.  Yes, I get it that you're supposed to tell your kid not to poop on the dinosaurs/bubbles/animals/whatever.  That's a neat idea.  For some kids, it probably helps, although mine doesn't care.  However, it is also totally counterintuitive and opposite from every other diaper and article of children's clothing in the universe.  Therefore, if you don't remember to tell them, even though it's actually much harder to snap them that way, SOMEONE will put them on inside out.  Both my mom and the day care have done this now.3.  The pocket is a pain to stuff, and virtually impossible on the 2T size, unless you have a teeny tiny hand.  If your child has an older sibling, maybe preschool or kindergarten age, they'd probably be perfect at stuffing these.  This was very frustrating in the earliest intro-to-potty stages, but now that he's getting better, the built in absorbancy is really enough.  We just don't use them for naps or at night.  I could put up with it and stuff them if he started really protesting diapers then, though.Hope all that helps.  Also, I found it hard to find online what linings go with what colors.  I don't know if some colors come with different lining options, but here's what we ended up with:  Butter--dark blue elephants and hippos and things.  Spring green--pandas, giraffes and lions.  Gold--pink and gold swirly owls and flowers.  Baby blue--dots.  White--white flannel with circus animals.  Brown (we have two of these)--dinosaurs.Good luck!