I really wanted to like this monitor because it was a nice looking digital monitor for a great price. But, I guess you get what you pay for. I was compelled to leave a review because I had little help when purchasing this monitor (I had to find another review website) but the features in the description seemed to be what I needed.PROS:Digital: I was having problems with my previous analog monitor (Summer) interfering with other monitors and viewing other peoples children. Although I did not own it long, I didn't have that problem with this one.Attractive: Lightweight parent unit and attractive. A good sized screen and a neutral color.Volume: Very quiet monitor (unless there is noise in the room) which is great when you need it to be quiet or are sleeping.Talk Function: There is a two-way talk function on this monitor- and I don't know of many baby monitors that have this feature. You press the talk button to speak, and release it to hear your child (if they are talking age of course). Good feature and would be very useful for monitoring older children.VOX (Voice Activation): This is a nice feature that allows you to adjust the sound sensitivity. If there is background noise (like tv), you can opt to tune that out and only hear noise when a voice makes a noise.CONS:Lightweight monitor. I want the parent unit to be lightweight (easy carrying) but not the monitor. Unless you have it on a dresser at about 4' high, the cord weighed down the camera and it would not stay upright by itself. I had to use a small snow globe to weigh it down. So, unless you plan to mount your camera, this could be a problem.Night vision: For a digital camera, the night vision on this unit was suspect at best. I had it positioned directly in front of my daughter's bed no more than 6' away and it was very grainy. There is an option to adjust the brightness but that did not help. Up close though, it was crystal clear. So again, unless you are mounting above the crib/bed, this will be an issue.Video: There didn't seem to be a way to turn off the video and just monitor the audio. I wasn't sure if I was missing something, but it wasn't in the manual either.Battery Life: The battery seemed to run out VERY quickly (within 1-2 hours) - maybe this had something to do with the fact that the video can't be turned off?SUMMARY:In search of a digital monitor, the price was right, but the features did not hold up. I ended up getting the Summer Infant Best View Handheld Color Video Monitor with 2.5" Screen and it is the best one we have had. It is a little more pricy, but it is definitely worth it. It has most of my pros (except talk function and VOX) and solved the problems of ALL of my cons.