There aren't a lot of reviews around for this product so we were a little hesitant spending so much money on something like this when we already had a Fisher Price swing. But so far it's working well. We leave the swing downstairs or take us with us on vacations, but this Mamaroo stays upstairs near our bed. It's very handy for times when the little guy is fussy and wants to be rocked but we need to do something else (laundry, shower, etc.). We wrap him tightly and place him in the Mamaroo with a little music coming from our attached ipod. Most of the time he is pretty content for about 30 minutes or so. He does seem to sleep longer in the cheaper swing downstairs, but that might be because of the times that we are using one vs the other.We purchased it at a local retail store because we had store credit and coupons (hint: get 20% coupon for signing up for their mailing list). We got the Blue Plush color and it looks pretty nice.The only con, although not necessarily a real con, is that when our baby is bundled in a blanket and we place him higher up in the swing, he tends to slink down and wakes himself up because he is uncomfortable. You just have to play with the settings of how far back or how flat the swing part is setting and then he doesn't move as much.If you have a baby that sleeps well in a moving car or in your bouncing/rocking arms, he will probably like this product.UPDATE: 11/30/2012After a few months of average use (maybe 1-2 hours each day), we are hearing some strange sounds occasionally. Like a clicking of the motor when it's on a car ride cycle. We are considering taking it back and getting a replacement because we like the product. But when the clicking gets loud, our baby wakes up thus defeating the purpose of the gentle, sleep-inducing motion.UPDATE: 8/10/2014After my sister-in-law pointed out that I gave this product a 4.5 star rating, I have revised to a 3-star (I would do 2.5 if Amazon allowed it). After my last review, we did indeed return the Mamaroo (hint... big-box stores have generous coupon policies as mentioned above and even more generous return policies). It was great while it lasted, but when you're a sleep deprived parent, if something wakes up your sleeping baby, you tend to grow a general distaste for that thing. So the Mamaroo was placed back in the box and returned to the store. 3 clicks and you're out!!