Is this better than the standard cargo pod? Absolutely. But it is quite small. Here is why I got the basket: I have a diaper bag that I love, and whenever I was not using my stroller it was my bag of choice. However, I thought it was silly to mess with a diaper bag when I was going to have my stroller with me since it had a built in bag; so, for the past several months I had been keeping 2 diaper bags: my one of choice and my orbit one. The orbit one just doesn't have the look of something that I want to carry as my primary diaper bag. This became tedious, so I decided to buy the basket so that my diaper bag (and other things) could fit. I have a fairly small diaper bag (I use a Vera Bradley messenger bag)-- definitely the smallest diaper bag of all of my friends, much smaller than the SkipHop and JJCole bags. I have to CRAM this thing in there, with quite a bit of effort. I can't easily pull it out, I actually have to bend over and mess with it quite a bit to get it in or out. If you have one of the larger bags, such as a PPB or something, just forget about it. I wish they could have found some way to make it more spacious.I've also had the same problem as another reviewer: even though I haven't carried anything even remotely heavy in it (only my diaper bag and a bottle of water), my stroller has started squeaking since I began using it. I'm really hoping it didn't pull something out of alignment!It was really easy to set up, and I do love that I don't have to detach it to fold up the stroller, but having to wrestle my diaper bag out of the silly thing does make it take a lot longer to get it in the car! I really regret buying it, actually, but by the time I realized how much I didn't like it I had used it several times and it had some marks from folding up my stroller. Because yes, although you can leave it attached, this will cause it to get some scuffs/tire dirt on it.I also wish that they had the back of the bag attach the same way the front does with the little inserts in the stroller frame. The way the back works is that there are these black metal bar things that stick out and catch against the stroller legs to keep it in place (you can see them sticking out on the picture displayed for the product). I think it looks really cheap.