I was so excited to get this changing table, because it looked so beautiful online and it coordinated with the Delta Canton Cribs we purchased for our twin daughters.  When it arrived, I was thrilled that the changing table matched well (though admittedly, the wood is *slightly* brighter than that of the cribs, despite them all being ordered in Espresso; it's only really noticeable if you're really looking, so it's not that much of an issue).  My biggest issue was that although the changing table is extremely beautiful (seriously, it is so beautiful), it arrived with some pretty noticeable damage on one side.  My husband wants to take photos and send them to the manufacturer in hopes of getting replacement parts, since sending it back would be a gigantic pain, but we'll see how that goes.  The damage is very obvious and not just some scratches, but broken/crunched wood on one side, which is so terribly disappointing.  In addition, putting it together was a HUGE pain.  A friend of ours was kind enough to put it together since I'm on bedrest and my husband was busy with work, and it took him 3+ hours (it took him longer than when he put together BOTH cribs).  The instructions seemed confusing and a little frustrating, but he did manage to get it all together, and aside from the damage, it really is quite lovely.  All of that said, it does seem like a nice, durable piece of furniture, particularly the top where you would rest the baby to change them; I'm really not concerned about it collapsing or it not holding the weight, so it does seem better than a lot of the cheaper models we looked at.  Also the amount of storage space is nice, and I'm thrilled to have drawers and a cabinet.  I had a changing table with uncovered shelves when I had my older daughter, and once she was mobile she got into everything and it was a huge pain.  So, I'm looking forward to having things out of sight and a little harder to access, especially once we put a child-proof latch on the cabinet door.  So, all-in-all, it really is a beautiful piece of furniture, but the damage and huge pain getting it together was frustrating and disappointing.  However, all that said, I do think it's still a good value for its price.