I am a pediatrician and a working mom who has pumped for both my children--the first with a Pump In Style Advanced and the second with a Freestyle.  I work in a nursery and have also used several different hospital-grade pumps as well.  If you are trying to decide between a Pump In Style and a Freestyle, this review is for you.My first child was born in 2008 right before Freestyle was released, so I bought a Medela Pump In Style Advanced instead.  In my experience, although the suction was not quite the same as a hospital-grade pump (and I have access to many of them at my workplace), it was more than adequate and I pumped successfully for 12 months with the Pump In Style Advanced.  However, I found it limiting to be attached to an outlet all the time, and the Pump In Style Advanced was not ideal for traveling.When my second child was born in 2010, I did not hesitate to spring for a Freestyle, even though my Pump In Style Advanced was still in excellent condition.  I've since used the Freestyle for 13 months (pumping 5-6 times a day), and here are my thoughts:Pros:1)  Extremely portable.  I've taken the Freestyle on three extended business trips and I've pumped in the car, bathroom stalls, airplane bathrooms, random closets...you name it, I've probably pumped there.  If the lactation rooms are busy at work, I can just find someplace private, put on a Hooter Hider if necessary, and pump when I need to.2)  Cordless.  Although I don't use the ridiculously complicated hands-free set-up, I do enjoy being able to sit down anywhere in my house or at work and pump without being attached to the wall.  I have friends who have done housework while pumping with the Freestyle; I'm just not that ambitious.3)  Small.  I can just pack my pump and pump parts in my regular work bag or a small shopping bag.  I leave the large black vinyl bag at home.Cons:1)  Suction is not as strong as the Pump In Style.  I own both, I've compared them, and I find this to be true.  I use both on the maximum pump settings, I use hard plastic flanges with both (I didn't like the softcup flanges that came with the Freestyle), and the suction is weaker on the Freestyle.  I've always had a great milk supply, so this was not a deal-breaker for me, but I have had more problems with plugged ducts since using the Freestyle, and I think this is from inadequate emptying of the breasts.  I also have to pump longer with the Freestyle (about 15 minutes compared to <10 minutes with the Pump In Style).2)  Battery problems.  When my battery is down to one bar, the Freestyle loses suction even further, so I charge it every 3 or 4 days.  When I accidentally run my battery down all the way, the Freestyle flashes a battery error message and takes over 24 hours to fully recharge.  I can, however, continue to pump while it is plugged into an outlet.If I had to do it over again, would I still buy the Freestyle?  I'm not sure...I love it for its convenience, but overall I feel that the Pump In Style Advanced is a more consistent pump.  If you end up getting a Freestyle, don't give away (or sell) your Pump In Style just yet!