I have a 2 month old, 12 pound baby who is very high-need...must be carried most of her awake hours.  This is my second child so I was looking for a product that would allow me to have both arms free when needed.  I have chronic neck & shoulder tightness & have used 4 different carriers with my 2 kiddos: had the Original BabyBjorn as a hand-me-down and it always hurt my shoulderblades.  I also have a hand-me-down Ergo Carrier which is wonderful, but best for bigger babies (whose legs can comfortably straddle your torso) & it doesn't allow a baby of any age to face outward.  I have a ring sling which is great for newborns but hurt my shoulders after 10 pounds.  AND I have used a Moby-style wrap but it is a lot of fabric to tie, is uncomfortable for my baby to face out-puts pressure on her groin, & is very warm to wear in the summer!I didn't want to spend over $100 on a new carrier and was impressed with the price & reviews of the Infantino carrier.  Unfortunately this carrier was a HUGE disappointment.  The 'mesh' fabric is extremely scratchy as another reviewer noted-but it is not just where baby's face rests, the webbing continues down the inside of the carrier and the inside of the shoulder straps, causing uncomfortable friction on both of us (even after attempting to cover our exposed skin).  Also, the buckles are cheaply made & are difficult to unlatch.  I actually bent my thumbnail back & caused it to bleed on my third try pushing open the buckle on the lumbar support strap-it's that difficult!There are many "loose ends" of dangling straps...the picture on Amazon & the box has conveniently edited those out to make it look more streamlined than reality.  I felt like I was wearing 15 seatbelts.  It is extremely difficult to adjust-the cinching system requires 2 hands, unlike Ergo & Bjorn, & there is no way my hubby & I would share this product like I'd hoped-it took me a good 10 minutes to get it snug on me; never got it to feel comfortable though!  The "lumbar support" strap is useless-I actually unbuckled it to test while wearing baby and felt no difference: ALL the pressure rests on the top of your shoulders.  Finally, there is no 'height' adjustment for the baby's enclosure-it rides low on your torso and that's the only option.If you are looking for a carrier that allows you to face baby in or out, I would try the Bjorn Active.  Several of my friends own it and are pleased with it.  I hoped not to spend that much money but now I see it's worth it, especially when you consider the long-term damage to your body that a poorly designed carrier can cause (hello, chiropractic bills).  If price is the main factor, check your local consignment stores etc...Bjorn & Ergo hold up well after years of use!  Good luck and happy babywearing!