We spent a lot of time researching what to buy to replace our Summer Infant Baby Touch, but I was sorely disappointed.  I big feature I was looking forward to was being able to view 4 monitors at once.  The catch is while you can "see" all 4 monitors, you hear nothing.  Not one room, not a scan between the rooms chosen, which is not particularly helpful unless I'm sitting down just watching - the audio is typically what signals me to check out the video.  The video quality is also incredibly poor, there is a very noticeable 'lag' between what you are hearing and what you are seeing.  It reminded me of gas stations video feeds you see on the news.  The only time the video quality improved was on the mode to view all 4 cameras at once, but then again, in that mode you have no audio.This unit also has a feature whereby the video will automatically display if there is something audible going on (you can set this sensitivity), however, this unit does NOT have the ability to shut off the video.  It turns off on it's own timeout system, which I believe was a few minutes.  I much prefer where I can turn the video feed on and off with it's own dedicated button, as I found this system to turn on the video feed frequently (and I had the sensitivity low) and stay lit for far longer than necessary, especially if it was just a child coughing in their sleep.Additionally, this was also promoted on nearly all sites as a Pan/Tilt camera.  It does NOT remotely pan/tilt by control of the main monitor.  Any panning or tilting needed to adjust your view will have to be done manually, so if you have busy kids that may not stay within your viewing area, (like most kids.  The cord from the camera was also quite short, definitely too short for us to mount this high on the wall or on the ceiling, the power cord wouldn't reach an outlet.We were so disappointed in the basic functioning, I didn't even waste the energy to test the skype functionality.  Long story short, this video monitor didn't even compete with the Summer Infant Baby Touch we had.  We since went back to Summer Infant and just got a newer model, the Baby Touch Boost and are much happier with a quality video monitor that allows us to keep an eye and an ear our kids, wherever they may be in the house, and also get a good night's sleep.