Thinking the research I'd done was adequate, I went ahead and purchased this crib in '14. It was fairly easy for me to assemble by myself in about 5 hours.The color I chose was chestnut, its exactly what I had expected. The only complaints I have about the finish are that it is made from a fairly soft wood so it dents and scratches easily-considering its designed for small people that WILL bang on it, scratch it & possibly chew on it. I may be able to sand and re-finish it one of these years.Adjusting the height of the mattress from the time she was newborn until I dropped it down to the bottom to convert into the toddler bed was no major problems, other than the fact that there were not enough screws. My husband was able to find them at the Home Depot, but only in a pack of like 100. So we have plenty.My now 2.5 yo didn't use the crib as often as I would've liked but she jumped on it, and did all the normal things babies & toddlers do. Her sister who is 9 years her senior also had an impact on the wear and tear but it seems to be in sturdy and sound enough condition that I can proceed with converting it once again into the full sized bed. This is proving to be more complicated as the 'conversion kit' for that is sold separately, costs $80, and doesn't even come with the slats to support the mattress. It only includes the the 2 side rails & screws. From reading MANY reviews I gather its designed to have a box spring fit into the side rails. We don't like the look of box springs, or the additional unnecessary cost, not to mention the box spring will make it sit too high off the floor for a small child. It seems many others have had success making their own slats, so I'll definitely give that a shot before I just buy a whole new bed.Just make sure to keep in mind, you will need additional parts in order to take advantage of the 4-in-1 features of this bed, and if you need additional pictures to get an idea of how these conversions end up looking like, a Google image search will yield more results than the company site.