I purchased this product based off of a recommendation of the Happy Flute brand by a friend who has a child with chunky legs similar to my DDs. I am new to cloth diapering and was ecstatic about the price. I did note the reviews from individuals commenting on the lack of an additional leg snap, but i figured that my DDs thicker thighs would eliminate this issue. I unfortunately did not notice that other Happy Flute diapers do in fact have the additional leg button, and that my friend had purchased those.  I rated these diapers at three stars for a few reasons.1. Half stars aren't possible. My actual review would put these at about a 2.5, I rounded up because I am actually satisfied with my purchase. The lack of an additional leg button is a really big deal. Even on my chunky baby there were large gaps even on the tightest waist setting. They may work just fine on older children, but I absolutely would not recommend these diapers to someone just starting out and diapering a newborn they simply will not fit the way you need them to. I was able to get around this fact with the help of the Babyville Boutique Snap Pliers and some snaps I had already purchased when considering making my own diapers. These have worked wonders. It is incredibly easy to add addition snaps to the diapers which eliminates the main issue of not fitting my child as well. With the additional snaps, I'm very happy with my purchase and I'm very happy to have supplemented my cloth diapering stash with such an affordable diaper.2. The inserts sent along with this product are not fantastic. My DD is 7 weeks old and has had a few leaks due to heavy wetting already. I already have to stuff these diapers with both inserts sent with each diaper to keep her from leaking through within an hour or two. The product does send two inserts per diaper, but if I'm already using both I'm concerned about what the situation will be when she's older and really wetting her diapers. I do feel as though I'll have to supplement with better inserts in the future.3. I love the designs. These are by far the cutest diapers I have in my stash for such a good price range.I look forward to the continued use of these diapers and will update my review if necessary after a few months.Update: My original review was how I liked the diapers while my daughter was only 7 weeks old. Now that she's nearly 5 months old there are some updates to my previous review that I would like to address. I mentioned in my first review that I would actually rank them a 2.5 stars and rounded up to a three. I'm keeping my rating three stars, but feel as though they fully deserve all three stars.As previously stated the inserts sent with the diapers are not that great, but then again most microfiber inserts are great to absorb quickly but awful at maintaining the liquid. Double stuffing frequently led to compression leaks, and therefore was not optimal. The additional stuffing also made it that much harder to fit my daughter into several of her outfits. I've switched over to using some bamboo inserts and have significantly more success containing leaks. These are still not my diaper of choice for overnights, but they're not advertised as being great for that anyway.Now that my daughter has a little bit more love to her thighs she actually fits nicely into the diapers. I previously mentioned that I had to alter several of the diapers with an additional leg snap to remove some of the openings around my daughters thighs. Huge disclaimer, my daughter has always had chunky thighs and up until about a month ago (4 months old and approximately 16 pounds) she still required that additional leg snap. However, at this point in time she is comfortably wearing the diapers that I did not alter yet without leaks. They seem to finally seal around her thighs in a satisfactory manor. Therefore, if you're buying these for exceptionally chunky thighs or a slightly older child the diaper will probably work great for you without alteration.I'm keeping my rating at three stars for a final someone important reason. Not all of the diapers have the same outer plastic-like lining. Some of the diapers contain a soft outer shell that does not cause any issues, and works wonderfully. However, while my daughter is wearing the more plastic like diapers the PUL does roll in toward the diaper preventing any of the wicking from the fabric of the pocket but the plastic like exterior aggravates her skin a little bit. Typically I try to change her 15 minutes after a feeding or within an hour when she is in those diapers. If I do not change her quickly enough and the diaper is wet, it has led to a few blisters forming at the elastic line in as little as two hours.They have also maintained well even after a few months of regular washing and line drying. Given the price I was concerned that they would break down quicker, but to this point they're holding up fantastically. I still like these diapers, they aren't my favorite and I probably won't need to buy ten more, but I definitely like them if you're just trying to supplement your stash.