Update 7/14/14I'm dropping a star now that I've had a chance to use the car seat for a while. It just isn't comfortable for my daughter. We used it for a couple of weeks and ended up purchasing another car seat because it just wouldn't fit snugly in a comfortable way. I think this is due to the shoulder straps being one size fits all, in order to get them tight enough to be safe they caused problems with restriction at the legs causing discomfort. It's nice that you don't have to re-thread the shoulders as the baby gets bigger but overall the design didn't work for us. An expensive disappointment all around.So, I picked up this combo of car seat and stroller mainly because of the car seat. It's one of the highest reviewed and best safety-rated of all the car seats out there and the combination with the stroller saves you a bit of money.The car seat is excellent, documentation is directly on the base and the little computer screen makes it obvious whether you have it installed correctly or not. No qualms with the car seat, excellent all around.A couple of things with the stroller that might be a draw back. First the locking switches on the front wheels were a real bugger to get to work properly, I had to actually unscrew them from the frame and work them back and forth with a screw driver before they were pliable enough to lock with just fingers. Not sure why this was the case, perhaps most people don't lock the front wheels at all or mine was just a manufacturing snafu. They work fine now.My main problem was with the baby snack tray cup holder piece. As seen in the product pictures it serves as the handle when the stroller is folded, but because of how the locking mechanism works on each side it is very difficult to get the little plastic locks to secure reliably. It is made this way so that you fold it open from either side to put your child in the seat but as a handle it just isn't good enough for me to feel confident to carry it that way.Which is a shame because most every thing else with the stroller is excellent quality. The weld points and aluminum frame are extremely well made. The fabric of the seat and sun shade are also obviously made of high quality material and construction. If not for the locking mechanism of the tray/handle this would be a great combination with the car seat. Perhaps the locks will be improved in the future.