I recently took a trip to Los Angeles and wanted to bring something with me for my 5 month old that was compact, lightweight, and easy to use.  I bought the 6 month and older size (since the other was sold out).  This is definitely compact and lightweight, but was slightly confusing to put together.  There are so many snaps, buckles, ties, that you can fashion something workable no matter how you use it.  I imagine that the amount of closures is to make it as adaptable as possible to various seats, which is a good thing, but it can just be frustrating.  The ties are also very long, so it drags on the dirty restaurant floor.  It does fold together very well though, and it is easy to fold up and put back in its small pouch, which fits easily in a diaper bag or purse.Some things to keep in mind:High backed chairs - If it is too high, the slip that goes over the top will make the bottom too high to sit on the chair itself.  We have fairly high backed chairs in our dining room, where we first tested it out, and my daughter probably would have been more comfortable with a phone book underneath her.  Also, the buckles that go over the shoulders at the chest were more around her ears.Chairs with backs that don't come very close to the seat - You'll have to creatively fashion the ties so that your baby won't slip through the back, but it's possible/workable.  I just didn't realize that at first, so it was a scary moment until I caught her!Restaurant Booths - We wanted it to use as a travel high chair for restaurants, since my daughter isn't big enough for a standard high chair yet.  Unfortunately, I found that many restaurants we went into only had booths available, rendering the whole thing useless.In the end, I'm glad I had it with me, but we only used it maybe 2 times in the 5 days we were there.  It works as described, but I'm not sure if it was worth it for this particular trip.  We'll keep it around and as she gets a little older, it might be nice to have when just going around town to restaurants or traveling to family's homes.