MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:I read a lot of reviews on this product before purchasing.  I am a disposable diaper user, and it works perfectly fine for me.  Some of the reviews said that this did not "hold enough diapers", especially for cloth users.  I have 8 month old twins, and it holds their diapers just fine, and I prefer to empty it every day or two anyways.  Some reviews said there was an odor when you open it, but there are dirty diapers in there.  If you want to avoid all possible odor - the Diaper Genie II is the way to go.  I had one for my (now) 5 year old daughter, and we used it on the twins until I accidentally broke it.  To be honest, I was trying to be frugal and not have to buy the special bags anymore, so I just went with the traditional pail.It is what it is -- you can use regular plastic bags from the grocery store, and yes, when you open it, you will smell the odor, but for the most part, unless there is a serious blow-out diaper in there, you won't smell anything when closed, especially if you use the Munchkin Arm & Hammer Discs (or something similar.)I do agree with other reviewers that it seems like the pail does not open enough.  It's really not a huge issue for me, I can still get my diaper in there, but I can imagine if you use cloth diapers, which are more bulky, I can see your issue with that feature.**REVISED Review - 8/8/11 - 1 1/2 months after using this product**OK, I think I jumped the gun and gave too favorable of a review.  My original review was within a week of receiving and using the product.  The odor is so bad, I even went to double bagging, and bought scented (8 gallon) bags to help with the odor.  Yes, I do realize there are dirty diapers in there, but being a former Diaper Genie owner, this is just disgusting.  You smell the odor (obviously) when you open/close it, which is understandable,  but it lingers in the room.  No amount of cleaning the pail, or spraying of Lysol, or Deoderizing Disks helps. I even emptied the bag DAILY, and it was still too smelly. I understand there is poo in there, and it's going to smell, but after using it for a month, it got worse and worse.I have twins, and they are at Daycare 4 days a week, so this isn't even used full-time.  This past weekend, I went out and bought the Diaper Genie II Elite.  I am not thrilled that I have to buy the special bags, but at least my home won't smell like a dirty diaper pail any longer.