After hearing from word-of-mouth and actually observing the product in use, my wife and I spent a lot of money on several of their products at one go. We were so impressed that one particular family used only one car seat and stroller system for four of their children, handing it down from one child to the next. How could that not be impressive? Well, we though, that's car seat and travel system for our family.As a result, we bought the Orbit Baby (OB) G2 car seat and travel system: 1) infant car seat, 2) car seat base (w/insulated liner), 3) stroller base (w/ cargo pod), 4) toddler stroller seat (w/ sunshade), and 5) bassinet (w/ rocker base and insulated liner).I cannot emphasize enough the disappointment we feel over the failure of just one failed product much less over two products. Emotionally and financially, the disappointment is quite extensive.We received the shipment of the everything listed above, and as a responsible consumer, I immediately tested everything out. Upon unfolding the the stroller, I attempted to fold back it up. It did not. The twist handle was unable to twist thus allowing the stroller to fold back into the configuration that it was recieved, i.e. incapable of being put into the trunk of a car. Orbit Baby describes this as a "failure out of the box."Read between the lines: This has happens often enough that there is a special title for this type of failure, and it happened before it could be used by the consumer.OB ensured that it was handily and rapidly replaced; they sent another entire stroller base to include another travel pod.Read between the lines again: OB charges exorbitant prices to cover the cost of replacing cheap and shoddy workmanship and the associated shipping charges.The second product failure occurred with the infant car seat. Both handles (plastic, mind you), one on each side, broke. The handles when simultaneously clenched engage the release of the car seat from the base. Now that both handles were broke, the care seat is permanently stuck to the base because, alarmingly, their is no emergency release to separate the seat from the base.Let me reiterate this last statement: Both release handles that separate the car seat from the base are quite breakable. And when they do break, the car seat remains fixed and unreleaseable from the base. While this is not bad in it of itself, in an emergency situation (i.e. car accident), you need to quickly take your child from the car. If in the rush you break both plastic handles, you will spend unnecessary time to undo the buckles before extracting yourself and your child from the car.While I'm waiting for OB to validate our purchase and fulfill their warranty, meaning replacements for botht the car seat and the car seat base, the broken car seat remains locked to its base, of which both are enitirely unuseable.We've used the car seat and the base for only a year, exactly to the month. For the money... and for only one year of use... we should have purchased a cheap Graco system.We've only just begun to now use the toddler stroller seat. I'm waiting to see what failure manifests with that or when the replacement stroller is going to fail. So far the only two things of regular use that have not failed are the basinet and travel pod, neither of which have mechanical moving parts.