I installed a set of Tot Loks on several cabinet doors but discovered that they are impossible to install on our cabinet doors that have glass inserts and on our drawers. I bought this item based on the product photos alone, thinking that they appeared narrow enough to fit the door frames. I also chose this product due to the metal construction, and had planned to use them on several wall cabinets for earthquake safety.I was able to install them on my cabinet doors that have glass panels. The frame portion of these doors are narrower than that of the standard wood-paneled doors, so I was able to mount the latch with some slight bending to fit. These cabinets hold infrequently-accessed display items. Although they are out of reach of children, I wanted something sturdy that would hold the door shut (and the heavy bowls and dishes inside) in case of an earthquake.Next, I tried to install a latch on the utensil and cutlery drawer. It is the uppermost drawer in the base cabinet, and a standard-width countertop is installed above the cabinet. Unfortunately due to the overhang of the countertop, when opening the drawer there's only about a 3/4" gap for me to reach inside and unhook the latch. Both my wife and I have slender fingers and it's a really close and uncomfortable squeeze, not to mention inconvenient to use. Because I'm pressing near the bend in the latch, it is actually deforming the latch with every use. I found that after a few trials, the latch would no longer catch onto the screw and I had to rebend the latch to get it to work. If I bend it too much, the tip of the latch hits the face frame and prevents the drawer from closing, requiring you to press down on the latch. This is very unreliable and inconvenient. I removed the latch and will try to come up with another way to install the Tot Lok.The other concern was that the catch is simply a screw that is driven into the side of the face frame. Although the frame on my cabinets are cherry hardwood, I am concerned that someone might not expect the latch in place or forget and pull hard enough to split the face frame or pull the latch out of the door. So the "ultra strong" latch might survive but the door or frame might be damaged beyond repair. I think a better design would be to make the latches longer and bend them so that they catch onto the back of the face frame. This would eliminate the need for a screw into the face frame, and also makes installation much easier.I was hoping that the latch was stainless steel or a more-resilient spring steel, but it and the screws are simply chromed steel. On one door installation, the head of the catch screw twisted off even though I had predrilled holes. On closer examination, the screws seem to be of much poorer quality and finish than the latches.I had planned to install several more latches on more-frequently-used wall cabinet doors for earthquake safety, but decided not to because they are too inconvenient to use, especially one-handed. Aside from bending or removing the latch or screw, there's no easy way to temporarily disable and re-enable the lock.