I've been putting my now-19 month-old toddler to sleep at night in Halo Sleepsacks since she was a newborn ... we started out with the Sleepsack Swaddle, then switched to the regular Sleepsacks.  In fact, they've become a part of our bedtime routine ... my little-one knows that when the Sleepsack goes on, it's time for bed.  We've never had a problem with any of the Sleepsacks, until now.  About two-and-a-half months ago, I purchased the Halo Micro-fleece Sleepback in lime green (with the applique) for my daughter to wear during the cool winter nights.  For the first 6 weeks, this Sleepsack was fine, and then the zipper started getting tricky.  It would randomly stick and be very difficult to zip down (Sleepsack zippers reverse-zip from top to bottom).  I closely examined the zipper and could see no reason why it kept getting stuck.  One morning, after I'd had a particularly difficult time getting the zipper to close at bedtime, the zipper split open overnight in the chest area all the way down to the waist.  Thank goodness my daughter was wearing long-sleeved footed pajamas under the Sleepsack because it had been an especially chilly night and she had a cold to boot.  The last thing she needed was to catch a chill due to a defective Sleepsack.  The final straw came a couple of nights ago when I just couldn't get the zipper to close, no matter how hard I tried.  After about 3 minutes of struggling, my toddler became very upset that her bedtime routine was being interrupted.  Thank goodness I had a spare Sleepsack readily available, otherwise her crying spell would've turned into a full-on meltdown ... definitely NOT something you want happening when you're trying to settle an active toddler down for bed!We're not particularly hard on our Sleepsacks, either.  I wash and dry them according to Halo's instructions, and my little one doesn't fiddle with or suck on the zipper.  Plus, I always get two Sleepsacks in every size and I alternate weeks between them, so they're definitely not overused.  The zipper on this one just stopped working, plain and simple.  However, I'm still giving this item a 3 instead of a 1  out of 5 because all of my other Halo Micro-fleece Sleepsacks worked perfectly after months of wear and washings.  So I'm assuming this defective zipper problem is just a one-off fluke.  However, it was still a pretty major inconvenience and waste-of-money to spend twenty bucks on a Sleepsack to end up tossing it in the trash well before my little-one outgrew it.  And on top of that, I now have to pony up an additional $20 for a new Sleepsack to replace the defective one!Overall grade for Halo Micro-fleece Sleepsacks (Large): A-Grade for this particular Sleepsack: D