I bought the pump for $170 on amazon and now it already increases to $200++.  The reason I bought it was because it's cheaper than Medela and took chance on it.  Luckily it is still functioning as before ( 6months already, pumping 6~8 times in 24 hours, at least 15mins a session, uses lowest suction and highest speed.  I produce milk just enough for my baby around 25~30oz and is still maintaining it until now.My good review about it is that, it is not painful using this pump even if I pump very frequent.  The pump massages/squeezes the breasts and gently suctions the nipples.  The car charger is useful.My complain about this pump is that the motor was very quiet the first few months and it gets louder after that.  My pump ( not sure about others) will make sound like it's out of breath when I put it on highest suction and then it just stop by itself.  I tried it several time on high and it will stop.  So now I never use the high suction.  The low suction at 1 or 2 is ok and I can pump continuously for 30min without problem.Talking about pump efficiency, I read those using Medela can empty the breasts in few minutes but not with this pump.  I need at least 20min to feel totally empty.  Plus sometimes I need to increase the suction because I can't feel anything after 10min of pumping.  I notice little cracks on the cups already, may be because of the physical attach and detach action everyday I need to do in order to wash it. Those cracks might cause the flange not sealing properly.My last biggest complain is that this pump doesn't come with a battery pack.  Last 2 months, I had to go on an international travel that will take total 28 hours.  I know the flight has no outlet accept in the toilet + it is hard to find electrical outlets in the transit airports.  If there is one, this pump cannot accept 220~240V input and you need an adapter + a transformer for it.  That is so troublesome.  So I contacted the customer service if they have one and was told playtex doesn't sell battery pack.  So I searched in amazon and found Medela battery pack.  There're 2 types, 1 is 15V and another is 12V.  So need to make sure you get the correct 12V.  I had both 12V (8 AA battery)and 15V(10 AA battery) because I was careless to order.  I can still use the 15V battery pack by shorting off 2 batteries so that the input becomes 12V instead of 15V.My conclusion, I'm glad I bought this pump at $170 and not $200++ even though it's not a perfect pump.  I wouldn't buy this pump at current price though.  Now, the price is [...].  I'd rather buy Medela with this price.  I don't really care about soreness because playtex pump can tingle too much sometimes and is very annoying.  I'd rather it feels little painful.