I bought this set for my first little girl after having three boys. My husband was a little apprehensive in going "all girl" so we compromised with this set.It is adorable with a capital 'A'! I wouldn't hesitate to say the picture does not do this set justice.*However*I don't know if I got a bad set or what, but the quality has been horrible. The bumper was for some reason not big enough for my crib (I had no problem getting my other kids' bumpers to fit) so I put it on before baby girl was born mainly for decoration. While I was putting it on, I gave it a little "tug" to see if it would go all the way around my crib (it's short by *maybe* 1/4 of an inch) and the thing RIPPED APART! Not only that, while I was tying some of the ties, they virtually pulled right off the bumper. So, the bumper gets maybe a 1 in my book. Adorable, but I couldn't even use it because it didn't even stand up to putting it in the crib. The toy hanger and the diaper thing were pretty much useless as well; the pockets on the toy thing ripped off when I went to grab a binky out of there, and I have pretty small hands.My friend also bought me the matching laundry hamper for my baby shower. Baby girl is 8 months old and the thing is falling apart. It is made with very cheap dowel rods, and the sewing isn't very durable. My husband screwed the thing together to make it more durable, but to no avail. The thing is a piece of junk and more for decoration than serving it's intended purpose.All in all, the set is adorable, but it's not a 5 star because I've gotten better quality crib bedding from BigLots. Like I said before, I'm not sure if I just got a bad set or if they're all like this, but a friend of mine had no problem getting her bumper to fit, yet had the same issues with ties tearing off and the toy bag pockets ripping off. She also ripped her diaper hanger somehow. I'm not sure I'll purchase other JoJo products in the future; their styles are adorable and the price is low on other websites, but the quality is not there.