*Edited 10/12/2013 as I now own multiple baby carriers after this Bjorn*I got this as a babyshower gift since it was on my registry. I loved using it in the beginning when baby was under 15 lbs. She fit in it well when she was a newborn - 3 month old. She was 9lbs at birth and she was well within the perfect range to start using the carrier. I used it to go for 20 min walks when she was younger (0-3 months), and she fell asleep in the carrier. This was a great product at that time. It only started getting useless when she reached ~20lbs (which isn't the top maximum weight for the carrier). The carrier weight capacity is about 8lbs - 26.5lbs.With my experience:Pros -- Good head support for 0-3 month old- Helps baby fall asleep when fussy- Very adjustable, even husband can use it- You can hold baby while having your hands freeCons -- Appears to "squeeze" thighs when baby grows. The weight limit is 26.5 lbs. Baby is about 20 lbs and almost 28" at 5 months (she was >90th %ile since birth) and she seems to be outgrowing this already even if she's not 26 lbs. Her thighs have huge red marks from the carrier. I only carried her for 10 minutes or less.- Got too uncomfortable on my shoulders at baby reaching 17lbs+- Baby can only be carried in the front of your body, not the side or back like other carriers- Ridiculously expensive price not worth it (For something cheaper we can find a more ergonomic carrier for both the wearer and the baby, plus there are some that can be worn on the back or side in addition to the front)- "crotch" dangler carrier, if you're a frequent babywearer, this is NOT recommended, do your own research about hip dysplasia. BabyBjorn even has to make a whole section defending their product on their website. And if you notice in the BabyBjorn pictures the "parents" are often bending their baby's knees from their feet to make it look less bad.- Way too overpriced for the lack of functionality and features. You can only carry in the front. Not the back or side. I own a ring sling, Boba3G, Ergobaby, and Lillebaby - these are all cheaper than the Bjorn but they are WAY more comfortable to wear (even for extended periods of time, and I mean 1+ hour), plus these can all have baby worn in the back.IN conclusion, I wouldn't recommend this carrier if you want to be a babywearing parent. I didn't realize that it would have been nice if I had a carrier that can be worn on the side and on the back once baby gets heavier. This is best suitable for short term use if you need your hands free. Baby's legs dangle instead of bend while sitting in this.I ended up not using it as often and this was the first baby product I really regretted (my mom bought it for me from my registry, and her budget is very limited). I really tried to put some love into this product and it just didn't satisfy me that well. It was great in the beginning while it lasted. I thought it was well worth the expensive price, but it was a bust.