We did a lot of research on highchairs and decided to purchase these for our twins.  The twins are child #3 and #4 in our family, so we knew what features were important to us. The chair seemed very user friendly and met all our expectations.....at first. Please read my experience if you want to really know the usability of this chair and the huge design flaw that graco doesn't tell you about!Since our babies were preemie, we waited to start any kind of solids until 6 months.  We used the recline feature A LOT on this high chair, it was a great way for me to be able to bottle feed both, or one while the other was still being spoon fed.  I loved that they could collapse and fold, I love the ease of the tray coming on and off.  I also loved that I could take a warm, damp towel with a squeeze of dish soap on it and virtually wipe clean the fabric.  We were happy with our purchase.  They were great chairs!Fast forward a few months and now our babies are starting to self feed and are very MESSY!  I can't always catch their hands before they get stuff everywhere since I'm outnumbered!  After about 4 days of trying to wipe the fabric clean after each feeding (which we used them 4-5x a day),  it just needed a good wash.  I know it's a pain to take the cover off and wash it and you can get other highchairs that are completely wipable, but for the price, washing the cover 1 or 2x a week didn't seem bad to me at all since this chair had everything else we were looking for.  I do so much laundry anyway!So, I thought "No problem", I'll just put the extra cover on for bit while the other's in the wash...which is a great feature to have an extra cover (kudos to myself for again buying this awesome chair...).  Then, I start to unsnap the current cover and unbeknownst to me, the liner under the cover is not attached to the cover and although it can be taken off the chair, it CAN NOT be washed!  It has a peice of cardboard that is coated with plastic (think post office mail sorting bins), but it is not sealed around the edge and there is NO WAY it would stand up in the wash.  AND, there is a square hole about teh size of a silver dollar where the crotch bar between the legs is that  is not covered by the cover, only the liner.  AND, you guessed it.  Squeezed bananas and you name it are totally stuck to the cover and super nasty.  SUPER nasty!  And, I'm a neat person, I keep my house and kids clean, I spot treat everything, I wipe everything down-bleach things when needed, etc.  There is no way that I could have missed this nasty junk if I had actually seen it, but it HIDES under the crotch bar and then adheres to the liner!  The only way to see it is to either take off the liner or collapse the seat.I was absolutely heartbroken when I saw that I couldn't was the liner.  Then I was angry! SO angry at this design flaw that any parent who uses a high chair can tell you is absolutely idiotic that Graco would leave a hole for food to get trapped and then not have a way to (1) clean it, and (2) wash it!!  Also, we are trying to use trainer cups (w/o the flow valve) to help our babies learn to drink from the cup. One had tipped over and leaked water onto the chair pad. I didnt' catch it until about 10-15 minutes later since I was cleaning up by babies, and when I discovered it, I quickly got a cloth to wipe it up.  The next day was the day I removed the covers to wash and right there on the liner is a HUGE water spot/stain...and the bottom of the "cardboard" backing of the line was soft and squishy to the touch.  Imagine if I had left it there for more than a day...mold...???  Are you kidding me Graco, please, you have got to fix this.Amazon was more than amazing.  This is why I love Amazon.  I spoke tho their customer service people to find out what I could do, if I shoudl call Graco, etc.  I had no intention of returning it since we had used it for almost 3 months.  I explained the situatuion, and they are going to pay for shipping for us to return them and give us a FULL refund.  I'm telling you, I will always be a customer of a company who thinks enough about their consumers to treat them well.  AND, I am not a big person on returns, I do not abuse return polices.SO, you wonder what wil use instead?  Now that our babies are almost 1 year old, we are going with teh fisherprice booster seats since they don't need to be reclined anymore.  If I wanted a reclined one, I would go with the fisherprice space save booster.Thanks for reading the long review and I sure hope it helps someone, because this tired mom took time out to really tell how it is.