First, I bought three different brands of diaper liners, and I see no substantial difference among them.  This one is a bit stiffer than he bummis at first, but once it's all sweaty/wet, it seems about the same.  It does not stand up well to washing in my washing machine, but that's probably good if it claims to be flushable.  It does stand up to hand-rinsing, so if you want to get extended use out of a wet one, I recommend rinsing it and hanging it up to dry.Here's where it gets a bit graphic, so if you can't handle the poop talk... oh, nevermind.  You're reading about diaper products!  Clearly you can handle the poop talk!My mom loves these, so I make sure to put one in my daughter's diaper before my mom comes to babysit.  Mom claims that it makes things very neat and tidy, and makes it easy to dispose of the poop.In my experience, it is true that the liner makes it easy to lift out a formed poop, but I find it easy enough to get formed poops off my diapers even without a liner.  I basically just roll them off into the toilet using the diaper itself (formed poop sticks to itself better than to the diaper).  It's not the formed poops I'm worried about: it's the soft or liquid poops.  For soft or liquid poops, the liners don't offer much advantage.  Sure you can lift SOME of the poop off the diaper, but I generally get messy hands doing so, and a lot of poop is left in the diaper despite the liner.  It just oozes around the edges and up the front or up the back beyond the confines of the liner.  I end up having to spray or wipe the diaper anyway, and at that point, it doesn't feel as though the liner saved me anything.So there you have it.  One brand seems much like the others to me, so you might as well buy the cheaper ones.  My mom loves them and swears by them, and anything that keeps her happy about my choice to use cloth diapers is a good thing in my book, so I'll continue to buy them, but when it's just me dealing with the diapers, I don't use the liners at all because I don't think they make a huge difference.