Let me start by saying that I love Graco and their products. I used them with my oldest child who is now three and again with my youngest who is eleven months. From strollers to playpens, cribs and swings- we’ve tried them all. And we’ve loved them all! I wish I could say the same for the Graco Snug Ride infant car seat. Unfortunately, Graco missed the mark with this one.But before I discuss the bad, let me address the positives. As I stated before, we have many Graco products. One of the things I like best is that the products can be used together. The Graco Sung Ride infant car seat can easily be “snapped” into both my single ride stroller- that was previously used for my daughter- as well as my double stroller that is used for the both of my children. Conveniently, it can also be snapped into any Graco infant seat base. (If you have kids, you know what a base is and I do not need to explain). We were able to use the old one we used for my daughter in one car and the new one that came with Snug Ride car seat in another. I cannot tell you what a convenience this was. The car seat is also lightweight and easy to carry.Now, for the bad part, which just so happens to be the worst. I found that the positioning of this car seat was not ideal for head support. My sons head would literally be dangling and drooped down like a little bobble-headed baby. We would arrive at our destination and he would be slumped over in his seat. Clearly, this is not safe or comfortable for the most precious little people in our lives. Safe to say I no longer used this car seat in the car. I did however use it in the double stroller when I went on outings with my kids and the positioning was perfectly fine. It became more of an accessory as opposed to a reliable car seat for daily use.All in all, I went into the buying process expecting one thing and receiving anther. I would not recommend this car seat if this is your only Graco product and/or your only car seat. Luckily, I had another car seat that we planned to use in another car and I was able to keep this one. I do recommend this car seat for parents so have other Graco products to accompany this one. As stated before, it's a great accessory item.I wish I had written this review a year ago, so that I could have helped someone with their purchasing process, but I missed the mark and this product had been discontinued. Go figure. There were probably too many complaints about bobble headed babies.