We bought and set up this system last night.  I am taking it back to the store as soon as possible.  I would not recommend this monitor for any nighttime monitoring.Its Pros:  + Yes, the transmission is clearer than a non-digital monitor and interference is less of a problem.  + It probably has a longer range.  + There's no annoying static burst when the transmitter in the baby's room is turned off.Its awful, ill-thought-out characteristics, aka Cons: + Cheap construction. + Buttons are too easy to accidentally push. + Every time you touch a button it emits a loud "beep!" to, oh I dunno, let you know you just touched a button...as if that weren't already obvious. Not too friendly a feature to a spouse that's trying to sleep, when every time the other spouse needs to adjust something at 3 in the morning the adjustment is accompanied by obnoxious loud beeping. + To indicate which room it's monitoring, it constantly blinks a green or a blue LED light.  It's a fast blink and the lights are blindingly bright. It felt like there was a police car parked in my bedroom. What an awful, awful idea.  Who on Earth thinks it's a good thing to use an incessantly blinking LED light in a darkened bedroom? What IDIOT came up with this idea?  He should be found, captured, preferably beaten, and forced (a la Clockwork Orange) to look at this blinking light for hours. + The volume control is subpar. Instead of having a dial where you can exactly customize the volume to your comfort level, it has 5 or 6 pre-determined volume settings. I think they should be named "Mute", "Loud", "Is This Louder Than The Previous Setting Because I Can't Tell A Difference", "Really Loud", "Incredibly Loud", and "!*^#(!% Loud". There is no "low" or "medium" setting that I can determine. So either you can't hear anything, or you're subjected to a constant hiss of white noise all night long.  No, it's not staticy, but I swear you can hear air molecules banging together.  Every toss and turn of your baby sounds like an airplane flying over your house.  A sudden cry is like a knife in your ear.I'm ready to toss this product out the window...what a piece of junk.  If your baby doesn't keep you up all night, this thing certainly will.  Do yourself a favor and spend a couple extra dollars to get a higher-quality dual-room monitor...I know there's not a lot of choice on the market, but I bet ALL the other choices are better than this one.  See my other product reviews to pick out my personal recommendation.