I ended up here after a web search regarding exploding tyres on Bugaboo strollers. It seems to be a very common issue.I build soapbox racers and while I wouldn't normally use stroller wheels, I did so for a recent small soapbox car that didn't require anything very sophisticated. The wheels I used were a pair of the black plastic 5-spoke wheels as used on this Bugaboo stroller and others (the rim includes a moulding with "Bugaboo" clearly visible). I have had tubes in these tyres repeatedly explode without warning which led me to the web search to see if was a known problem. As it seems to be, I investigated a bit further.The problem becomes obvious once you can actually catch a tyre in the act of exploding- the rims are slightly too small for the tyres so the bead gets pushed off. Once the inner tube has a gap to force its way through it does so and will probably pop. When fitting the tyres it is very obvious that the rim is too small because you can push the tyre over the rim with very little effort, and once in place, it's clear that the tyre is oversized - there will be part of the tyre bead visibly exposed at some point around the rim. The rim itself includes moulded text suggesting a max inflation of 15psi, and at that pressure and light use the tyre will probably stay on. If you overinflate it will fall off the rim. The problem is made worse because the black plastic material is quite slippery and the tyre bead doesn't grip it very well - I plan to experiment with gluing the tyre in place though I think my best bet will be to source some better wheels.The tyres and tubes themselves are conservatively rated for 35-40 psi and for soapbox use 15psi is useless. So while my use of these wheels is non-standard and obviously completely not covered by any sort of warranty from Bugaboo, the real problem that causes this issue (even for normal correct use in a stroller) is the design fault that is the undersized rim. Note that I'm using a different type of stroller wheel made from aluminium on the same cart that are a correct fit for the tyres (and require substantial force to fit the tyre) and these wheels have never exploded even using identical tyres and tubes, inflated well above 40psi, further validating my observation that the problem here is the rim design.Whether this should be a reason or not to buy this stroller, it does at least offer an explanation for the frequent reports of tyres exploding. Hopefully the designers will correct this at some point - in the meantime, don't use these for soapbox racers!