So I did thorough research before buying a carrier because I happen to know a lot about toxic chemicals and I settled on the ergo baby organic carrier with the organic infant insert. Well upon arrival I felt the straps of the carrier and guess what was inside? Nope!not organic stuffing like ergo baby states it is EVA foam it's also in the bottom portion of the carrier! I also paid extra for an organic infant insert As opposed to the regular insert and alas there was foam inside the bottom of the insert pillow as well! I called ergo baby and they confirmed that there was indeed EVA foam in both of these items. There are low amounts of formermine inside their EVA foam. Formermine causes reproductive cancer. EVA foam is what playmats are typically made out of. Germany and France have already outlawed EVA foam play mat but of course America Would never do that. We're too concerned about the bottom line. In any event I asked them Why it was stated on the carrier itself, the box the carrier came in,and all of the information on websites Where there was information about the carrier and insert, That it was 100% organic with organic cotton outside and organic cotton inside and why it did it not state that there was EVA foam Inside ? Ergo baby told me legally they didn't have to disclose the fact that the foam was in there. The lady tried to wiggle out of it by saying well this foam doesn't really touch the baby I told her the foam, the chemicals inside the foam everything that has to do with foam off gases and comes through the material! You will probably be in the sun with your baby and  carrier, And with the sun beating down onto the foam It will Ofgas more! You don't want your baby's face is right next to the foam so he's breathing it and even if you get the chew straps, you don't want to mouth anywhere near the carriers straps! i asked to order one without foam. They said they can't accommodate me because it their Warehouse volume is too high to accommodate my needs I said well that figures that's why you're saving money on crap foam and putting babies health at risk instead of filling it with organic cotton stuffing as you misrepresent that you do!! In any event what I ended up doing was purchasing a seam ripper and opening up the seams on both sides of the straps removing the foam with gloves on of course and removing the foam from the bottom portion of the carrier  And from the pillow in the infant insert and then sewing it back up with some organic soy cotton batting. Just be wary people you need to call the manufacturer never trust when they say something organic or non-toxic without first checking all of the materials MSDS reports and facts because there's a lot of companies out there that are green washed and scamming people At the expense of our little one's health!!