I have the Mosaic in Fusion (blue), and it has been broken since I got it. The safety bar across the front of the stroller becomes undone from the body of the stroller, so that when the car seat is attached it droops. Very unsafe. We contacted Graco via e-mail within three weeks of our baby's birth with this problem, and they promised a replacement part within ten business days. Three weeks later, no part, no e-mail, no phone call. We e-mailed again -- whoops, sorry, color backordered. Hello! My kid is now six weeks old and I don't have a stroller! They sent a different color (pink -- I have a boy) and promised to send the right color when they got more in. Hello! The colored part is a fabric sleeve that slips off the new one so we could put the blue one on. And thanks for making me wait ANOTHER three weeks for this replacement part that, hey, didn't fix the problem. So I called (my husband had been dealing with all this before) and they told me that I could ship them my broken stroller, then they would examine it and ship me another, which may take a month. (Did I mention my kid is now nearly four months old?) They sent me a return shipping label (how generous) but with it was a letter stating that they can replace my stroller with any model they choose. So I called again, and they said that they could offer me a refund, but that would take six weeks to process once they received my stroller, and I could go buy another stroller out of my own pocket in the meantime. Whatever. Now they've been discontinued and I can't get another that matches the carseat that my kid has practically outgrown now anyway. I want to have a matching set, or at least a compatible stroller, so that I don't have to invest in ANOTHER stroller fiasco with our next baby. But I'm about ready to chuck everything that says Graco on it right out the window. DO NOT BUY THIS STROLLER. DO NOT EXPECT PROMPT OR REALISTIC ASSISTANCE FROM GRACO. At this point, I will have the stroller situation settled at about the same time my kid starts high school. By the way, they never did follow up regarding the blue part versus pink part.