I really want to love this product. It's exactly what I'm looking for, as we are often on the go at places like the zoo or ballpark where finding a good heating source for a bottle is very tough. I also found it more convenient when visiting instead of asking the host for a bowl of hot water. Complaints like it takes too long to heat a bottle or having to boil to reset it don't bother me, as my daughter has a routine where I know approximately when she will be hungry, so I just plan ahead when to activate heat. Also, I am pretty organized at home, so boiling to reset the warmer is no problem - I already am boiling water to sanitize bottles and pump parts.I did have problems with it activating for no reason. Sometimes I could explain it to jostling in the soft sided carrying case, but coming in the kitchen in the morning to find it had activated overnight leaves me at a loss. Still not a huge problem as I had bought 2 warmers.However, both of these warmers have sprung a leak. The one appears to have been punctured by the metal disk somehow. The other one I don't know what happened, as the leak is just on the bottom edge.I was pretty careful with these, so it's frustrating to find such a good concept was used only a dozen times or so in the month since I purchased and now is useless. I did temporarily continue to use the one leaking at the bottom and just wrapped some paper towel around it to prevent a big mess and protect the bottle - supposedly the contents are nontoxic, but I'm not taking their word for it when it involves my child.If the warmers had not broken, I would've rated 4 stars. If they also had not randomly activated, I would've given 5 stars.I still love the concept, so I am trying a different brand hoping for more durability.UPDATE: I've downgraded to 2 stars since the handle of the insulator came undone right after I reviewed the product, and the insulator is now inconvenient to use even for other purposes. Obviously this is a low quality product overall. I ordered the Prince Lionheart On-The-Go Bottle Warmer as a replacement and it seems to be better quality.