I'm giving this sippy cup four stars, although it's should be more like 3.5.The construction is quite good:  handles are ergonomic, side has anti-slip grips, drinking spout is not too hard or pointy.  My baby started using this cup at six months, and really loves it.  I thought it was perhaps just her love of water, but after trying a couple of other sippy cups, I see that this one is her favourite for some reason as she hasn't taken to others as quickly.  It was a bit heavy and wide for her to lift and only at 7.5 months has she been able to manage it on her own (although tipping it up to get at small amounts of remaining liquid is still a challenge).The one big minus of this cup, which I recently discovered, is that the rubber stopper, which makes this a spill-proof cup will fall out after a baby bangs this cup against her high chair or any hard surface.  I realized this after she was soaked on her front for no apparent reason.  I then noticed that the stopper was out, and thought perhaps I didn't put it in properly after washing.  I tried to be very aware of putting in in place after that, but the leaks continued to happen once in a while and the stopper coming loose was always at fault.  I still think it's a pretty good cup for the reasons noted above, but my husband noted that this design flaw makes it a deal breaker for him, as he can no longer rely on it to be spill-proof.  Eventually my baby will drink from this cup without the stopper, but until then, it would be nice if it was more reliable.---After nearly three months of use, I've downgraded this sippy to only two stars.  Sorry OXO...I love your products (LOVE the Sprout chair still) but this sippy is no good.  So after three months, the sippy is now pretty useless, except for the first few sips before it's dropped, or tilted or shaken.  I expect more from a sippy cup that is expected to take such abuse from a baby.  The rubber stopper issue has only worsened.  Now anytime the sippy is tilted over, it leaks, even if the stopper is still in place!  This appears to be caused by the stopper coming out a little bit, allowing water to leak, all over your baby or diaper bag or your purse!  Not fun.  It's made for some really disastrous situations.  The plastic non-slip coating on the handle and the bottle itself is now stained yellow, presumably from food.  This is not a big deal, but it just makes the cup look like it's falling apart, which it kind of is!  Hope to see some improvement on the next iteration of this product.