I ordered a set of these Sassy Teething Feeders when my child was transitioning to solids and first teething.  The quality of the product was good and the part the child holds onto could be put into the fridge/freezer and it would cool off a water pocket to keep the fruit that was put into the netting cold for a little bit longer.This didn't work very well for my child at that time.  It was messy and seemed like most of the fruit ended up on clothing or anywhere else except in the tummy.  We stopped using it.Fast forward almost a year and my child is still trying to pop out a few molars and we tried the Sassy Teething Feeder again.  This time, being a year older, it worked amazingly!  There was minimal mess to clean up after using it and one of my child's favorite things to do is go on a walk with the Sassy Teething Feeder and frozen fruit stuffed inside.  At 16mo and up, this thing has been well worth the money.Unfortunately, one of the covers broke and i couldn't find a replacement, so I thought I would just order another one.  I saw the two pack here for a decent price and went for it.  What we received in the mail, however, is dramatically different.  The plastic feels cheaper, the netting isn't as secure in the holder (if we try to push it full of fruit like the old one, the netting will pop out of place), and there's no longer a small pocket of water to help keep the fruit cold.  I'm not sure if I received a knockoff, but the quality of the product has definitely taken a nose dive compared to what it was a year ago.  I will need to contact the manufacturer to see if I really did get a knockoff.As it stands now, I WOULD NOT BUY this Sassy Teething Feeder again.  I think there are other alternative out there for less money.  If the product I received would have been the same as my last one, I would highly recommend this feeder.  It didn't work for us when we ordered the first one about 10 months ago, but it works great for us now.  Once again, because of the quality of the product I received this time has gone down, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND and would not buy this again.