Comparison of infant optics dxr-8 vs. summer infant Baby touch for multiple camerasWe have 4 kids 6 and under. We have purchased about 7 (no joke) video monitors in the past 6 years. They all are such bad quality compared to smart phones and where technology should be by now. However, we still love being able to see our children and talk to them without getting up off the couch during the precious 2 hrs per day we have to be lazy (nap/quiet time). We have had the summer infant baby touch the past 1.5 yrs and kept buying a new set (monitor + camera, the monitor would break for various reasons) until we had 4 cameras and finally I said enough is enough, we are getting a whole new system! Here we go -Quality observed out of the box - summer infant - seems more solid, better qualityLength of cords - summer infantBattery life - infant optics - summer infant is great at first but almost always fails to about half what it was after a couple months, that's quick (and sometimes still within the return window - score!)Video quality - infant optics - by farTwo way talk - summer infant is louder and slightly clearer but not by muchEase of controls - summer infant - the touch screen & having external volume control is niceDurability over time - infant opticsDurability of monitor unit over time - infant optics - our summer infant monitor unit cracks very easily when dropped (think iPhone but much worse) eventually the cracks in the screen affect the picture, we've also had other problems including freezing of the monitor and eventually the monitor just won't turn on (we've bought 3.. Shoot me now.)Pan/scan/zoom - infant optics - seems to have a better 'reach'Charging method - infant optics - the micro usb is a huge plusSo we would like to have a video system last longer than 6 months and that's why we went w the infant optics, we have friends who have said it lasts longer than all of their summer infant experiences and they also have multiple children and have purchased multiple monitors just like us. Granted, I just received the infant optics and set up the system, if Its still working the same 1 yr from now I'll be happy and it will have surpassed almost all my summer infant purchases. Don't kid yourself - this sucker will malfunction in some way most likely in the first 6 months. We had 3 that did. The monitor, not any of the cameras. And it's impossible to buy just the monitor anywhere..Our necessary requirements? Both units have two-way talk, remote pan/scan/zoom & scanning between cameras, as well as the ability to turn off the video display easily but still hear audio (no vox - I hate vox. We have cd's going and fans and kids use iPads. No thanks. Lack of vox is a plus for us.) I was kinda shocked how hard these requirements were to find with all of the video monitors available now. I avoided motorola as I know the battery life is super short and the video quality is poor. Hope this helps someone in their quest for the perfect (non-existent!) video monitor!!!