We needed a replacement for our Evenflo Simple Step baby gate, and the Summit was the replacement model the company offered.  Compared with our previous Evenflo gate, which was very similar in overall design, the Summit gets two thumbs down with the easy at which you can push the two buttons simultaneously and push down to open the gate. The buttons are VERY difficult to push in, even if you use two hands.  I had NO problems pushing the two buttons in our old baby gate and operating it with one hand.  Why do companies replace good models? Not every update or change to a product is a good one, which Evenflo has demonstrated!It was easy to install, and Amazon.com shipped it promptly and it arrived without any problems.  But the latching mechanism makes this baby gate very difficult to use.  Also, the extension that they provide allows the gate to "give" and sway back and forth when a young child pushes and pulls on it (rattling it), which over time will probably cause the gate to pop away from the wall.  So far my younger one hasn't tried that, but he's also not old enough yet to be able to do that.Another thing I didn't care for is the button that actually catches in the hole to "hold" it in place is very stiff and doesn't move in and out very well. You'd think that's a good thing, but if you want to swing the gate shut using one hand, without pushing both buttons in and pushing down on the handle at the same time, then you're out of luck.  It's hard to close! You really have to swing it with a lot of force to get it to engage.Overall, a HUGE disappointment from Evenflo.  I personally would not recommend buying this, and the only reason I'm keeping it and using it is because return shipping would cost half of what the product is worth! And I'm using it because I'm in desparate need for a baby gate, even if it is a difficult one to use.I'm having a yard sale in another month or so, so I will sell it then after I've found a suitable replacement!Overall, a HUGE disappointment from Evenflo.