Update after 1 month:I am sorry to say that this jewel did not last as I thought it would. My daughter was able to get a bite out of it within 2 weeks (fortunately she spit it out). She has also become quick to chew on the clasp of the break-away lanyard and it only takes a minute of biting to make the thing useless. I bought 2 other chewable jewels and the other two are holding up but only one clasp still works.So we are back to using Ps and Qs for everyday use. We still use the jewels when going out and I am very happy to have them. I would be even more willing to accept that the jewels may eventually fail if Sensory Junction would redesign the clasp out of stronger materials. I try to catch my daughter before she bites the clasp, but I can't watch her every minute! I still think this item is well worth the money for sometimes use.For Valentine's Day, I got my daughter this Dr. Bloom's blue rectangle chewable jewel and a Jellystone heart chewable necklace. My girl is 5 1/2 years old, autistic, and hyposensitive. She needs a LOT of oral stimulation and is constantly chewing or grinding her teeth. She has used Ps and Qs and grabbers on a break-away lanyard for a couple of years, but I wanted something more fashionable for her to wear everyday as she is getting to be a big girl:) So I chose this Dr. Bloom's chewable necklace and a Jellystone heart necklace.My daughter and I love the Dr. Bloom's chewable jewel! It holds up very, very well to her constant, tough chewing. My daughter's teachers and therapists have noticed that she generally concentrates better now that she has this chewable jewel and that she uses it readily, whereas the Ps and Qs and the grabbers she's been using required a lot of prompting. I have been happy that she doesn't take the jewel off when she gets home from school (as she always did with the Ps and Qs and grabbers) but will wear and use it at home and out too. I also really like the break-away necklace that Sensory Junction uses with the Dr. Bloom's jewel they sell; it is soft and sturdy and can't be chewed through (or, at least, it would take a while for even for the toughest chewers so you would know before it's time to replace). Other reviewers concerned by how quickly the necklace was chewed through probably bought from another seller. Sensory Junction also sells this thicker, woven break away necklace separately.The Jellystone heart chewable necklace, on the other hand, didn't hold up after one day at school. She has already chewed a little piece off the tip of the heart. And especially since the heart is small (when she first got it, she put the whole thing in her mouth), it wouldn't be wise for me to let her use it again. She couldn't swallow the whole heart--the heart is secured very well to the break-away necklace--but I worry if she chewed off a bit with the whole thing still in her mouth, she might not be able to keep herself from swallowing the bit.Dr. Bloom's jewels are a little chunkier and bigger than the Jellystone heart, but not as big and bulky as the Ps and Qs and grabbers. They may not be as lovely as the Jellystone hearts, but they are tough enough and big enough to take on the most determined chewers. And I think they look cool; not baby- or toddler- or therapeutic- looking at all. A really great solution for older chewers!