I am giving it 3 stars because my toddler got excited when he saw it. We tried it right away. It has no splash guard so you have to be careful as no matter if you use it on the floor or on the toilet, pee flies out.As other buyers said, it is quite flimsy, so flimsy that it makes me a little nervous to have my 32 pounds toddler sit on it while on the big potty.Not sure if I got a bad one but it is extremely hard to lock it into position, either if you want to have it in a potty position or as an insert for the big potty.Overall I still have to see how it goes. We also tried it with a shopping bag, I thought that would have annoyed my toddler out but he was strangely fine with it.Will update in a few weeks if needed.Update: my son and myself both hate this potty. We used it on vacation mostly to sit on top of regular toilets, this potty is terrible for boys, even if he holds it down it sprays everywhere as it bounces off the border of the potty. Both sides are the same, no real splash guard.It is very flimsy and every time I put it on top of the toilet I am afraid it would give in, so I hold my son.Not happy with this potty at all.Switching it from floor potty to seat is extremely difficult especially since you need to lock it in when you use it on the floor. To lock it in I have to push it so hard that I get marks on my hands, to unlock it I have to pull so hard then the whole leg comes off each time ... Then to put it back is another struggle, if I push too hard goes into lick position, if you don't push enough doesn't even go in ... Maybe i got a bad one? I dont know, all I know is that I hate it and so does my son.Update of the update: we keep this in the car. Have to say it has saved us in odd situations when LO had to "go". We just pulled up, set us his potty and let him "go" ... I am still worried when I put this potty on top of the regular toilet as it doesnt stick properly, its pretty wobbly and unstable. It has no handles for LO to hold himself and as previously mentioned, the splash guard is non existant.I still do not like this potty but with time it got easier to fold it and open it into position.Convenient for the car and on vacation, I guess.