I bought this monitor because our old one was a cheap piece of junk that probably operated on the 49 Mhz. All parts of this set appear well made and feel pleasant in the hand. Setup is a snap, insert batteries and go. Voice quality is good. When it's quiet there isn't a whole lot of white noise coming from the monitor but I still feel it could be less. If you're reading and not actively monitoring the remote room you'll want to turn the monitor off probably. Range of the unit is gravely exaggerated. I put the transmitter in our daughter's room upstairs while I sat in the front yard doing my astronomy activities. There are frequent 'clicks' as the receiver has trouble keeping a lock on the signal, it seems. Our house is made of wood so there isn't a whole lot of material between us. Maybe 1 inner and 1 outer wall. Still the signal makes it but not as confidently as suggested by the 2000 ft range I the box says.The most annoying thing about this monitor is that after a power failure the transmitter does not turn on by itself. I don't know where the designers of this monitor live but here in CT there are power glitches during storms. You'll want to install batteries in the transmitter. The battery door is hard to open, use a thin bladed screw driver and be patient. I have no idea why they decided to a) not include a rechargeable pack with the product or b) at least allow the customer to install rechargeable batteries. You can probably use your own rechargeable batteries but they won't recharge when the unit is plugged in.About plugging in. The transmitter power cord is very easily pulled out. You may want to tape it in place if it's in a location with lots of activity such as a nursery :-) The power button is also easily pushed but at least the monitors complain loudly when they don't receive a signal. Put the transmitter on a dedicated location where it will not be disturbed.The parent units are comfortable and the belt clip is a nice touch as is the recharge cradle. Battery life isn't terrific but should last about a night. I haven't tested it extensively but I remember one night the power got undone and it started beeping at 5AM complaining of a low battery.Overall I recommend this unit but as you've read there are some pitfalls you need to be aware of.