Worst piece of furniture I have ever paid more than $100 for.The packaging is a mess, some how many pieces' corners came out damaged, even those corners weren't directly at the edges of the packaging and there was no apparent big damage on the packaging (however you can tell the transport from Taiwan to US was a mess as well form the "age" of the packaging.The instructions are mess. Instructions tells you to- install the door before installing the top of the item, when all walls are extremely unstable. Installing top first (even installing the back after top) made door installation easier, however without laying the item to it's side (you need soft surface for that not to damage the item) door installation is impossible with a single person.- somehow put 3 panel pieces (the 2 sides and drawers / cabinet separator) that are attached to each other with few screws on long pieces of wood over the base, which is 4-5 inches off the ground. Again, if they have actually instructed to construct the panels upside down you can put the base on top of panels upside down, without trying to move the unstable panels risking damaging the joints, then fasten and flip now much more stable furnature around.- the instructions say you need 1 philips head screwdriver. You need at least 2, and the second one should be extremely thick as the cam locks require it or else your screwdriver will damage the cam locks.The quality of pre existing drilled holes and guides were OK for the body of the furniture however the cam lock holes were way off on the changing table frame. I had to buy new set of cam locks as existing cam locks either got broken or I damaged the screw guides rendering them useless. I had to re-adjust each 6 cam bolts depth and reinstall.The quality of the MDF is probably worst MDF ever produced in the world. If you drop an inch long screw from 2 feet it leaves a mark. If you ever unscrew any cam lock even if you put utter most care, the wood is stripped and you have re-tighten wood (I used toothpicks etc).My installation time with taking it slowly was around 2 hours. Fixing all of the stupid problems because of lack of quality control and using extremely bad materials took another 2 hours + I had to go to hardware store to pick up new cam locks etc.I would totally return this if I hadn't spend 4 hours on this and I have to spend another how many hours on re-packaging and going to UPS store whatnot.