We bought this to be a baby monitor, which is clearly how it's marketed.  However, it appears to be a typical IP cam re-purposed and re-marketed as a baby monitor.  In doing so it gets some things right, but not the most important things.  It's kind of like an iPhone being great for everything except making calls.So what are the problems from a baby monitor point of view?1) You can only hear audio from the PC into which the USB dongle is attachedIf you view the webcam via the seedonk website on another PC or via your iPhone/Android, you will NOT be able to hear audio.  As a baby monitor, audio is the most important thing to alert you to trouble.2) The video stream times outAfter a certain amount of time, the video will time out.  Other reviewers have commented on this in detail.  Again, to be useful as a *monitor*, a time-out makes no sense.3) There is no way to attach the webcam to a crib or a wallIt is only designed to sit on a flat surface.  If you happen to have a tall dresser right next to the crib, then you're in luck.  If not, then you'll need to jury-rig some kind of strap for the crib or build something to attach it to a wall.4) There are still far too many bugs (some persistent, some occasional) for this to be reliableSometimes the webcam goes "offline" for mysterious reasons.  If I try to change whether the audio is on or off.  If I try to change the resolution.  It just seems rather flaky.  That's not what you went when using a device to let you know what's going on with your baby.I think this is a promising product (hence the 2 stars), but there's a lot more work to be done before it can really be considered to be a quality, reliable, easy-to-use baby *monitor*.  If you just want to use it to check in from time to time, it's probably fine.  But it should NOT be used as a primary baby monitor -- i.e., a device that would immediately and reliably alert you to what's going on with your baby.Maybe Seedonk would say they define "monitor" differently (as in "occasionally check in", not "constantly be alerted to trouble"), but I think a lot of parents would be misled by their marketing like we were.  To me, a baby "monitor" should provide real-time peace of mind, not just address occasional curiosity to see what's up.