I was a bit disappointed in this product, but decided to keep it, so I'll start with the good stuff...The harness and base can be quickly adjusted with just a push of a button and a little tug.  The harness looks like something out of a race car and it's super cushy.  The base and frame seem to be heavy, steel construction, which I appreciate.  It's also super compact, so I can still use the back of my double cab pickup.  (Our dog likes to lay on the air conditioned floor of the back seat, and he still can with this installed).  The base wasn't t-o-o hard to install, with the great tilting arm and level indicator, although I did have to use my teeth to hold/ keep the seatbelt from locking while I did everything else... it went in sooooo tight, safe, secure, and solid that I didn't mind having to pick dog fur out of my teeth afterwards.Now the bad.  The newborn padding was okay, but the regular padding behind it was minimal.  And if there's side-impact protection, then it's coming from the styrofoam shell, because there's nothing whatsoever on the sides (an air cushion, latex foam, etc.) to cushion any side impact... I really would have expected some high-end padding at this price point.  The fabric was scratchy and very synthetic feeling, nothing I would enjoy sitting on.  The seat itself is basically a piece of foam with thin plastic over it.  It came covered in advertising stickers and yet, ironically, there were no directions, aside from the tiny illustrations on the carrier itself, and since I've never used a car seat before, I was incredibly confused (and intermittently panic stricken).  Fortunately, (with a little digging) I found their website (on their box, not on google) and a manual in the US (not UK) section.  Oddly, there was no base instruction manual for the UK, where I clicked first.  My last complaint-- THE (blasted) COVER DOESN'T COME OFF!!!  It attaches to a lip around the styrofoam shell, and when I gently pulled up the edge to see if it was removable, the styrofoam lip BROKE!  So I guess I'm gonna have to put a lambskin over the seat to protect it from leaky diapers.  Not a big deal, overall, but one milk/formula spill on this seat in a hot car, and it would probably be GAME OVER.As much as I paid for this car seat, I have a hunch that I will be shopping for a new one sooner rather than later, once the baby arrives and outgrows the newborn insert.  I doubt any child would be comfortable on a barely-padded hunk of styrofoam, and we do love our road trips.  I'm hoping that adding a lambskin will cushion it more but, again, for this price, I don't feel like I should have to add anything..I'm keeping it because its compact, easily adjustable, and seems super safe.  I'd give it 5 stars for the base and harness.  The seat itself is cheap (1 star) .  The manufacturer ought to be ashamed of themselves.  For this price, I think it's unacceptable NOT to have a removable cover.  There's absolutely no reason it couldn't attach to the plastic housing instead.