Some thoughts after a few days of use:Good:- Compact size.  Much more compact than the previous Skip Hop bag we had been using for the past year and a half, but still with a lot of usable space due to the DSLR camera bag style design, with a boxish type shape which allows you to squeeze quite a lot of stuff into this small bag.- Zipper top.  The top has two zippers that close the top flap and works very well.  Easily zips open and close and there's a little velcro flap that covers the zippers when closed for a nice touch.- Lots of pockets.  The various pockets are useful for separating out your diaper bag gear.  We found that the side pockets fit three Epi-pen Jrs perfectly which we always carry around for emergency and want separated from the other gear for quickest access.  The other side pocket fits a wallet or small purse when my wife uses the bag, and the big front pocket fits some books or other relatively flat items.  The main compartment is one big area without any additional pockets or dividers, but it's fairly small anyway so there wouldn't be much room for that anyway.  We stuff the diapers, wipes, jacket, hat, pacifiers, favorite stuffed animal, and some other small items in there.  On the back side there is a pocket without a flap.- Non-feminine design.  Good for dads who aren't thrilled to carry pastel colored bags with floral patterns.Bad:- Fairly cheap construction/design.  It's pretty clear when you first gaze upon this bag that it's not a high end bag.  The design is really utilitarian, which is fine, but some cheap design/construction issues.  The velcro that closes the flaps are very small, and so you have to close the flaps with some care to make sure that it closes securely.  Not a big deal but larger velcro would have been nice.- Poor strap/connection design and no shoulder padding.  This is the worst part of the bag.  The strap is non-removable which is a shame because it also does not have any padding.  I've never used a bag without padding and you can really tell after a while because you're quite aware of the strap causing some fatigue on your shoulder aside from the weight of the bag.  Also, the straps connect via cheap and flimsy appearing rectangular connectors, instead of something more round like you see on DSLR camera bags.  Apparently, some people have thought that this connector design makes it more likely to fray the fabric that connects the connector to the bag.  It's too bad that they cheaped out with this aspect of the bag that will likely shorten the lifespan of the bag.Overall:A decent bag that seems slightly overpriced given the cheap construction/design.  I would have been happy to pay twice as much for a more solid bag that would be more comfortable to carry and more durable over the months/years.  It's an okay bag for now though, and much better than our super bulky Skip Hop diaper bag we were using before.