Over the past couple of years I have heard lots of people rave about the Skip Hop line of infant products.  Up until this past week I had not personally used or evaluated any Skip Hop products so I was excited for the change to check out what they had to offer.  Based on reviews of other Skip Hop activity gyms I was expecting this product to impress me.  As much as I wanted to love this cute little activity mat, I just don't.With my three oldest children I have used play mats from Tiny Love (I highly recommend their playmats--they're the best!) and Bright Starts.  I love the Tiny Love activity gyms and while I thought the Bright Starts activity gym was ok, I like it far better than this one from Skip Hop.Before I list all the reasons why I dislike this activity gym let me tell you what I do like about it.  The color scheme and design of the activity gym is pleasing to the eye.  The safari theme is gender neutral and the muted colors mean this toy will not look like a bright eyesore in the middle of your living room or the baby's nursery.  The rattles that come with this toy are cute.  They will attract the interest of babies.  The play mat has patches, flaps and a squeaker for added sensory and tactile experiences for baby.  A nice perk of this activity gym is it comes with a little tummy time pillow to help prop your little one up while he or she is on his or her belly.So what don't I like about this toy?  Well, first off the play mat itself is small.  Because it's a circle you loose a lot of area that you would have with other brands of play mats. Compared to the Tiny Love Gymini Move and Play Activity Gym this one just doesn't compare size wise.  The toys, because of their many textures will be near impossible to surface clean if your child were to spit up on them.  If you have a baby with reflux you know how important it is to have toys that can be cleaned easily.  I found set up for this activity gym to be more difficult than the simple set up for the Tiny Love and Bright Starts activity gyms. Once the arches are attached to the play mat I found that the mat does not want to lay flat and is very puffy in several places.  What I dislike most about this activity gym is the inability to get it to fold up for storage when not in use.  With Tiny Love and Bright starts you can easily fold the gym for storage.  because of the way the arches are set up on this activity gym you just can't collapse it for easy storage between uses without detaching the arches from the play mat.  So with this activity gym your options are to leave it out on the floor or take it apart between uses.  If you live in a small space or have several other children in the house you aren't going to want this baby gym lying about all of the time.Overall, it's a cute gender neutral activity gym but I don't think it's worth the price or the hype.  I'd look into play mats from other manufactures before making a final decision on which one to buy.  This wouldn't be one of my top three choices for an activity gym.