Well my son is 7 weeks old and we've used this thing less than a dozen times. My biggest disappointment is that ALREADY the motor that turns the birds has pooped out. You can hear the motor trying to turn in there, but the birds don't move anymore. I've barely had it and it already died. I tried to change the batteries, and nothing; so it's not that.This is our first child and we realized something else that makes it difficult. It's a little *too* complex of a setup. I realized that once you set it up, it's not super easily portable outside of the house. I probably would have liked the mat to detach from the poles a little easier so I could use the mat on it's own; maybe for taking it to the park, or throwing it in the car if I'm going somewhere. It's a nice and very soft and plump mat. I was having to go somewhere and wanted to set this up, but with how the thing comes together, I'd have to take it apart. The poles thread *through* the mat, and then hook into the motor. I would have liked the poles and motor to come off the mat a little easier than being threaded through, that way I could just lift up the poles and motor, and then the mat and throw it in my car. If I had another chance, I would have gone with a simpler setup of a stand alone playmat, and a stand alone gym to sit over wherever you put it.The music is annoying, but you can't have it NOT play the music. If it's on, it HAS to play the same 2 or 3 little songs. Many times I just want the lights and movement, and want to play my own music for him. Can't do that, and that alone makes it lose 1 star. The music will drive parents insane eventually.PRO's:Soft and Plush mat with soft bunny pillowIncludes a mirrorNice natural muted colorsVariety of clip on toysCON's:Motor died WAY too quickly. I guess I have to contact Fisher Price?Can NOT play the lights or movement WITHOUT the music. If it's on, it's playing the SAME damn 3 tunes over and over.Cannot easily detach mat for use on it's own. Doesn't come apart easily for travel.