I wish this stroller was more perfect. I paid enough for it that I think it should be beyond perfect. I guess I will go top to bottom.Handlebar is fine, but when you fold the stroller, it dents and tears the foam on the handle. The dented and torn foam really bothers me. And I think the stroller should fold without tearing itself up.Next, the sunshades. I love how big they are. I love that they go really low. You can completely cover a kid from the sun. It is fabulous. However, when they are not in use, and pulled back, the clear plastic bits hang down on the kid's head. Not just big kids. But toddlers have to put up with the sun shade literally on top of their head.It does have 5 point harnesses, which I like. They are easy to adjust. You can put a very small baby in those harnesses. I easily put my four month old in them and he was held securely.Seat back does recline. However, it reclines with a belt type system. It can be kind of annoying when you are trying to lay them back when they are at that almost asleep point. There is just a lot that has to happen and you'll be moving and jerking them around a bit. There is a small mesh pocket on each side of each seat. You can fit a small handheld fan, a paci, or a sippy cup in those pockets. Kids can't really get those things in and out themselves, but you will have a place for those small things.Foot rest area. Unlike the other Bob double, this one doesn't cover the wheel with the foot rest. You have the feet area, which bends legs down. And then you have a little plastic piece covering the wheel. This is not a good scenario. Sure, when they are too small to put their feet down it is fine. But when they grow, they grow fond of trying to kick the wheel while it is moving. Bad bad bad. Also, the foot area is waterproof fabric. But the water collects on the top. Same for the seats. If they spill a drink in there- not fun. The water puddles and will not go anywhere. You have to flip the stroller over to get the water out. If it rains, the sun shades will keep most of the rain off their body, but the water collects in the foot rest area.Front wheel. It does not pivot. This means that to turn the stroller, you have to put pressure on a wide turn OR push the handle down, popping the front wheel up and turning only on the back wheels. Neither is super simple or easy. The wheel sometimes pops loose and you have to put it back on. The lever to attach and detach the front wheel just opens sometimes. Or a kid kicks it. Either way, it comes loose and the wheel gets loose. The cover is just thin plastic, so I do worry about it breaking. Kids 3 and up can reach to put their feet on the wheel while it is moving.Under storage. It is large, but a little difficult to access. It is also waterproof, so when it rains, the water collects in the basket. If you spill a drink under there, it just stays in the basket. There is no divider between the sides, which is nice. But it is still difficult to get things in and out. With a kid reclining, it is almost impossible.Rear wheels. They move and shift. It is so weird. I had one almost pop off while my kids were in the stroller. I just never trust them much.Brakes. Terrible. Seriously. It only brakes the front wheel. The front wheel slides. So the brakes only slightly slow down the stroller and don't actually stop anything. Going down a hill with two kids in the stroller- just pray because that will do more than the brake will.The side suspension thing won't adjust. At least, I've never managed to get it to move.It does fold small enough to fit in the back of my van. Even without removing the front wheel, I can get in in the back of the van. Now, not much else will fit back there with it, but it does fit.No cup holders. No snack trays. No accessories. All that must be purchased separately.I wanted to love this stroller. I have waited years to be able to buy this stroller. I finally convinced myself it was worth the price tag over cheap double strollers. I hate to say it, but I was wrong. I feel like I completely wasted my money on this thing. It is barely functional. Certain aspects were very overlooked in this design. It has no vents in the fabric for draining spills or rain. The areas where the wheels attach are not holding well for me. The brakes are terrible. I really wish I hadn't settled on this particular stroller. This is my fourth double stroller (I've also had a triple and five or six singles during that time) and while it is better than some of the cheap ones, I never felt such buyer's regret. For the price, I expected it to be so much better.