Getting a good baby monitor became a priority for my wife and I when our son arrived 6 weeks early. As a premature baby he suffered from the risk of apnea, (where he stops breathing) so we had to have something that would let us hear if he was in distress.After getting fed up with constant static and feedback of lesser monitors, we decided to bite the bullet and buy what most websites consider to be the "Top of The Line" when it comes to monitors.Some of the features we were impressed with:* DECT.* Long Range.* Adjustable sensitivity.* "Talk" function that allows you to talk from the parent unit to the baby unit.* Night Light.* Physical size and looks.When we turned it on we were amazed by its crystal clear sound, complete lack of static and the adjustable sensitivity. I was sold - this was the perfect monitor for us! Until we discovered a design flaw that renders this unit more of an "Alert" than a "Monitor".As previous reviewers have pointed out, the unit is equipped with a "Silent Mode" that in essence turns the baby unit's mic off when there is only ambient noise. (As a side note, this silent mode is not referred to in the manual, and the customer service agent at Philips had never heard of it and told me the unit was faulty.) The idea is that the baby unit will not broadcast ambient noise, but come to life when the baby makes noise over and above what the unit deems as ambient. In theory this could be a neat feature, but in practice it's an unacceptable safety hazard. My wife and I ran tests with the unit, and could not reliably get it to pick up noises - I could stand outside my son's room and hear him coughing and spitting up but the parent unit remained silent. No matter what the sensitivity or volume was, it was the same story. I even exchanged the unit once to see if it was a defective unit as the Philips rep had suggested, but it wasn't.Without this flaw this is a 5 star, best in class, excellent unit. However, as you can't turn off the silent feature, it's a one star safety hazard for babies that truly need monitoring.If you are looking for a unit that will simply alert you when your child wakes up, then this could be a perfect unit for you. As a monitor however, I am thoroughly disappointed in it.**UPDATE** I have since spoken with another Philips representative who explained to me that all Philips monitors (except the SCD600 video monitor) have the "Silent Mode" feature. The way that it works is that the mic turns off after a nominal amount of time with only ambient noise, and only comes back to life when the baby-unit detects sound that would register a 4 out of 5 on the light scale. That first sound is a trigger and wouldn't be heard. All sounds less than a 4/5 will go unnoticed, and the first 4/5 sound will not be transmitted. This feature can't be turned off. The rep could offer me no explanation as to why this feature is not mentioned on their website, the monitor box or the manual.