UPDATE 3/12/11-  Original review below, but here is a major, MAJOR update.I'm dropping my rating because of the most recent development...  They've been compromised by the little terror they were meant to stymie.  At 20mos our son is still in the "pull everything out of the cabinets and drawers" mode, and as of this morning he can defeat them.  Once he got one open, the rest followed.  Now we're stuck with having to pull all of these off and move on over to magnetic locks.I certainly still stand by my earlier comment that these are hilariously expensive (amazing that they cost nearly twice as much as magnetic latches, of which we have some already)...  Even more so now that they're completely useless.  With this type of lock you basically have to hope that your child stops trying to get into the drawers BEFORE he/she figures out the mechanism.  Good luck if you choose this option, which is great while it lasts but once they figure it out they are utterly and completely useless.  As of now I can't help but stare at our (approximately) $165 worth of "locks" and curse our luck.  I think I'll take it down to 2 stars, actually, because of this massive and now fruitless investment.ORIGINAL REVIEWI initially purchased one box (6) of these to test out, and now have 24 of them installed...  If that tells you how confident we are in them.  When properly installed they are solid and will take a HUGE pull to break open.Complaints about the adhesive not sticking really make me scratch my head...  The clip we have in our main utensils drawer in our kitchen is SO well-stuck that it has actually pulled the laminate off of the inside of the drawer face (if I have time I'll upload a photo).  I've used the included screws for that particular latch as backup...  No other solution for that drawer.I give only 4 stars because the installation is so finicky.  Once you get the hang of it you can install them quickly and easily, but the first few are touch-and-go.  I also recommend you start out only installing one or two that you will use frequently so you get the hang of how much clearance they'll need, then install the rest so you don't end up with ALL of your locks a hair too high or a hair too low.  I've found that installing the large portion on the door/drawer first makes the most sense.  Align it so that the "tip" of the hook part on the clip just grazes the surface it'll lock behind, then install the backing (the L-shaped clip) after that.  This will make the clip produce and audible "twang" when you close it, which means it'll take a deliberate push down to get it open.Also make sure you have some good double-sided tape handy so you can re-install any latches that you goofed up on the initial application.  This will save you having to employ "colorful metaphors" when you realize the latch needs to be moved...  Because, as one other reviewer mentioned, they will NOT move, not even a micromillimeter, once they're on.I think these are hilariously expensive for what you get, but I guess I can't argue with the results.  Our toddler has yet to get any drawers or doors open that we have locked down.