I would actually give this item 3 1/2 stars. It has some major faults, all of which can be overcome for a price. We have been using the Summer Day and Night for the last 3 years and wanted to upgrade to digital for the privacy (we were seeing our neighbors' kids way too often). I did a lot of reading and chose the Safety 1st Prism for the following reasons:-Volume control is on the side of the parent unit, not lost in a menu-4x zoom feature-Excellent video quality * (One camera we got had a terrible blurry picture. We ended up swapping it for a different camera and it was fine.)-No interference from things around the house (Summer tended to have a lot of static)-Night vision is impressive, very clear (better than the Summer)-2.5" color (during the day) display-Video on/off button right on the frontSome things I don't like:-BATTERY LIFE = PATHETIC If you want to use this for more than about 2 hours it is not portable, has to be plugged in. Maybe I could buy a better battery?-Short power cords on the cameras, about half the length of our Summer ones. You will not be able to mount this camera anywhere close to the ceiling without an extension cord.-I cannot use two cameras with one parent unit. There are too many negatives. If you have two cameras and want to monitor both of them, the parent unit toggles back and forth every 10 seconds or so. Fine. But then if one of your children is about to do something you need to see and it switches to the other camera, there is no quick and easy way to jump back to the other camera. You have to go into a menu to change this, which takes longer than 10 seconds. There should be a camera toggle button somewhere to quickly take you to any camera you want to see. Safety 1st really messed that one up. Also, for us, when the parent unit was toggling between two cameras and the video is turned off, the audio goes off, too! This does not happen with one camera hooked up to one parent unit. But with two cameras on one parent unit the only way to keep the sound on continuously is to keep the video on continuously. Ridiculous.-No quick way out of the menus. You have to back out of the menus. There is no button to push that will take you directly to the video again.-Temperature feature is pointless and inaccurate.-I would prefer the audio had a wider range. It would do well to have quieter lows and louder highs.-The blue lights. VERY bright. Easily solved on the camera by putting a sticker over it (not sure if this would interfere with the video quality by depriving the camera of more light). The parent unit also has a bright blue light that pulses when charging. I simply have a soft cloth on the night stand and put the parent units face down. This blocks the light and the speaker is on the back of the parent unit anyway.-Does affect our download speeds, but only when the parent unit is on and it has not caused any problems so far. We have experiments with changing the channel on our router to try to compensate.So to sum it up, I would recommend these video monitors; however, we have a dedicated camera and parent unit for each of our children. We have VOX turned off, video set to always on, and then use the video on/off button to control the video. It seems like Safety 1st thought this out reasonably well as a single camera system and NOT AT ALL as a multi-camera system. Yes, buying two complete systems is more expensive but the other options were unacceptable to me (Summer Best View - screen freezing issues, Lorex - no way to keep sound always on, many others have inferior video quality). After sorting through all of the mostly unacceptable options, this was the only option for us that was acceptable in any configuration.