My little one is a cuddler and starts howling the minute I put her down, which was cute at first, but after awhile the novelty wore off and getting things done around the house became impossible.  I bought the Moby wrap after reading all of the reviews on it with high hopes of using it all of the time.  While I have used it and my babe does like to be in it- it is such a pain in the butt to use for short instances or after car rides, when due to the sheer amount of fabric and complex wrapping makes it not worth the trouble- plus it is impossible to keep it off of the ground- which I feel is gross and unsanitary.  It is a great solution to put on at home and then wear on walks, but I was looking for a more practical, easier to use option.  I looked at every possible version of the Baby Bjorn and Ergo.  I chose this option because my baby was too small to go into the new Bjorn comfort option and the I didn't like how the Ergo needed the infant insert, as well as it didn't offer the front facing option.  Plus, the price was right and I loved the color options of the Bjorn Spirit- I chose the Pearl Gray- a nice neutral that will work for my daughter and if there is a son in my future.  So, to make a long story longer- I bought the Spirit.  It is super easy to put on and adjust and my little one seemed comfortable in it- she fell asleep in it the first time we had it on.  My main issue with it- as is everyone else's- is the lack of back support.  My baby is on the minimum of weight and height of being able to wear her in this carrier, and my back was already hurting!  Mind you, I am fairly strong, 5'8'', and on my way back to my pre-prego weight, so there is nothing abnormally large or small about me by any means to indicate why it was already bothering me after such a short time- no pre existing back problems, either.  So, that was a huge downer for me!!!  I plan on using it, though, still just for the convenience factor and then investing in a new carrier when she gets s little bigger and there are more options available to us.  More than likely, I will end up with the Ergo- for the back carrying option and it's much raved about comfort and support.  Bottom line- if you are on the fence, give it a shot... it is fairly inexpensive, comes in great colors, it is very easy to put on and take off, and it offers both front and back facing options.  Then, when your little one gets a little bigger, buy a carrier that can also be a back pack carrier- like the Ergo.  In my opinion, once my daughter gets a big enough to be in a backpakc carrier- I probably won't want to wear her in the front anyhow- no matter how comfortable the carrier claims to be (plus it solves the problem of the Ergo not having the front facing option)- hope this helps someone!