My wife and I purchased this monitor 2 years ago for our son's room and didn't want to spend a ton of money on a video monitor.The monitor have good range and coming with 2 receivers is nice to have so that there is always one in the bedroom and another "floater" to take around the house.  Unfortunately, the monitor has a constant buzz or hiss sound coming through it at all times when on. Its a double edged sword.  The buzz can take getting used to at first, but afterwards lets you know its actually communicating.  After long enough, you don't even notice it and its not a big deal at all.A big positive for the monitor is that it is quite sensitive and picks up noises in the room quite well, you hear subtle movements and load sighs from the child in the crib as well as getting a light up indication.  The overall sound quality of what comes through is clear and there is not problem with distinguishing noises from the child.As for the connection to the base.....We have had no issues with range.  The base for us was placed in my sons room on the second floor and I routinely take the receiver into the basement or outside while doing yard word. In both of those scenarios the monitor communicates continuously with no breaking up until I reach the back of our yard.  When the connection begins to get lost there will be a beep from the monitor to let you know there is no connection from the base to the receiver.There is one factor to note about the connection.  Given this model is a bit of a "cheaper" monitor, there is no ability to change the communication frequency.  So during times of heavy wifi traffic or when our microwave is running, the monitor cuts out.  This is an important note for those who would routinely stream wireless music or movies to a device as that would cause a transmission interruption.  Not a huge deal for me as I connect any device to an ethernet cable if heavy download/upload traffic is necessary.Now to that blue light people complain about.....the light from the power button is barely noticeable and the lights on the sound indicator are a little bright, but that is a GOOD thing.  You can mute the receiver and still easily see a sound indication via the lights in bright or low lights.  It really is no issue at ALL.Overall, its a decent "no frills" baby monitor for those who want just that.  Its what I was going for so I am not disappointed with the purchase in anyway. Its just worth noting the frequency interruption from wifi traffic and background static for those who rely on wifi networks and those who would be sensitive to white noise.