DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! Incredibly poor quality and absolutely awful customer service. We received this crib as a gift along with the matching dresser. I spent a month going back and forth with Eden Baby trying to get this crib fixed or replaced and after pieces of the wood chipped off because of terrible craftsmanship, they told me there's nothing more they can do and won't replace. It's too late to do anything with Amazon as it's past the return date and it was a gift, so now we had to buy another crib.First off, the pre-drilled inserts do not stay in place. As I attached bolts and tightened exactly how the instructions state, the bolts got stuck and as you tried to tighten, the inserts came lose and woudl not separate form the bolt. The inserts then came right through the wood, cracking the rails and the crib as there was nothing I could do.The bolts are poor quality and don't fit the allen head wrench well, so the bolts get easily stripped. The bolts are incredibly odd sizes so you cannot replace them easily or at all. I search high and low and finally found ones but by that point the damage was done to the crib.Eden Baby seems to be a one person team, and Helen, who answers the phone and emails is clueless. She makes you jump through hoops to prove the item I received was a gift and was from who actually purchased it, rather than just help me with the item. I took pictures of the crib, the boxes the crib and dresser came in, the instructions, the warranty card, and she just told me that Eden Baby products are often knocked off so she can't confirm if it's a real Eden Baby product. I'm sorry, but who the hell is knocking off a small company that no one knows about?For a month we want back and forth on the issues. I sent pictures, she apparently didn't look at them. I broke down the issues and she clearly didn't understand what I was saying. She finally sent me replacement bolts after trying to get the crib together and the inserts were coming through the wood. This is all after the pack of bolts, washers and allen wrench were missing from the box to start with and took two weeks for her to get them to me because she basically wanted a background check to make sure I wasn't scamming Eden Baby for some cheap screws.After sending me replacments bolts when the first batch didn't work and the inserts came loose and I sent pictures of damanged wood and pre-drilled inserts, she told me to get some wood glue and glue back all the inserts! I'm sorry, am I a carpenter? Am I supposed to build this crib from scratch? If that was the case I would have cut a tree down and built the thing, but no, a crib was purchased that looked nice and was a gift so we could have no worries putting our nursery together for our daughter expected to arrive any day now. Apparently, that didn't move the needle for Helen either. She could care less we were in dire need of a crib, while she put me through the ringer fixing the crib.After gluing inserts back in, things started to work better and I glued the cracks (even though it made me nervous how sturdy the crib would be). Then I started attaching the other sides to the crib and guess what! The inserts in the pre-drilled holes all started moving in all eight holes, four on each side. One bolt I tightened as normal and seemed fine, but all of a sudden it cracked through the wood and broke a huge piece off the crib. I sent pictures and another email to Helen. She send me a few paragraphs of nonsensical crap that basically twisted my words, restated stuff that was not relevant, accused me of having a fake product and said she couldn't help me anymore. I responded back to her immediately and she never got back to me. We then had do buy another crib from a REPUTABLE company from Amazon.Also, I just got to putting the rails on the dresser and we had one bolt than just spins in place when tightening. The others worked ok, but this one just doesn't catch and the insert just spins. Luckily the other 7 bolts and inserts caught fine, but another indicator of the poor quality. One final thing, the wood scratches easily and chips easily so beware.