Feb 2017: At 20 months old, my daughter now can climb onto this chair herself. I suppose this happens with most children and most chairs. :) We use this for every meal and it's alright now, despite my previous disappointments in the tray design. We retired the tray and now just push the Pixi up to the table, always using the safety harness. I'm so glad she can't open it herself, though she loves clipping it closed. Over the past year we have used smocks, bibs, and towels over her lap to help corral lots and lots and lots of dropped food. Since relocating, I no longer need to fold up the Pixi after every use, but I like that I'll be able to store it easily.January 2016:I should have listened more carefully to what other reviewers said about how this fits young babies. My daughter is 7 months old and definitely one of the bigger babies for her age group, and upon placing her in the seat restraints and putting the tray in position, my formerly cheery mood about the cute Pixi immediately sank. If she is placed with her back to the back of the seat, there is a sizable gap between her belly and the tray, roughly four inches. If I loosen the restraint a bit, there's still a gap. I'm not sure that it would be wise to loosen the restraint to the point where she could sit flush with the tray, which would require that I also place extra support/padding behind her back. My daughter feeds herself and a lot of food drops straight from her mouth, or from her hands before it reaches her mouth, and I can just imagine how much food will end up in her lap/bib (where she won't retrieve it) instead of on the tray. My heart is still sinking with disappointment. The Pixi is a great size with a useful compact fold, attractive design, a great price, easy assembly,  and it appears to be a relatively easy-to-clean. The restraint is tough to adjust, but I think that's a positive for safety. Also, with the tray removed, I could slide the Pixi right up and under my kitchen table (the Pixi's height to the top of the crotch bar piece is 28.5"), except for the fact that I have a pedestal table (Ikea) whose wide base prevents the Pixi from sliding up flush to the table edge.