These diapers work well, but I have to use two at a time to get the necessary thickness. They are a bit small (they shrink after washing), so it was difficult to find a fold that would fit my baby. All of the videos I found of how to fold flats start with much bigger flats and usually fold them into quarters. I could not do this with the Gerber flat because it would be far too small. I found the Gaynor's fold for girls[...] to work for my 6-week old baby. Instead of folding the flat into quarters, I double the thickness by laying two flats on top of one another, then proceeding with her instructions from where she has folded her flat into quarters. I use Dappi vinyl pants with them. Super cheap and they keep in the mess! I was worried that they would irritate my baby's skin because of a lack of airflow, but she has not been bothered by them at all. When she just has a wet diaper, I rinse the vinyl pants, hang to dry, and then use again. They don't have to go through the wash after every use. Overall, these Gerber flats work, but they are not my first choice in flat fold diapers.Pros:- Absorbency is good, as long as I use two flats per diaper.- Much less expensive than many other cloth diapering options- 100% cotton. Washes and dries quickly and easily. (I have had some staining, but I'm told that that is mostly inevitable. They are clean, which is really all that matters.)- If they don't work for you they can be used for a soaker or about a billion other things around the house (burp rag, dusting cloth. etc).- Flats can be folded differently to fit your individual baby. Babies aren't all the same size and shape, so it's nice to have ways of customizing the diaper.Cons:- Having to use two per diaper means I really only got 5 diapers out of this deal, not 10, so figure that into the price.- Too small! I don't know how much longer these diapers will fit on my baby. I can always use them for other things but if I had to recommend a flat diaper, these would not be it. I ordered 12 birdseye flats from Green Mountain Diapers (size large) and am much happier with those.If you are thinking of cloth diapering, don't get discouraged by all of the things you read online. It can seem intimidating, but it is worth it. For me it has been trial and error, but when doing this with flats and/or prefolds, it doesn't cost that much to try a few kinds. I may be odd, but it's been kind of an adventure to find what works for us.