We have gone through three of these strollers and they all broke and had major problems!  Do not buy this product!1.  With our first Britax Esprit Stroller, the elastic that holds the hood onto the frame snapped, the handle bar fell off, and the pull string recline mechanism broke.  Britax had me ship the broken stroller back and replaced the stroller with a new one.2.  With the second stroller, the front left wheel did not work properly as it did not turn with the other wheels of the stroller and again, the pull string recline mechanism broke.  Again, I sent the old stroller back and Britax replaced it with a new stroller.3. With the third stroller, the FRAME by the rear wheel BROKE WHILE MY CHILD WAS IN THE stroller!We were away on vacation, and my husband was pushing the stroller and the frame just snapped (the frame, about 6 inches above the right rear wheel, broke off the stroller).  He fell on his rear and the stroller fell with my child in it.  Luckily, my husband and baby were okay, although my baby cried from the abrupt shock of the fall.Since we were on vacation and did not have an operable stroller, we had to replace it and purchase a new one and leave the Britax one behind.  We could not bring the broken Britax stroller back home with us as we were traveling by airplane (I did however strip the stroller of its seat and took the large piece of the broken frame with the wheel attached to it back so that Britax could see exactly where it had broken).Upon our return, when I contacted Britax and informed them about our traumatic and dangerous experience with the Esprit, they told me "they couldn't do anything for me" since I didn't have the "entire" stroller.  I tried to explain the circumstances, but they didn't care.  I would a least think that they would want to see where the stroller broke (the point of the structural failure).  I cannot believe how unresponsive and uncaring their "customer service" was and how uninterested they were in their failed (and potentially dangerous to others) product.This stroller should be recalled.