I was excited to find a reasonably priced all in one cloth diaper with velcro to make it more convenient. However, after receiving it, I am not impressed. While they are what they purport to be, the quality and execution leave much to be desired.The outer material has cute colors and prints but is very thin and plasticky. And although it feels like plastic, it becomes cold and damp when the diaper is wet, as if wetness can seep through. There is NO ELASTIC on this diaper. I repeat NO ELASTIC. Very unfortunate that it is missing something so vital for proper fit and containing blowouts. In addition, the velcro tabs are tiny compared to the size of the diaper. With no elastic and small tabs it can be tricky to get a good fit. The velcro is not very strong and my 9 month old has no problem undoing the tabs and pulling the diaper off. The tabs also come undone in the washing machine. The inner design is a bit strange. It is has both thick padding inside the cover and a flap attached on one end with space for an insert. All together it is very thick and bulky without being particularly absorbent. My Thirsties AIOs are far more absorbent while being much trimmer.The flap gets in the way during diaper changes and my 9 month old squirms so it can be really annoying trying to position it properly.I cant imagine trying to get an insert into that little pocket either. Maybe it reduces drying time to split up the padding?Overall, these diapers are functional but I find them unpleasant and annoying to use and the quality is questionable. I don't hate them but I would not purchase again. Thirsties AIOs may be more expensive but not  ridiculously so, and in comparison they have better quality materials and are much softer. They have a more functional design and are a pleasure to look at and use. They are not nearly as bulky but are more absorbent and keep my son feeling comfortable and dry. And he can't get them off. I plan to buy more Thirsties to replace these Kushies over time.