First, let me say the things I love about this stroller. It's very stylish, it's very roomy, and it's very light compared to my Teutonia travel system and much easier to get in and out of the car. But it's also surprisingly sturdy and doesn't tip over, even with a fairly heavy diaper bag on the back. I love the deep recline and so does my 16 month old - she sleeps easily in this stroller. I also love the canopy, it's probably the largest I've ever seen on a stroller. And the maneuverability is great - the one-handed steer is very useful for the mother of a toddler.Now the cons. Previously the bumper bar jutted out horizontally from the frame and had a central crotch strap. But, because of silly parents putting their kids in the stroller without strapping them in, some children got stuck trying to climb out of the stroller so the company had to adjust the design. The new bumper bar angles up and has no crotch strap. The net result of the angled up bumper bar is that the stroller does not fold any where near as compact as it used to. This has been VERY frustrating for me since the compact fold was the primary reason I chose this specific stroller. I also dislike the fact that the basket velco disengages every time you close the stroller and you have to reconnect the velcro tabs each time you open the stroller. In an ideal world it would only take a few seconds to reattach them, but given that I'm usually holding a sleepy toddler, a diaper bag and my car keys at the time it's less than ideal since I can't put the diaper bag in the basket and then deal with the baby, I have to do it the other way around. Surely there is some kind of elasticated system they could have used that would have given it the flexibility needed for closing the stroller? Another con is that it doesn't come with a cup holder and every cup holder I have tried has to be removed in order to get it to fold in a relatively compact way. Because of the shape of the handle (if you were looking at a cross-section, it's sort of angled, rather than a smooth circle), it's difficult to get after-market soft cup holder to work. The angular cross section of the handle also means it's not all that comfortable to hold for long periods of time - again a smooth handle would have been much nicer.All-in-all a very well made and stylish stroller with a few unfortunate design flaws. Do I like it - yes. If I could go back in time would I have chosen this over some of the other strollers I short-listed - probably not.