So my husband being a car buff wanted a Recaro for our second baby when I insisted on having a Diono Radian RXT for our first child.  His reasoning is that Recaro manufactures race car seats, so why WOULDN'T you trust them in keeping your children safe?  I thought to myself, true, and I wanted my children rear-facing for as long as I could get away with so I wanted to make sure the limits on the car seat would last a while, and this convertible fit the bill.  We went with the Euro version of this seat because it was on sale at the time and was significantly less than the American version.  This seat is true to its brand name, well built, sturdy, and most importantly a very easy install.  Lets not forget its cool factor and prestige of having such a highly revered brand protecting your child.  I rated this seat 3 stars for a few reasons.1.  Head rest cushions -  I read other reviews warning about how the head rest cushions are not attached.  I figured for the price difference, I could learn to live with it.  Wrong!  I am so annoyed by the fact that I have to lift it up every single time before i position my child into this seat!  My husband suggested I get some adhesive velcro to fasten the pads so I wouldn't have to worry about it, but with us constantly strapping in and getting out there's no way it would stay and hold up.2.  Height of the seat when rear facing -  As I mentioned, I wanted my children rear-facing.  Again, I ignored those who warned against how high this seat is.  This is a very high seat and I'm very petite standing at 5'0.  When I have this seat rear-facing in the middle of the back seat, there are all kinds of blind spots rendering my trip probably even more dangerous than having my child forward facing.  My fix was to have my younger child in the Recaro positioned behind the driver's seat, and the Diono rear-facing in the middle.  Not how I wanted it but it was the best solution.3.  Height and bulkiness of sides - My car seat tech of a friend suggested against this seat for me for my first child because while I was shopping for my first, I was also pregnant with my second.  She insisted with me being so small and also being pregnant I would have a hard time lifting my toddler into the seat and strapping her in.  I went with Diono for my first for that reason.  Fast forward to baby number two who uses this seat.  I'm no longer pregnant and its still difficult for me to strap her in rear facing.  The sides of the seat are so high I I have to lift her so high to get in and compared to my Diono, it just takes up so much room.4.  Incline - I know its sitting at a proper incline, it just doesn't look like its proper.  My baby's head is flopped forward when she falls asleep in the seat because I feel the incline is too upright.  My car seat tech insists its at a right angle.5. No Easy Adjust harness - This Euro version's harness needs to be re-threaded, you cannot easily slide up and down as the American version.  Not a huge deal breaker for me since I'm used to it with the Diono.So why do I still give it 3 stars?  Overall, I like the seat, it just doesn't fit my needs.  I can't stress enough how well built it is and how easy it is to install.  I can achieve a tight and secure install of this seat all on my own.  Although I much prefer the Diono, I need my husband's help to get a tight fit while installing the Diono.  I also like the fabric, its very easy to clean and breathable material.  Now that my first born is a little older, we are forward facing her in the Recaro and switched baby number 2 into the rear-facing Diono.  It's much better suited forward facing for me.  Now I don't have any blind spots, my daughter seems to be extremely comfortable in it, and she tends to like the height of the seat because she can see out the windows better when driving.  However, if I was going to buy a seat for a child forward facing, I would've just went with the Recaro ProSport instead of the convertible.