I really wanted to love this bag because it is so freaking cute and the concept was super cool (and I love my gadgets), but it's just okay.  I used it weekly for about 2 months with my baby in a waiting room while my older son was at a class.  I also took it on vacation with us a couple of times.  I mainly used it as a secondary toy bag and used a separate diaper backpack.  One note: due to the durable material, this is a little heavy for its size.  I was looking for a toy bag that my baby could play on and I bought this and the Lay-n-Go.  Neither fit my purpose...the Lay-n-Go is too large (and surprisingly heavy..although not much heavier than this, I think) and this has the jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none issue.One of the biggest problems for me is that the large metal clips that connect the straps are on my shoulder when I carry this bag.  I am confused as to how no one has noticed this because it hurts my shoulder pretty badly after a few minutes or so, especially if the bag is weighed down with toys.  The clips just naturally end up on the shoulder due to the design.  I don't think the clips are even necessary because I actually prefer to keep them connected (making a smaller circle than the mat) because it makes a rim on the bag, which helps prevent toys rolling off of the mat when the baby is on it.The second problem is that once my son was able to crawl off the mat, it wasn't much more effective than a duffel bag.  I considered this problem before purchasing the mat, though, so it's not really the fault of the mat.  It ultimately stopped being useful about a month after my son started crawling and has been sitting in the closet for the last few months.There are some pros, though...because the opening is flexible, it can truly hold a lot.  I used it as one of my carry ons on a few flights and I was able to fit all the baby toys for the flight, my ergo, and my travel boppy (the one that folds) "into" it (the boppy was coming out of it, but secure).  I cursed it every step as the metal clips dug deeper into my shoulder, but it did work.  I also found it fairly useful when we went to the pool because it is waterproof and held a lot of towels/toys, so it made a relatively nice place for my son to play.I debated selling this bag, but decided to hold on to it to see if I can come up with some other use for it.  I thought it might be good for small picnics or something, but I have a skip-hop portable picnic mat that doubles as a stadium seat and I think that's more useful and easier to use than this.  I'll try as a beach bag/pool bag this summer and see if that might be the best fit.  I purchased a strap cover for the clips which kind of works, but looks awful and need to be undone in order to fold out the bag.  If I come up with a better use for this bag, I'll let you all know. =)