DON'T GET ME WRONG... My husband and I love the Koko set... it's beautiful and femenine without being too obviously "girly."  We saw it and totally fell in love with it.  The bumper is thicker and more padded and soft than most other sets in this price range, it is a little "mature," in terms of design and color palette, but I think in a very good way.  It goes well with a white crib, a chocolate brown crib, just about anything.  I was not upset, as some people were, that the photo was misleading (the blanket looks sheer and shiny, but is in fact matte and flanelly).  The whole set SHOULD have been a five-star affair.But after setting up our crib, and starting to decorate Baby's room with all of the Koko pieces, and getting out hopes up, we were shocked to find that the Crib Sheet (called "fitted") did not appear to FIT.We have a standard sized crib mattress (28x52).  I read the instructions; they say not to use the Koko bedding set with anything that is not "standard sized."  Fine.  But our mattress is.  The Koko Fitted Crib Sheet wasn't even close.  There was nowhere near enough elastic in it; it fell about two or three full inches short.  My husband and I pulled and tugged at it for 15 minutes.  Ends first, corner to corner, we tried every combination.  The ends of our fingers turned red, then purple.  At one point, my husband was using his entire (and not inconsiderable) body weight to try and leverage the crib sheet in the desired deirection and get an extra inch of stretch out of it.  No dice. When I tried the same thing, I hurt my fingers so bad that I had to let go suddenly becasue of the pain, and I slipped and fell, and one of the diamonds from my wedding ring ripped across one of the wood slats of our (pine, soft wood) crib, leaving an ugly scar.Eventually, with help from KidsLine and Babies R Us, we honed our technique, and got the sheets to fit.  But it just doesn't seem like it should have been that hard!  WE GOT SOME GREAT HELP FORM BOTH KIDSLINE AND BABIES R US (IN UNION CITY, CALIFORNIA -- GO THERE IT'S A GREAT STORE!)