After a little over a month of pumping and using the Kiinde system and traditional pumping into bottles and transferring to bags, here's my take on the Kiinde Twist pumping system:If you don't mind having to put the adapters on your pump then it's great to be able to pump directly into the bags. However, they are grossly off measurements. What looks like 3 oz in the bag is barely 1.5 oz. you have to really stretch the bag to flatten the bottom part so the milk goes all the way to the bottom to get close to the appropriate approximate volume. I also ended up pumping into a bottle for one breast and pouring into the Twist bag because I wasn't pumping much on one side to justify pumping directly into the bag.The bags are sturdy, can stand up on their own and are easy to seal, so that is a plus.The bottle nipple adapter didn't work for us. My daughter hated the Kiinde nipple and when I did find a nipple she liked the adapter kept coming off the bottle. It is kinda large and awkward to hold. Also, you can't really see how much milk is left in the bag because the adapter part hides it. We ended up just using the Medela bottles so we have to transfer from the Twist bags anyway.I'm posting a picture of the Twist bags in my freezer. The tray on the left is the lid to The First Years milk storage tray that's on the right. All the Twist bags you see filled up more than half the storage tray. There are six Medela/Lansinoh bags in the front of the storage tray and they (filled with 3 oz of breast milk or more) take up less space than the 6 Twist bags in the front of the lid with 2 oz or less of milk. The lids of the Twist bags make them harder to pack together flat if you're limited on space or have to pump a lot to build up a stash. Kiinde makes a holder for the bags but I didn't purchase it because it doesn't appear to hold many bags.Also, it is true if you've seen other reviews, that you can't really store more than 4oz in the Twist bags due to expansion during freezing.I thought about trying the Twist bags for puréed food later on, but I feel putting food in them might be a hassle. All the Foodii thing is, I think, is a plastic bottle with a funnel so you can squeeze it into the bags. That and with the extra storage space the bags take up, it might not be worth me trying.Overall, if you think you'd like the convenience of pumping directly into bags, using the bottle adapter, and have the extra storage space, this works like it's supposed to.