Summer infant is the worst! It's completely unreliable and inconsistent and their customer service sucks. This is the 3rd SI monitor i have had. The first (different model) went haywire after only a couple months and i was sent out this model as a replacement; it performed better than the original and i ended up buying additional monitors to add to it. About a year later the screen broke so i bought this one as a replacement. It arrived and never worked. The up/down arrows on the side did not function at all, so i couldnt add my monitors to it. I wrote the company and it took them forever to respond with their warranty questions,  then another "forever" to respond back to my reply. My replacement monitor just showed up yesyerday and ITS THE WRONG MODEL!!! Again. I told their customer service exactly what model i had, and that it was important i get the same one since i have already purchased additional monitors for that special model, but did they care??? Nope. So now I have a new monitor that functions, but my 3 additional cameras that i purchased are not compatible with it rendering it pretty much useless since i have 3 rooms that i want it in. I went back and started messing with this one i purchased on here to see if i could get the damned up/down buttons working and miracoulously they did, but honestly, it's such a shoddy product that i have no idea how long it will last.Basically, while its extremely frustrating that these products are unreliable crap, it's even more upsetting that they are made by a company that couldn't care less about their customers. This is the second time over the past 3 years that I've had issues with their monitors and had a different model sent out as a replacement,  but this last time i specifically stated that i needed to get the same monitor back and still they did not care. This is the 3rd monitor from this company that has gone on the fritz for no good reason,  and the same number of times that the company has offered pathetic customer service.So, would i recommend this product,  or any summer infant products to others?  Absolutely not!  As a matter of fact, id tell anyone who'd listen to avoid these monitors and company at all costs unless you wanted a major headache when dealing with non functioning products.