A number of the reviews on here are not based on long-term use and don't have any comparison to other stainless steel leak proof bottles, so I decided to contribute. My family used Foogo bottles for approximately four years. I've owned approximately ten--$200 in kids' bottles, sort of depressing, but I digress. We recently switched to Contigo. Contigo AUTOSPOUT® Striker Chill Stainless Steel Kids Water Bottle, 10 oz., Sapphire, which is also a ten ounce stainless steel kids' bottle. Here's how they compare:1) Leak-ProofThe Foogo has decent leak-protection. I'd say 90%. I find one leaking only about twice a month, often because my three year old couldn't close it correctly or I didn't seal it up with the mouth piece well enough. Occasionally, it is the bottle itself and then it can't be fixed and you have to buy a replacement.  But Contigo never leaks.Winner: Contigo2) Ease of Handling for a Small ChildMy children are used to Foogo. However, the Contigo has a handle that can be attached to straps or grabbed easily and the button to open and close is much easier to use.Winner: Contigo3) Size in LunchboxThe Contigo's handle makes it harder to fit in a lunchbox, although not a huge deal for most people.Winner: Foogo4) Ease of CleaningThe Contigo has a much more complicated system inside, as you can see from the photos. That is what makes it so leak-proof, but harder to take apart. With the Foogo, I just took apart the component pieces and ran them through the dishwasher. With the Contigo, I occasionally boil it for good measure, which is an extra step, though I have never actually found mold in either.Winner: Foogo5) Replacement PartsThis is what drove me away from Foogo. I was always losing those inner straws and you cannot buy them. You have to independently call the company and order them five at a time. 1-800-831-9242 during business hours. That worked a couple times, but then I encountered long wait times. I tried emailing (consumer.service@thermos.com), but wasn't comfortable sending my credit card information on unsecured email, so I was told to call back and wait again, or gather all the model numbers and mail order with check or money order to Thermos LLC, 355 Thermos Rd, Batesville, MS  38606. Ain't nobody got time for that. With Contigo, you just order on Amazon. Contigo Autospout Water Bottle Replacement Straws 4-PackWinner: Contigo