I've had this chair for about a month, and it's pretty nice.  I'm not sure it's worth twice as much as similar glider chairs, though.Pros:1) This is the only chair I could find that reclines and rocks at the same time.  That's actually really nice, and the reason I decided on this one.2) It's just big enough for me to lean my head back comfortably (I'm 5'10 -- if I were 6', I don't think it would work for me), but small enough that my 5' wife doesn't feel swallowed in it.3) The cushions are sufficient.4) The gliding motion is smooth and quiet so far, and the mechanism seems put together well enough that that shouldn't change anytime soon.5) It's genuinely comfortable (almost on par with my favorite recliner, and may be nicer as it gets broken in).  I think I could sleep in this chair, which I expect I will do sometimes once the kid gets here.Cons:1) The arm cushions are lousy.  They're only attached by being velcroed around the arm, and then a little flap hangs down.  I haven't been able to adjust them in any way that doesn't leave the velcro visible.  They look and feel like something from a much cheaper piece of furniture.2) Assembly was way harder than it should have been, and harder than the manufacturer even seems to have realized.  The instructions say to attach the top half to the bottom half and the attach the handles, which would have been a piece of cake if it had actually worked that way.  The major flaw here is that the handles for the recline and position lock functions are attached with ridiculously chintzy plastic split tabs.  Using these in an ostensibly $800 chair is bad enough, but the really annoying thing is the slots they had to be shoved into were blocked by the frame of the chair, so I had to disassemble part of the gliding mechanism to fit them in.  You may find on your chair that the handles are placed at a slightly different angle and you don't have to deal with this, but the problem could be avoided altogether by just attaching the handles with bolts from the outside, which would also be sturdier.3) The price.  This chair looks and in some ways feels like it was assembled with an allen wrench.  I've had more than my fair share of pre-fab furniture, but none of it cost anywhere near as much as this. This thing may end up being super durable and totally worth the price, but right now I have my doubts about that.Bottom line: If you can get this on sale at Amazon, it's probably worth it, but I would never pay the price they're asking at Babies R Us and then wait for weeks to get it.  I'm unclear on why anybody would ever do that.