I ordered this highchair after hundreds of hours of researching other kinds.  Ultimately, I didn't pick the one rated highest for being easy to clean, durable, or having multiple functions.  I bought this one because it reminded me of the one I was in as a child.BIG MISTAKE1-ASSEMBLY-what another reviewer wrote about plactic being stuck all over it is correct.  A ton of time was spent trying to pull it out and it all never came off2-VERSITILITY- The way the chair sits and the straps are makes it hard for a young child to sit in it. When my daughtrer started eating solids at 6 months we had to roll up towlel behind her.  Now at 13 months the straps hold her back too far to reach her food if I have them on tight enough to keep her from turning and standing3-CLEANING- It is almost impossible to keep this high chair clean.  It is certainly not wipe and go.  The straps are ribbed in a way that food gets ground in and can't come out.  My solution was to take it out on the deck every few days and wash with a pail of soapy water and a sponge , rinse it, and then let it dry outside.4-QUALITY- About a month ago the back of the seat started seperating from the back.  This left a gap for food to fall in and made it harder to clean.  Another review mentioned this problem as well.Now after just those four issues one would think I would have been fed up enough to send it back.  But no, I still loved how it looked in my kitchen and have so many pictures of my daughter in it, I was willing to work with the flaws.  So, I emailed Dream On Me's customer service aboutthe seat ripping.  I sent them my invoice and pictures.  Their response was that for $20.00 they would send me a new seat cover.  Insert gasp here!  I responded questioning why I should pay for their defective product, 2 days and no reply.  I replied again stating that I was still waiting for a response, still no reply.  So, now 3 days later I have returned the item through AMAZON, who has amazing customer service.  UPS will be coming tomorrow to pick up the high chair.  I'm sad to see it go but mostly frustrated that Dream On Me does NOT stand behind their products.