TLDR Summary:Visit this blog a user created for lost people like myself, which made us solve the puzzle of this product and saved our baby's sucking.The product will be confusing for a new user or those who used the starter kit before and this guide explains the concept of the "milk tube" and the "air tube" which is vital to get used to this product.http://watanabe.fastmail.jp/sns.htmlLong Story:Our baby has been doing great so far into the 5th week, gaining nicely and having no problems with sleep/pee/poop/drink cycle. Until the lactation consultant warned us that we have been relying too much on the bottle and in a short amount of time our baby's sucking would not be enough to create enough milk (even with pumping with hospital grade pump every 2 hours). He told us we need to get the medela supplemental nursing system.Before this happened around 3rd week, my wife was given the starter SNS in a lactation class and we tried using it. It was a nightmare to get the baby to latch with it and we stopped using it after my wife burst into tears with frustration.The starter SNS is great in its simplicity (relatively speaking) and the fact that the membrane allows the air to go back into the milk reservoir, which lets the novice user understand that the baby is getting the milk. If you are able to latch your baby with the tube without issues, you are going to have a relatively easy time with the starter SNS. The problem is the product is advertised as 24 hrs only and in a few times of use we saw reduced amount of milk coming through it as well as deteoriation so I told my wife we need to brave the full Medela SNS.The Problem:Unlike the starter SNS, the Full version does not have this membrane function where the air is going into the bottle as the baby sucks.The result is, after a few sucks, the babys closed-suction creates this pressure into the bottle (because the air cannot flow back into the bottle) and the baby is now fighting against this suction!  Imagine taking a bottle of water and trying to drink it without letting any air inside. After a while the bottle gets crushed to make up for the space lost and when you release your suction it fills with water and water is flowing again. Well, the baby cannot do this and the bottle is not crushable plastic! We would start with a 3 ounce bottle, 2 minutes into it the level would go down a little then it would stop. The baby and mom would get frustrated and we would go back to bottle, vowing to try again tomorrow when everyone feels better.The Miracle Save:The guide tells you to keep the second tube closed while it is on the second breast. The guide is WRONG. The second tube has to be used as the air - valve to let air back into this whole equation! The correct way to use this product is to let baby drink from one Milk Tube, and when the suction problem starts, release the second AIR tibe so it gets some air, and this way you see the bubbles going in! IOnce enough air isin you clip the AIR tube again and you rinse and repeat this according to your needs (if you are a parent like us trying to get stronger sucks, you do this every X minutes, if you are a parent who just wants some milk to go while the baby nurses but dont care about stronger sucks, you leave the AIR tube open FULL TIME!)Where I read the miracle save?http://watanabe.fastmail.jp/sns.html  <= this random website I saw after seaching on google "medela SNS no bubble".Thank you original author of that website/blog for posting it.I never wrote a amazon product review before, we are a prime member and we probably purchased hundreds of products already but I wanted to save the tears and frustration we went through this life-saving and nerve-breaking product.ONE STAR OFF because of poor guide which does not explain this air managementONE MORE STAR OFF because the lady on the customer support DID NOT EVEN KNOW that the full SNS comes with two tubes and she kept putting us on hold and asking other people and reading me the same lines from the manual that comes with it :(((