I am both a mother of 3 (and 1 more on the way) and also work in pediatrics.  I used this sleeper for my 3rd child and loved it for many reasons.  She slept great in it....by far my best sleeper, which what mom doesn't love!  It is portable, which made it easy to keep by my bed at night but move around during the day.  However, we were using it for both daytime and nighttime sleep and I did start to notice some flatness on the back of her head.  By that point she was 4 months old and needed to be transitioning into a crib anyways; the flatness resolved once we started using the crib more.  Overall I have very mixed feelings about this sleeper.I am involved with a program that evaluates children with torticollis and plagiocephaly.  I have probably seen several hundred babies with these conditions and I can count on 2 hands the number of times the families have used the rock and play sleeper.  This sleeper does not cause either condition, but I feel it can exacerbate it.  Torticollis is neck muscle tightness that causes a child to look in 1 direction and tilt to the other direction.  I feel the tightness is typically a result of inter-utero positioning. I would say the majority of babies are born with a preference to look in 1 direction.  When lying on their backs, newborns can only hold their head midline for a few seconds before turning it to 1 side.  Typically, if a newborn is placed in a variety of positions (ie being held, tummy time, "worn" in an infant carrier) the neck muscles stretch out and there is no problem.  But some babies have such a strong preference to look one way that torticollis develops, and then they get a flat spot on the side they prefer to look towards.  This flat spot is called plagiocephaly.  If the flat spot is in the back middle, that usually means there is no neck muscle tightness and the child is simply spending too much time on his or her back.  If the flat spot is to 1 side, the child probably also has torticollis.Torticollis and plagiocephaly were virtually unheard of when children were placed to sleep on their bellies.  I am of course in full support of the back to sleep program, but parents need educated that when babies are awake they should spend very little time on their backs (or in a swing, bouncy seat, car seat etc) to counteract the fact that they sleep on their backs.  With regards to the sleeper, I think one of the "issues" is that babies DO sleep so well in it.  The cradled position makes them feel like they are being held and they just sleep better.  My own baby slept great in it and I have loaned it out to other moms who had poor sleepers and they all said it instantly made their babies sleep better.  But because the baby sleeps so great, he/she spends a lot of time with pressure on the back of the head, and the head area of this sleeper is very poorly padded.  Also, in a flat bassinette, the baby may be able to actively move his/her head more and roll from side to side more than in this sleeper.  The cradled position of this sleeper can cause a child with some existing neck muscle tightness to remain in the tilted/turned position during sleep.With the above being said, I still do like this sleeper, esp for fussy babies that won't sleep on their backs.  It can be a lifesaver for sleep exhausted parents!  But I feel there are some precautions and I share these with any families I know use the sleeper.  I would only use it for EITHER nighttime or daytime sleep, not both.  If using it for sleep I would not use it for any awake time. Also, if you use this sleeper, do watch the back of your baby's head (but this should be happening no matter where your child sleeps as infants can get plagiocephaly from sleeping in a crib/bassinette) as well as his/her head position while in the sleeper.  Make sure your baby gets lots of tummy time when awake.  If you do notice any flatness/tightness developing, discontinue use and talk to your pediatrician immediately...it is much easier to treat and correct torticollis and plagiocephaly in an infant (preferably before 4 months of age).