My son has a nice Fisher Price booster seat and I wanted something similar for my daughter to take along when we travel.  All of the Fisher Price boosters on Amazon seemed a little boy-ish for her, so I decided on this chair, which looks a little cuter at least.  I know Summer items can be a little cheaper/flimsier, but most are at least adequate, so I figured this would work okay.  Wish I'd just gone with the blue Fisher Price chair.Pros: Relatively portable and easy to cleanFolds a little smaller than the Fisher Price modelLooks like it would easily fit the smallest baby up to a large 3 year old or even biggerAttaches easily and securely to any chairCons:When collapsed, the tray doesn't attach to the rest, so you've got 2 separate pieces to take with.  Not ideal.  The Fisher Price chair folds up with everything together.The back cushion is cute, but it only attaches at the top.  My toddler usually is not too rambunctious, but it still won't stay in place if she moves at all. We end up taking it off because that is easier than constantly trying to straighten it.The tray table is small and an odd shape for eating on.  It fits a toddler size plate just fine, but if you have anything else (say a cup or spoon), there is no room for it at the top of the plate.  My toddler is constantly knocking over her cup or knocking the silverware to the floor because it has to sit right by her hands.  The Fisher Price is square and has a compartment for the cup on the far side from little hands, so it doesn't easily get knocked over.The tray table doesn't really have any ledge, so IF liquid is spilled, it runs EVERYWHERE, including all over the occupant and all over the floor.  The Fisher Price tray has a ledge so that spilled liquid stays on the tray.The tray is not easily removable.  You have to slide it along a set of grooves, where it tries to catch on each of the 3 size settings.  Don't try to remove this tray with food still on it.Not really a con, necessarily, because my daughter doesn't seem to mind, but the back of this seat is extremely verticle, with a sharp 90 degree angle between the seat and back.  Doesn't look comfortable to me, but my children don't seem to mind.So overall I'm wishing I had just purchased another Fisher Price booster chair instead of this, even if it wasn't as cute looking.  When I take the cushion off the back of the chair, this is just a plain white/brown chair anyway.  The problems with the tray table may lead me to replace this soon anyways.  I just wish I had kept the box.  I gave it 2 stars because it is functional and would be okay for occasional use, especially if your child doesn't have an open cup drink.  But if you have a choice, I'd recommend the FP.