I was really excited when I ordered this, as my LO was just big enough to sit in her high chair and play with things while I got her food ready.  Turns out, I shouldn't have bothered.While it's a great toy and she LOVES to play with it... the suction cup is completely worthless.  No matter how well I stuck it down on her tray, it popped right off the first time she gave it a tug.  That said.. on to the good and bad.GOOD:- Well made, for the most part.  The plastic is good quality.  There are no errant marks on it anywhere from the molding process or flaws in the material.  Everything moves as it should.- Bright!  While the listing image isn't exactly true to color, it IS a very brightly colored toy and draws my LO's attention.- Fun times.  We've had this toy for 6-8 weeks now and she still reaches for it regularly.- Pulls out for solo use.  The black and white striped "handle" pulls free of the suction cup and can be used alone.  She also likes to play with the suction cup part by itself, for mysterious baby reasons.BAD:- The suction cup sucks.  Or rather, it doesn't suck.  I can stick it down fifty different times and it never stays put for more than a few seconds after she begins playing with it.  Because of this, it didn't really serve the purpose for which it was purchased.- It's kind of heavy.  And awkward.  This toy is pretty large, as far as rattles go and may be too heavy or unwieldy for babies on the younger end of its age range.- Clear plastic parts are a little brittle.  Hard and seemingly durable, but one of the clear plastic balls cracked when my LO threw it onto the floor from high chair level.  While one might say "Well clearly it's not meant to be thrown around," I'd have to say... really?  It's an infant's toy.  It should be made to stand up to infants.  All babies throw things.That said, I wouldn't buy it again... based solely on the fact that the suction cup is absolutely worthless.  If it were marketed without said suction cup?  It'd be a rad toy.