First of all, let me start by saying that I'm probably a little biased in my review.  Our first convertible car seat that we purchased was the Chicco NextFit and to compare those 2 seats really isn't fair.  Just based on the price difference alone you know they won't compare.  We absolutely love everything about the NextFit, especially the ease of install and how comfortable and safe it seems for our daughter.  We wanted a car seat for our 2nd car.  She does not ride in that car as often so while we were very happy with the NextFit, we didn't want to spend that kind of money.  I read about the cheaper options on Lucie's List (if you haven't checked out this website for product recommendations for babies and toddlers, I HIGHLY recommend it) and obsessively read reviews for a few weeks.  This seemed like a decent choice.  Honestly, I should've sent it back after opening it.  When we got the car seat out, it didn't seem near as comfortable or safe as our other car seat.  However, I assured myself that it would be comfortable enough and that all car seats undergo the same safety requirements so we installed the seat in our car.  Below are the reasons that I really can't stand this car seat:1.  InstallationInstallation was a nightmare.  We were spoiled by the Chicco LATCH buckles that easily buckled into the LATCH bars.  This seat has clips.  Which was fine to install, but the tightening strap was a terrible.  My husband and I never felt like we could get it tight enough, even with both of us working together.  By the end of installing it, we were both sweating profusely and still didn't feel like it was completely secure.  Then, once the straps were tightened, it was impossible to loosen.  In order to take the car seat out with the clips, you have to pull the strap forward a bit to be able to unclip them (as opposed to just hitting a button like a seatbelt with our NextFit).  Well if you can't get the straps to loosen at all, this is practically impossible.  Thankfully, we only had to remove this seat once, but it was awful.2.  SafetyNot only do I feel like it's not a very safe seat after being installed, but it's VERY hard to get the buckle straps tight.  When you pull the strap to tighten the seatbelt, it constantly catches and stops.  When it stops, it often looks like it's tight, but if you yank up on the straps you'll see how loose they are.  You then have to pull REALLY hard to tighten it further.  I've almost forgotten to pull on the car seat straps a few times after the tightening strap stopped and if I had, my daughter would have been very unsafe.  This would've been my fault I realize, but I hate that it stops because sometimes as a parent you are just distracted.3.  ComfortI suppose our daughter was spoiled by the memory foam in the NextFit, but she does not like this car seat.  She never fights getting put in the NextFit, but if we try and put her in this seat, she is not happy.  There also aren't any pads on the straps so the straps cut into her neck.  There have been multiple times where she's had red marks on her neck after riding.We tried this car seat for over 1 year, trying to convince ourselves that it was fine for a 2nd car.  We went into Toys R Us the other day and noticed that they were having their car seat trade in where you get 25% off a new seat when you trade in an old one.  I still didn't want to spend the money on a NextFit, but I also didn't want to make the same mistake.  We looked at the seats in person (which I didn't do last time) and knew we wanted something that looked a little more comfortable, had strap pads, and had the LATCH buckles as opposed to the clips.  We found the Graco MySize 65 and after installing it last night, we are SO happy we got rid of this car seat.  Sorry for the long review, but I obsessively read reviews when making large purchases and I wanted to give a full review of why we do not like this one.