As noted elsewhere, the image quality is very good, both during the day and at night when the night-vision camera kicks on. Like other reviewers, I was (initially) annoyed that you can't turn off the vibrating or beeping option when your child makes a noise. The customer should absolutely have that option. That said, I've come to really like having the monitor give me an auditory alert (vibrating/beeping) when my child is crying or waking up enough to talk to himself. Contrary to what a few other reviewers have said, you DO have the option to turn on sound all the time, or to mute the microphone and only hear what's happening in the room when the noise level rises above a certain threshold that you set. When we first started using the monitor, I assumed I would want to have the microphone on and the vibrating/beeping off. Since you can't turn the vibrating/beeping option off, I went ahead and tried muting the microphone and relying exclusively on the alert function. We've found that this is really helpful at night when we're not woken up by normal baby sleep sounds but are alerted to any baby unhappiness. We also haven't had the range be an issue, even when the baby is asleep on the 2nd floor and I'm working in the basement (like now, for instance).My chief problem with the unit is that leaving the monitor plugged in all the time destroys its internal rechargeable battery, while routinely pulling out the charger connection for working around the house during the day and plugging it in at night for sleeping eventually caused the connection to break 5 months in. When the connection did break -- a 2 cent piece -- we got zero help from Samsung's customer service (probably the worst customer service I've had in awhile, and that's saying something). Because it was a gift and we had no receipt, we ended up buying it again... which is a testament to how much we liked it before it broke but also a point of supreme irritation to me. The connection on our new one is starting to act just like the first one did, but at least this time, we kept the receipt!