The playard I have is the Graco Pack 'n Play® Playard with Newborn Napper® Station LX, the link is here:[...]The manufacturer dimensions for the playard are 40" x 28.5", so if yours matches these dimensions but have different colors/features, the fit should be the same.When I was looking at reviews, I found differing opinions on the fit of the mattress. Some said it was perfect, some said there was a large gap. The mattress does drop neatly into the base of the playard (I removed the bottom mat that came with the playard before putting the mattress in). However, the mattress is far from snug. It fits, kind of, but it is not a perfect fit. Without pushing the mattress off to the sides, there is a gap around the edges of the mattress and the sides of the playard. Since the sides of the playard are flexible, you can't really measure the width of the gap. Around 2" if you don't force it, 4" if you do. So the gap is not big enough for a baby to fall into and get stuck, but it is definitely not snug like a crib mattress is to a crib. So while you're looking at the gap and wondering if it's large enough to be a risk, there's a giant warning tag on the playard that warns not to use any mattresses that did not come with it.I tried putting the mattress about the playard pad, and I tried putting the playard pad on top of the mattress.  This does not resolve the gap. I will try to upload a picture showing the gap of the mattress and playard, if I can figure out how.Edit: I uploaded an image showing the size of the gap.Bottom line, it fits the Graco playards, but not perfectly. If you're ok with a small gap around the sides of the mattress, then it will be fine for you.About firmness and the plastic-y sound:The mattress is all foam, and pretty firm.  Since baby mattresses are supposed to be firm anyway, I didn't feel like it was too much. The baby should not sink down into the mattress when laid on it, and she doesn't. The mattress does have a plastic covering, but I didn't hear it make any noise when she shifted around on it. It's not like it's that plastic stuff that some people use to protect their couches, it's a much smoother plastic.Now for sheets:The regular Graco Pack n Play sheets do not fit, they do not accommodate for the 3" depth of the mattress.  You can squeeze the mattress into it if you try, but it will warp the mattress.Graco Pack 'n Play Sheet, Grey  <--- These do not fitThe American Baby Company 100% Organic Cotton Interlock Fitted Pack N Play Sheet does fit perfectly. The manufacturer dimensions for the sheet are 39" x 27". I would recommend these sheets, they are organic, very soft, and a decent price.American Baby Company 100% Organic Cotton Interlock Fitted Pack N Play Sheet, Natural <--- These fit