First, I'm going to copy the "features" list found on the tag that comes attached to the toy.  It reads:  "try my snap, button, fabric fastener and buckle! - I have a fabric pirate sword in my pocket - I have a parrot friend! - zip and tie my shoes to help you learn!"  They didn't come right out and LIE about it, but the following list of PROS and CONS will help clarify what you REALLY get.PROS:~  Adorable from top-to-toe!  He has a really cute face, an attractive & colorful outfit, & the eye-patch & the parrot are nice touches, too.~  Well-made, mostly (Please read the list of "CONS" for further info).~  The selection of fabrics look AND feel great.~  The snap & button work well, & the pocket with the button is a real, usable pocket.Adorable?  Yes...no doubt about it.Interesting to my child?  Nope...chalk up one FAIL for the parents, but there are other, more tangible issues to be aware of.CONS:~  About the "mostly" part regarding how well made the toy is, here's the deal...THE BUCKLE.  It only LOOKS like a buckle; it performs in no way like one would expect a buckle should.  It's an over-the-shoulder strap with a faux, plastic, non-buckling buckle, with a tiny square of Velcro (or "fabric fastener" as they must have to call it) located on the underside of the strap.  Educational?  Barely.  It's been used maybe three times, and the stitching along all but one side of the Velcro square is gone. It's now a flap of Velcro rather than a patch.  Having said that, the rest of it is so well made, I have to believe this might be a fluke.~  It's way more petite than I thought it would be.  There's not much to work with, really.~  The zipper shoe is only 1 1/2" long.~  The laces -that can't be used to lace- are only 4" long, thick, & awkward with which to work.~  I don't get the purpose for the dagger other than decoration.  It's attached to the inside bottom of the pocket with a thick piece of elastic so when you try to pull the dagger out, the pocket gets all scrunched-up.We'll keep it because we have a "thing" for pirates, and it's a really cute doll that looks good on the shelf.