I have been using these pads since the birth of our daughter in June 2015.  Overall I have really liked them as they are super soft and incredibly absorbent (especially the overnight pads).  I want to share some important feedback though for the overnight pads in particular.  I noticed that around the 6 month mark of using the overnight pads that there was a small dark spot, even after washing, but ignored it.  Shortly after, I then noticed that there was a slight "firmness" in the center of the pad, even after washing, which made me a little suspicious.  I recalled reading one review on here that stated that her pad grew mold, but I continued using the pad.  At this point (9 months of usage of the pad), it now had a very distinct firmness in the center of the pad, even after washing.  I also could clearly see a dark haze.  So I decided that I needed to cut the pad open to see... (please see photo).  The pad most definitely had been growing mold.  I know this is gross to see and think about, but it's important you ladies know that this is possible with these pads over extended usage.  It's also a bit unsettling because I'm unsure of any health risks to my baby because my nipples have been in close proximity to this mold for many months - but I'm grateful she's not had any unexplained medical issues at this point.  I have also read that this mold can cause breast thrush - but I have never had that issue either.(FYI, I would wash my pads when they would get soaking wet from leaking, but sometimes I would go a few nights with the same pair if it was only small leaks.  In addition, when my pads would be thrown in for washing, they sometimes would sit there in the hamper for up to a week until I did a load - so I fully admit this could have contributed to the mold.  I only had 2 pairs of the overnight pads, and only do wash about every 2 weeks or so, so that's why I would use them as long as I could before washing them).  Lesson learned...So, in closing, I think these are great pads.  But when using over the long term, definitely monitor them for a dark haze and firmness as that most likely is mold in the inner layer.  To prevent this mold, it seems the best course of action is to wash them the same day they become wet in any way.  But this might be unrealistic for most moms, unless of course she has many pairs of these.  Hope this helps!