UPDATE:I have downgraded my review from 4 to 3 stars. I have had this stroller for about two months now. While I still use the stroller frequently, there are some issues that I have encountered:PROS - Many of the stroller's "selling features" - i.e. the large canopy, the HUGE basket, the price, the maneuverability - still hold true. I am still pleased with these aspects of this stroller that I noted in my earlier reviewCONS - THE SQUEAK! A previous reviewer complained that her wheels began to squeak, mine have begun to do this as well. It is annoying, but not an end-all be-all issue. - The stroller does not fold completely flat. However in its defense, it stands on its own when folded (for this alone I give it bonus points). - Adjusting the seat is a pain. When my child is in the stroller, it is difficult to move her up and down without disturbing her. Again keep in mind - this is a cheap stroller - so I knew what I was buying. - Opening and removing the tray is difficult. The stroller has these tiny buttons that you must press to unlock the tray. It is SO HARD to press the button and open the tray with one hand. There have been times when I have been holding my child and could not get the tray to open in order to put her in the stroller. This is a hassle and especially frustrating when you are in a hurry or have a wiggly toddler. - The seat belts are quite difficult to adjust width wise on the stroller. Also, the crotch strap is not padded and over time begins to dig into my child's crotch. Not comfortable and she complains.If I were to purchase this again I'm not so sure if I would. It was definitely worth it on our trip, but the stroller has started to lose some of it's appeal after a few months of "real" use. If you are looking for an everyday stroller for your little one, I would suggest this stroller if you are on a budget, but if you can afford it, purchase something a little nice and more convenient.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I needed a stroller to take on a family vacation and to use for errands. I didn't want to buy a pricier and nicer stroller due to the fear of it being damaged by airline baggage handlers. I spent weeks scouring the internet for a stroller that fit the following criteria: - Under $100 - Lightweight (15 lbs and under) - Large and easily accessible basket - Large sunshade - Great maneuverability - Reclined close to 180 degrees (flat) - Could be used up to 40 lbs. - Handle height comfortable for my 6'0" tall husband and my 5'2" self - Folded easilyIt was really difficult to find strollers that met all my needs. After reading reviews on nearly every website that sells strollers, it seemed like this one fit my criteria the closest. So I ordered it and hoped that it would fit the bill. I have owned this stroller less than 1 month, here are my thoughts so far:PROS - The Price! For $65 this stroller has features that umbrella strollers just can't match - Easy to assemble - Lightweight (not feather weight but I can easily lift it with one hand) - HUGE basket/storage that is easy to get to (even when child is reclined!) - Seat reclines nearly flat (about 150 degrees) - comfortable enough for napping - Very easy to push/drive with one hand - Sunshade is actually big for a "cheapie" stroller - Easy to fold (BUT needs two hands - see CONS) - Fabric can be wiped clean easily - Compact enough to leave space in the trunk of my Toyota RAV4 for tons of other things - Looks nicer than other "bargain" strollers that I came acrossCONS - Seat is a bit thin, not enough padding (but my child has not complained and this is easily fixed by buying an insert) - Seat belt feels cheap but capable of doing the job - Child's tray is high - Sunshade is difficult to close (gets stuck) - Two hand fold (but it can be done while holding my child) - The seat recline is adjusted by one sliding buckle making it a bit difficult to change the angle of the seatKeep in mind that this is not a Maclaren or a City Mini - it is not going to have the same construction or craftsmanship. It is a stroller that performs ABOVE the basic level and has great functionality without costing a fortune.So far, I am pleased with my purchase. It fit my criteria without breaking the bank, handles well for daily use, and did great on our trip (mostly city touring and indoor activities).