It's not really "amazing."I used this liner in the stroller for the first time today (in about 80F weather), and it was fine at first. But then my baby fell asleep in the stroller when we were at an indoor mall. After about an hour, I picked her up and felt that her back was sweaty. Then I felt the liner and it was warm where she was sitting, emitting heat. And then I thought "Of course!" In some of the company's responses to these Amazon reviews, they say that the pad is not meant to have prolonged exposure to heat, and that if it's more than 86F outside, you should refrigerate it first. But out of necessity, the liner is going to have prolonged exposure to your child's +96F body. So your child's body heat gets absorbed by the liner, and the liner is unable to continue keeping your child cool. It's only good if your child is on the liner for a few minutes at a time, but certainly not for an hour. I decided to strap my daughter to me with a carrier and let the liner cool down again. After about another hour, it was cool enough to put her back in for our trip home.So, yeah, it's not magic, but it's also not even reasonably close to the claims that it will keep your baby from getting sweaty in mild temperatures. It's fine. Maybe not worth $50. If they could drop about $20 off the price, I'd say it's worth it.Also, for anyone checking, I used this in an Uppababy Vista. It fits perfectly.UPDATED 7/14/14: I've used this several more times since writing this review (in an Uppababy Vista and G-Luxe), and I stand by my rating. It keeps cool for a little while, but then absorbs the heat from my baby. And between her body and the stroller, there's nowhere for the heat to go. So she does eventually become more uncomfortable than with no liner at all. We just keep her on the Geleeo until it becomes too warm, and then we remove it. It's kind of a pain, but it cools down again after about half an hour and you can put it back in the stroller. (Alternately, you could just keep your baby/child out of the stroller for a while until it cools. But you'd have to do this every 40 minutes or so.)I also tried refrigerating it. When you do that, it can be uncomfortably cold for your baby at first, and the condensation is a bit much. So you have to set down a towel or something to absorb the moisture.I found that the best use for it is not in the stroller at all. On a warm day, we've had her nap on it (supervised). And since she moves around a bit, the heat doesn't get trapped, so it's been able to keep her cool only when laying it flat off of the stroller. But I'm still sticking with the 3-star rating because this just doesn't perform as claimed when using it as a stroller liner.