After continuously cloth diapering from birth to 18 months, every single one of my cloth diapers are going strong and look like they will be able to be passed down to another baby.  Except for these rumparooz.The greatest cloth diapering advice I followed and would pass on  is to not buy a lot of one kind of diaper.  Babies grow and needs change, and you don't know what brand will match your evolving needs.  Before baby was born I bought one each of 10 different brands of pocket diapers, plus a dozen prefolds.  I was initially impressed with the rumparooz and purchased one more.  When baby began sleeping through the night my 2 rumparooz and 3 bum genius 4.0s became my night diapers.  But by 5 months I began experiencing leaking with the rumparooz.  They became more and more unreliable and I eventually gave up with them as night diapers at 9 months; but by 12 months they started leaking badly during daytime too, soaking through even after 1 pee.  Pretty suddenly over the course of a few weeks the elastic completely lost its elasticity, and they became unusable garbage.The rumparooz always fit weird.  Initially with a 6 lb newborn I liked that they were one of the first to fit, but there was always a massive gap in the legs.  There are different configurations for the inserts which makes them complicated and frustrating to try to find the best fit as baby grows.  FInally I decided that, apart from the elastic failing after 12 months, they are just badly designed.The poop-holding qualities of the double gusset is more of a marketing ploy I feel. Any good cloth diaper will contain poop, and the most reliable of all happens to be the cheapest: a prefold with thirsties duo or wool cover.None of my other cloth diapers have failed me in any way, and many are like new still.  For the record the best of all in my opinion is Bum Genius 4.0.  Cloth diapers are expensive investments, spread your risk and don't buy too many one kind.If helpful here is my list of pocket or AIO diapers, from best to worst:Bum Genius 4.0 - all around great, never failed me, good for at night. line dries fastest of all.Happy Heinies - almost as nice as the bum genius but harder to put on.  Nicest looking of all my diapers.Blueberry one size - pretty good, 3rd placegrovia organic cotton AIO - Not for durations longer than an hour or two, but easy to put on when toddler is standing up.  Cotton is frayed from the leg elastic but doesn't affect performance.Best Bottom - easy to put on while toddler is standing up, not for long durationsBum Genius elemental - this is a reliable diaper, but holds wetness next to skin because it's cotton.  I don't like to use it for very long durations for this reason.Kissaluv AIO - Didn't fit well until about 15 lbs, but easy to put on when toddler is standing up. Not the best at containing poop. line dries fast.tots bots (sold as bummis) -  really cute and soft and looks brand new after 18 months of use, however occasional leak problems throughout its life and really hard to snap.fuzzibunz one size - good in the beginning but too small by about 20 lbs.  some issues with leaking over the course of its life.  Difficult to stuff the pocket, probably impossible for someone with large hands.blueberry minky - for some reason ridiculously wide in the crotch. the PUL looks like it might be delaminating, but it functions well and somewhat reliable as a night diaperrumparooz one size - good in beginning but declining reliability followed by complete elastic failure.