We needed something for a potty-trained little girl who would wet the bed on rare ocassion, and totally freak out. She has very sensitive skin and disposable training pants made her break out in a rash. She is 29 lbs and tall (wears a 4T) for sizing reference.I tried just about one of everything, so my reviews of all are below:Blueberry Diapers Daytime Potty Training Pants: I know they say "Daytime Potty Training Pants" but they worked really great for night too. Super absorbant and comfortable according to my daughter. The material inside isn't as breathable as I'd like, but it definitely is absorbant and doesn't seem to bother her skin. These seem to be the best made out of all that we tried and look like they are going to stand up to wash after wash. Elastic around the legs is cloth-covered and fits perfectly. They are a little bit bulkier than some, but not so much that it would deter me from buying again. My only super small suggestion is that they could make a couple more "girly" prints, but my little tomboy prefers blue, monsters and dinosaurs, so for us, it worked out great anyway! I saw some reviews said these ran big, so I ordered a medium and they fit perfectly but with very little grow room. I would say to order based on manufacturer sizing suggestions.Imse Vimse Organic Cotton Training Pants (SL 28-37 lbs) in Zoo: These are my favorite! The inner lining is breatheable and these are very abosorbant without being bulky. Fantastic product! Sizing was a bit confusing; there seem to be a ton of different sizes. Look at the the manufacturer's web site for pound ranges and then search for the size you need on Amazon! Elastic fits great around the legs.Charlie Banana Training/Swim Diaper Large: I found these to run a bit small. The inside is a nice cotton which feels just like underwear. By far the least bulky one I tried. We only had one small accident in these, so I can't tell you how good they would be keeping everything in. The elastic around the legs didn't fit as well as some of the others, just not as snug to keep things from leaking. Cute prints! It's too bad they don't make these in bigger sizes!Ecaware Velcro Waterproof Potty Training Pants (Yellow, Large): This was just a horrible, clumsy, poorly made product. I could list all the bad things, but just buy something else. There are so many better ones out there!