I was looking for a light weight diaper bag with multiple methods to carry it, specifically including a backpack carry. I've used several different diaper bags over the past two years and now have a much better grasp on what I really need as we've now transitioned from babyhood to toddler hood. I'm tired of lugging a huge heavy diaper bag around. I wanted something without structure so it can squashed down into an umbrella stroller basket or under an airplane seat. I wanted it to be flexible enough to be an all day bag for outings or an easy light weight containing  only necessities for errand running type of bag. This Boken bag definitely matches my requirements. It is incredibly light weight all by itself, works as a tote, messenger, or backpack. I love  the ability to be hands free and to distribute the weight across my back in the back pack mode. You can definitely stiff this thing with a lot of  things. It's a large bag for all your needs and yet when you pack it lightly it's just perfect. The reason for the three stars.....1) the zippers are of low quality and the seems holding the zippers are too wide which causes the zippers to catch on them. It's annoying. 2) I would have liked liked to have seen more pockets on the interior of the bag for more organization and to make it easier to find things. 3) all of the holding straps could and should have been made stronger and more comfortable. 4) stroller tabs should be built in to the sides of the bag. 5.) all these things combined lead me to believe this bag is severely over priced. IMO half the cost really. I'm embarrassed I paid so much for it. That said, if wanting a flexible light weight bag is your priority like it was mine, this bag could serve you well.  I could see this bag working out well for beach trips, theme park days, air travel, and for parents with more than one kid to lug gear for.I got the Aqua color and it is a nice gender neutral color. It would be nice to see a gray and pink bag as well. i would love to see these bags revamped a bit to make their quality match the price tag.