My wife and I have a six month old baby boy and around the 4-month mark my wife decided that she would return to work instead of being a stay-at-home mom. We hired an in-home nanny to care for our little boy and the arrangement has worked quite well ever since. Shortly after starting the arrangement we realized that we would need some sort of journal to track our little boy's activities while he was with the nanny and we were working. We used a plain notebook for a period of weeks until we stumbled on the Baby Tracker - Daily Childcare Journal.--------------------LAYOUT AND USE:The Baby Tracker is really an excellent idea. The journal pages are clearly divided into columns for tracking feedings, nap-time, diaper changes, play-time as well as general areas for notes and tracking milestones. The legibility in the Baby Tracker is a huge improvement over our standard notebook entries that really ended up becoming small paragraphs. In a few short moments you can summarize all of the data in the columns in the totals section and determine key information - how much did baby eat, did baby have a bowel movement, how much sleep did they get, etc.There are, however, some frustrating limitations with this journal. First the entire layout is about half a notebook sheet divided down the middle (portrait layout). This constrains entries to very small spaces on each column and row. For much of the information that is okay - feedings can be summarized in ounces; diaper changes by a "#1 or #2" and so on. However, once your baby becomes more active and you'd like to know more than "tummy time" under the play-time column things start to get very tight on the page.Another problem is that this tracker only covers 12 hours out of a baby's day. That's fine if the intention is only to track hours while a baby is with child care providers. However, we really wanted to track our little boy's entire day which often starts much earlier than 6am. Using this journal that would require the use of a second page.--------------------WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(+) Good layout that is easy to read and instantly gather information about your baby's day in a matter of moments(+) High quality paper(+) Consistent quality between the pages--------------------WHAT I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THE BABY TRACKER:(-) Expensive and gets you at most 6-months, less if you use more than one page for tracking your babies entire day(-) The cover is thick but not a hardback and bends easily in a diaper bag(-) The pages should really be bigger. I understand portability is a concern but the current size is entirely too small--------------------CONCLUSION:I ended up making my own format of this journal in a spreadsheet that includes a 24-hour day and more space for comments along with a few other changes and had the pages bound cheaply at a local shop. This is an adequate journal but expensive for what you get and limitations because of page size.