Horrible customer service! The stork craft company does NOT stand behind their products.  I bought a whole set from this company through amazon and each piece arrived damaged (not shipping and handling issues it is how it is packaged).  Stork craft has a parts department that you submit issues online and then they respond with emails needing pictures and original purchase receipt submitted, understandable!  I originally started each of my "claims" on August 2nd, it is September 17th and I am still trying to get the issues worked out and parts sent.  Just to explain, some issues were that parts were simply not included, dents/scratches upon even removing from packaging, and also discoloration (the hutch doesn't match the dresser, the overcoat is spotted).  They also said that the mis-matched color is due to the products being made in different countries, using different wood and stains. The material is also made out of pressed wood so upon assembly, many of the pieces cracked.  As I said, it has been a month and a half since the claims were started and there have been over 100 emails regarding the claims.  I have tried to call the company directly as there is also a number and it is constantly busy, the first time I got through the lady said they were processing the order, the second time I got through I was put on hold for 20 minutes and then hung up on.  Who knows if I will ever receive the necessary parts!I called amazon on this issue and I was told to pack everything up and send it back for a refund or replacement.  HONESTLY!?  First of all, there is no way I am able to pack all the parts back into the small boxes that they came in.  Secondly, I put how much time into this and that is what you are going to tell me?  So then they offer me a measly discount, which let me tell you I had to argue for even the smallest amount and the products are STILL not worth how much I ended up paying.Needless to say, I will continue to wait to get my parts needed but I hope no one else has to deal with this.  Plainly Stork Craft only communicates via email and nothing can be handled that way and Amazon also has issues with customer service and pulling things from the market of poor quality.  We should not be supporting these companies like Stork Craft!!