I was excited when I came across this bag organiser. (I hate the look of most diaper bags but hate bag chaos even more so I had to give in and buy one.) This could have been the answer to my idea of carrying a normal looking large tote bag, but really in secret it was my daughters diaper bag. I also loved the idea that some of the price will find it's way back to the women who actually make these in Indonesia.  Sadly though it's been a disappointment.  Firstly the item didn't look as expected.  I ordered a "lavender" colour which showed a white trim around the top and edges of the pockets and a cell phone pouch. I received a "Dark Purple" bag with only white trim around the outer pockets and NO cell pouch.  (In fairness the company did email me to explain that they didn't have "Lavender" but could send a "Royal Purple" in it's place. I agreed to the "Dark Purple" but still I had expected it to look like the image on screen.)  I have been back to look at the photos used and can see that there is a difference depending on the colour you order.  The "Orange" and "Lime Green" do not show the trim around the top, or the cell pouch and this is how the "Dark Purple" will arrive. (Also note *Beware* that when you select your colour it doesn't always follow you will get that colour placed in your cart.  For example if you click to order the "Magenta" colour you will see that it actually places a "Lavender" colour in your cart. "Lavender" will order you a "Yellow".  I did tell them about this problem when I replied to their email but the problem is still there) The quality of stitching on my bag is also poor.  Threads not cut off and areas where the thread has got knotted up and has just been left.  Overall my bag organiser looks a bit cheap. The white trim and phone pouch are a nice looking touch that I had been expecting. (The company included a purse organiser with my order as an apology for the mix up on their order page but I didn't want an organiser for my purse, I wanted a Diaper Bag Organiser that looks like the one in the picture.  As the other review states it also had an awful smell on opening.  I have had it sitting in my laundry with a couple of fabric dryer sheets inside to see if that would help.  Four days in and it seems to be less smelly. I am however going to contact the seller to arrange a return.  I will though give this organiser another go if they have one in stock with the white trim and pouch available.  I'll update this review when I hear back from them.UPDATE:-The vendor replied to my email within a couple of hours to advise that they now only carry the bags without the trim.  They are waiting on Amazon techs to make the necessary ammendments to their product images.  The vendor was happy to refund my monies or replace the organiser for another one if I so choose.  I have decided to keep the one I have and tidy up the stitching (although I shouldn't have to) The smell has also just about dissapated. Just know what you are ordering so you hopefully will not be disappointed.