Why is it so hard to make an adequate dust pan?  The two key features of a dust pan are 1-the interior lip that keeps the dirt you've already swept into the pan from falling out as you tilt it and continue to try to sweep the remaining dirt into the pan, and 2-the rubber, silicone, or plastic edge that comes in contact with the floor and makes it possible to sweep dirt INTO the pan rather than UNDER the pan.This dustpan fails on both counts.  Because the rubber/silicone edge is so terrible, you end up spending a minute or two trying to get all the dirt in the pan, and because the interior lip is too shallow, you end up dumping the dirt out you've already managed to corral into it.  The basic fault is that the silicone/rubber edge is not firm enough.  I purchased two and both came with differently mis-shaped rubber edges.  One was bent forward and one was bent halfway back.This is far more detail than a prospective customer needs in a review, but I'm going to go ahead and include it in case Oxo reads this.  The rubber/silicone edge is way too flexible.  I realize it's a fine line to walk since it needs to be flexible enough to keep contact with the floor edge without gaps, but if it's TOO flexible and the edge is paper thin as this one is, it bends UP and lets dirt under it.  Can't you guys figure out a formula that's the right level of flexible?  I'll be happy to field test it for you.I am a consumer that does lots of research before purchasing, usually that means reading lots of reviews and comments on Amazon and getting a consensus.  That's why I usually end up purchasing an Oxo product.  They're pretty consistently affordable and effective.  This one was a real disappointment.  The week after I received these, I was at an everything's a dollar store and found there a dustpan that I think works just as well as this one at a fifth the price.  It isn't perfect, and if anyone could make a perfect one, Oxo could, but for now I'm about to just buy a hand vacuum and avoid dustpans altogether.