In search of a sippy cup that works for my twins, I tried quite a few, so this review is based on my experience with each brand/model.  I have 8 mo old twins, so I bought 2 of each cup and both babies tried each cup for at least 2-3 days for water/juice. I am listing the cups in the order in which I bought and tried them.Nuk/Gerber Graduates Soft Starter 2 Handle Cup - 2 starsPros:- easy to wash- spill proof- makes a good chew toyCons:- VERY HARD to suck from. I could hardly get any liquid out of this cup. My babies couldn't get anything out of it at all- no measurement notches of any kind, so need to measure liquids by weight or premeasure in a different container  - a real pain!- can't go into a sterilizerOverall: as a sippy cup, unusable.***Tilty - 2 starsPros:- the tilted construction does make it MUCH easier for the babies to get the water out of the cupCons:- I know this was not supposed to be spill proof... but seriously, when your 8 mo old is using this cup the water goes EVERYWHERE. My twins were literally soaked through by the time they were done with their afternoon water and I was never sure how much they actually drank and how much they "watered" themselves- can't go into the sterilizer- the two pinholes that are supposed to drain the water from the cup when it's in the dishwasher get CONSTANTLY plugged up when I dishwash mine, very annoying- again, no measurement notches!- The plastic on this cup looks very cheap and flimsy; it got warped on the top rack of the dishwasher after a couple of washes.Overall: as a sippy cup, I found it unusable. I am holding on to these, though, because I think they may make ok training cups later on, when I transition my girls from a sippy cup to a real grown up cup.***Munchkin Straw Cup - 4 starsPros:- Easy to clean- The straw and the silicone lid can be sterilized- Spill proofCons:- Again, no measurement notches!- The silicone spout was a little too LONG for my girls. They could suck the liquid out through the spout ok, but they want to put the entire spout into their mouth and I can tell that it's uncomfortable for them, unless they find just the right angle to hold the cups at (which doesn't always happen)Overall: these are good cups and my twins have managed to drink out them quite well. I am going to hold on to mine so that I could use them as back up cups once the girls get older and can coordinate how they hold/tilt the cups better.***Vital baby - 5 starts. ABSOLUTE THE BEST SIPPY CUP WE TRIED SO FARPros:- All parts can go into the sterilizer!- Has measurement notches!- Nice grippy sides, not too wide, perfect for baby hands!- Spill proof!- My twins took to them right away; sucking the liquid out of them must take just the right amount of effort as they don't mind it at all and actually like holding the cups and drinking out of them.Cons:- I wish the company would sell replacement parts (straws, valves) separatelyOverall:  I have 4 VB cups total now (2 for each twin). My babies love using them and we really had no "training" period with these cups - both babies just started using them. I was worried if they'd be swallowing more air when drinking from a sippy, but no unusual spit ups so far. Overall, these are easy to clean, easy to use, very affordable - highly recommended!