Our first child's Graco swing is now residing w/grandma in another state, so we purchased this for our 6 wk old after visiting our first swing and realizing what a great product it was.  I thought the 3-in-1 aspect of this swing would make it a great buy, as well as offer our now 3 yr old the option to sit in it to as a rocker.This might work for some, but did not work for us.  We ended up purchasing another Graco Classic Pooh(tm) Graco Swing and could not be happier.Swing:  Only 2 speeds (which is all our first had too), but the speeds on ours were impossible to differentiate from one another - both slow.  Our baby had a definite preference for the faster speed and basically cried whenever placed in this swing.  We tried replacing batteries and came to the conclusion that either there is little difference between the 2 speeds or our motor was faulty.  Either way, not a selling point.  The swing also does not recline, unlike both Graco versions we have used, which may have also been a factor in the crying - not sure.Rocker:  My 3 year old had to really work hard to make it rock; our small wooden rocker works much better making this feature marginal at best.  I think it is fine as a chair if you need another place for a toddler to sit.Kickstand seat:  I thought this was a very nice feature.  The kickstand can be used while the seat is in the swing or if it is on its own and makes it like a non-bouncy, bouncy seat, but a bit higher (and closer to mom/dad) with more recline.  As I used my 'Fisher-Price' bouncy chair for feeding our first child, I can see how this might come in handy.Removing the seat is not easy - I would not equate it to taking your car seat from its base.  You have to pull the seat up to get it off the swing holders, but then move it back down below the holders to slide it forward and out.  I found it somewhat awkward.Other info:  The toy bar comes off easily and the toys are attached to ties on the bar with small pieces of Velcro.  The songs are typical children's songs, but I prefer the Graco songs and sound quality (e.g. Toyland on this vs. Claire de lune on the Graco).