First off, I would give a better review if not for how the shipping was handled with this item.  It says when you purchase it, it has free shipping, it even said this with me being logged in and with the correct zip code.  Well needless to say shipping was more expensive than the actual price of the product.  Immediately after I ordered and saw this I emailed the company to inquire about the conflicting shipping costs.  Instead of waiting to ship before addressing my questions they just shipped it to me and then emailed me afterwards like a day or two later and pretty much said it is what it is and because it's an APO you get charged more.  I would have just told them to send it stateside instead of charging me 20 dollars of what would have cost 2 dollars for my wife to send to me.  Thumbs up to you guys for "supporting" the troops in Afghanistan.As for the product itself, it's alright, it definitely has great potential but falls short in a couple of areas.  The case itself is nice but it's a little bit off as far as the alignment of the holes for the backside camera although I don't plan on using that a whole lot anyways.  I like the fact that it has a slot for the stylus, however it was placed in the back bind at the end of where the table is.  Therefore when you have a stylus in its slot, it does not close fully and the tablet sort of hangs out.  Some of the other holes to match up are slightly off but you're always able to adjust it slightly to get to whichever one you need to.  It looks sharp though with the tablet inside and if you don't have a stylus in the sleeve and would be handy to carry around, though I don't believe it would offer much protection if you dropped it or anything. If it fit better with the stylus I would have given it a 4 and if the holes all matched up on top of that a definite 5.  As for the company and how they deal with customers I'd rate them as probably a two because they didn't really seem to care or give a chance to offer a solution or change of address.  Maybe even a 1 star.