I really REALLY wanted to love this bag. I did extensive research, read reviews, watched YouTube videos and Timi & Leslie has great bags...unfortunately The Sophia bag is not one of them. I ordered it in black and white. My husband loved the color said it looked classic and would go with our stroller. When it arrived I was like a kid at Christmas! Opened the box- no issues with packaging, pull out the bag...NOT THRILLED. The material was very thin and had a plastic feel to it. The stitching at the top was coming loose as threads hung out from the zipper. Also, there was a gap or small hole on the front side. Not impressed. I was willing to overlook as I am due in 3 weeks and wanted to pack this bag with my cutesy baby stuff, but when I pulled out the inner contents (bottle holder was smashed in and had too many creases), the mommy purse was just as plastic looking. I just couldn't believe it..almost $200 for this bag that honestly looked no better than a Carters bag, (okay Carters is good this was just terrible). When my husband got home from work I showed him and he was disappointed as well. We debated until 2am about buying this bag as I wanted the Marie Antoinette or the Charlie. He agreed that this bag was not worth keeping for $195. I think that the other review may love it because it was given to her, however $195 of your hard earned money for plastic..I'll pass. I returned to Amazon and just received the email that they are processing my refund. I still wish to go with a timi & leslie, however, I may just go with my gut and get the Skip Hop Grand Central or JuJu Be- BFF. I really need a big bag since I have a 2 year old, 4 year old and this one due at the end of the month. I live in NYC and ride the subway so I want a bag that I can use when I am with the kids and not have to carry a purse. I thought this was it but it's not. I hope this helps. Oh BtW this my first return to Amazon and I have been shopping here almost exclusively since pregnant with my 4 year old. I had to write a review because the photos do not resemble this bag at all- Be VERY CAREFUL!