Just got this cup today, and I have to say I love it. And best of all, my three year old daughter loves it. The product is not perfect however. So I will break down the good, the bad, and the ugly below based on my observation, my 8-yr old son's, and my 3-yr old daughter's.GOOD:- It's just as advertised, completely spill-proof.- Your kid can place their lips anywhere on the rim of the cup and drink.- It feels durable, not the normal thin plastic molded into a cup like most sippies.- My kids and I performed the drop test several times and the lid never came off. And yes, no spills either. Not even a drop.BAD:- It's a bit pricey for sippy cup. I purchased mine for $9.99 from BB&B but I've seen it sold for way more online and elsewhere.- It takes some getting used to. My 3 year old did figure it out quickly, but she had a little difficulty the first two tries.- Very little water comes out. Good for little kids so they don't choke. My 8 year old however found it frustrating and felt like he wasn't getting enough water.UGLY:- The way it's designed to achieve true sprill-proof capability, there has to be a sucking pressure from the outer end of the cup's lid in order for the liquid to flow from the cup to the inner body of the lid, then out to the exterior rim. I'm afraid that there will be liquid stuck in the inner body of the lid that even washing can't remove and will eventually spoil and create mold within the lid.CONCLUSION:- I say buy it if you find it for less than $20.- If you already own one, make sure to clean it well and let it air dry.UPDATE: HOW TO KEEP YOUR WOW CUP MOLD-FREEI was worried about mold growing within the cup's lid. But after receiving a comment that the Wow Cup lid comes apart, I went to the site to see instructions on how to do it. They didn't post verbal instructions unfortunately. But I found this video on YouTube and it shows the guy taking the cup apart. It's a little over 6 minutes long, but if you skip to 1:54, that's where he starts to take the cup apart and puts it back together again thereafter.Click or copy/paste this link for the video ---> [...]