We are on our second baby with the Born Free bottle system. We had no complaints the first time and still had a lot of bottle so it made sense to use it for the second kid. All the bottles we had were the Classic version, this is the original amber colored polycarbonate bottle. When I needed a few extra bottles the Deco bottles seemed like an good choice at 30% less than the Classic bottles. After a month of use I can say the Deco bottle would be a good choice except for one significant flaw.The key point here is the ONLY difference between the Classic and Deco bottles is the bottle materials, the valve parts, caps, nipples, etc are 100% the same. After a month of use the Deco bottles are wearing just as well as the Classic bottles also.The Classic bottle itself is polycarbonate (PC) and the Deco bottle is polypropylene (PP). The only published difference is that the PC bottle can be heat sterilized (autoclave) and the PP bottle cannot. This makes sense as can PC handle much higher temps than PP.The unadvertised difference is that the Deco PP bottle heats much slower than the Classic PC bottle. The first few times we used the Deco bottle I just thought i was judging time poorly. After a few uses though it was obvious that the Deco bottles were heating much more slowly.So I did a little experiment to see how different it was. I took one Classic and one Deco bottle, filled them with 8oz of water and placed them in the fridge until cooled. The water measured 44.4F at the start of heating. They each went into their own identical room temperature ceramic bowl and the bowl was then filled to the brim with 210F water (about 16oz). This is our standard bottle heating method. Then I measured the temperature of the water in the bottle as they heated to 98.6F.End results the Classic bottle took 5m45s to heat to 98.6F and the Deco PP bottle took 11m14s. Any parent will tell you five and half minutes is an eternity with a hungry baby.In conclusion if you don't need to heat cold bottles for feeding or you plan far enough ahead that 11 minutes seems OK to you then the Deco bottles are an excellent choice. But I think saving over 5 minutes everytime I heat a bottle is worth the extra money spent on the Classic bottles.Notes:Here is the data from the test: [...]I wish I had a good idea for the cause of this difference. If you look at the thermal conductivity of the materials I should be seeing the opposite effect. PC has an average thermal conductivity of 0.184 W/m-K and PP is 0.245W/m-K. So the PP bottle should be transfering heat faster than the PC bottle.[...][...]