I bought this for my Vista without even looking at other options, figuring that the good design Uppababy brings to its strollers would carry through to this accessory. Wrong. After having used this all winter on my now nine-month-old in a location where temperatures are in the high 20s to low 40s during the cold months (not Mission Viejo!), this is what I've found.First, although the footmuff is easy to install and fits tightly around the seatback of the stroller, the end of it flops around unsecured. This is irritating when you're trying to get baby in and it slides around, or when you're trying to fold the stroller while keeping the footmuff tucked inside. Plus it doesn't look very nice, which is a shame for a good-looking stroller. A few simple toggles would have allowed it to be easily fastened to the metal frame on the stroller's legrest.In addition, there is no way to adjust the length of the footmuff. For smaller babies, it should be able to be folded up so that tiny legs are not lost in a large cold pocket of air. My baby's legs are way up in the top part while the rest of it just hangs uselessly. Not very cozy. Again, a few simple toggles could have accomplished this.This footmuff also doesn't accommodate smaller babies in that there is only one set of snaps for attaching the top. Contrary to how it appears in the photo, the top does NOT roll down like that. So I have two choices: leave the top cover unsnapped so my baby's chest and upper body are exposed, or snap the top cover, which puts it over baby's face. I compromise in only snapping one side, bringing the level on this side to higher than baby's head, leaving the other side below baby's chest, and draping it so that it doesn't cover baby's face. This kind of messing around is not ideal, obviously. There really should be snaps at a few different levels to allow adjustment for babies of all different heights.In summary, the size of the footmuff is probably great for older kids at the higher age range of the stroller, but not for younger, smaller babies.Importantly, I'm not so sure the footmuff is so warm. After a two-hour walk with temperatures in the 40s, for example, I noticed during a diaper change that my baby's leg skin was cold to the touch. Some of this could be due to the inability to adjust the size of the footmuff to keep it cozy for smaller babies. Whatever the reason, I stopped trusting the footmuff alone and began also either putting my baby into a snowsuit or bringing a blanket, or both, which kind of defeats the convenience factor of having a footmuff.After having read other reviews, I agree that it's nice that the zipper runs across the footmuff for ease of opening/closing, but I have other issues with it. The zipper always seems to get snagged on the material around it, especially when I open it, so I always need two hands - one to zip/unzip with, the other to pull the zipper lining fabric out of the way and to undo snags. It's annoying. It should be able to open and close smoothly.As another reviewer pointed out, some kind of inside protection from dirty shoes would be a good idea. The fabric is very thin and lightweight and seems like it could be easily damaged or dirtied. We'll see next winter when baby's walking.Last little points. This thing can get static as heck. And why is there such a limited color range in colors that seem to clash with, instead of coordinate with, the Vista colors? I went with basic black, but even the black doesn't match nicely with the black of my Vista. Small detail, but when you're paying the price for both stroller and footmuff, you want it to look good.Would I buy this again? No. Would I recommend that you buy it? No. Do I regret having bought it? Yes. Next time I need an accessory for my Vista, I'll be sure to check out all of my options instead of just assuming that Uppababy will do it best.