Over the course of 2 babies, we have tried and used 4 different baby tubs.Fisher-Price 4-in-1 Sling N Seat TubDream On Me 2 Position Baby Bather Bath Tub, BluePrince Lionheart washPOD Bathe, WhitePRI Infant Bath Seat (White)Our least favorite is the washPOD.The washpod was the worst of the group. My biggest gripe is it is impossible to clean your baby's legs or underside in it. Keeping enough warm water in it to keep baby warm, but not present a drowning hazard if baby's head flops forward is another problem. When baby is finally strong enough to hold head out of water, baby is bigger and no longer fits in washpod. Just awful design. I see the cute video of the happy baby in this thing, but this was not our experience at all. It is one thing to put your baby in it to soak (or something?), but it is impractical to actually WASH a baby in it. I had big babies (around 10 pounds each). I expect that small babies will work better in it, but I would not recommend it based on our experience.Followed by the Dream on Me. This is a good design, but it is HUGE. We would have to store this monster in our garage between baths because it took up so much space. Also hard/slippery and not suited to newborns.Second favorite is the PRI bath seat. The best thing about this one is how small/sleek and clean it is. It is easy to use and store and lacking on obnoxious colors makes it easy on the eyes as well. No nets or slings or parts to pull apart and clean. This is the simple "zen" baby bath tub. But it is slippery and hard so we did not like using it for our newborns. For older babies, the angle does not suit those that can sit up.And hands down winner is the Sling n Seat. This is the only one that fits all stages of baby's growth and varying support needs. From complete support as newborn to support for babies that can roll over to those that can sit up but will still topple over. It is versatile enough to be used at the kitchen sink or in the bathtub or showerstall. I wish we had this from the start with baby number one. It is a bit more expensive, but considering you will only need to buy one product for all of your baby's stages, it actually costs less because you will only need to buy one product.The Sling n Seat comes with a "shower bottle" so doesn't require it, but we like having one of these attached to our shower sprayer to make it easier to get down low to baby level with the sprayer KES I3300 Extended Length Replacement 118-Inch Stainless Steel Interlock Handheld Shower Hose, Chrome)Thanks for reading, I hope this review was helpful!