I thought this was the cutest thing until I got it home... and ironically since I registered for it I ended up with 2.  I wanted all the "toys" and cute little things for my first baby (like all new moms do).  I wanted this bouncer because of the sounds and vibrations features along with the cute bar.  I thought it would please baby and give me some "free hands" time.  I was sooo wrong.  I put it together and immediately was afraid of the flimsyness of it.  The bars that support it/connected it undr the seat were holding just barely.  I got it fixed finally after trying to muscle them into place more tightly.  I was then pretty sure (especially after talking to their customer service line) that everything was A-o.k.  After all, they had talked me thru it step-by-step.  Boy was I wrong.  I put the baby in it and when he would move, it would collapse more time than not.  I then threw it out and opened the other one (same exact bouncer) I got as a duplicate shower gift.  The assembly went into place perfectly but again it was very flimsy.  With one slight bounce from my 3 month old his head hit the ground with a loud, hard thump!  He immediatley screamed and cried and was shaking from what had just happened.  That was it!  I was fed up of watching my baby fall backwards and hit his head and cry.  I then bought an automatic swing with some toys attached to it with a feeding tray and he loved that alot.  In fact, he fell asleep in it for hours every day, played with the toys for many hours too, and loved it until I got rid of it when he was too big to fit in it anymore.  I suggest you get a good automatic swing instead.  They sell them for about $50 with a feeding tray, mobile/toybar, toys and feeding tray, and most play music too.  I never bought another bouncer... especially after I found out after MUCH research that (what most "seasoned parent's already knew but didn't tell me) was that a huge amount of babies every year sustain injuries from bouncers either falling backwards/the bouncers fall apart, or even flipping over when the baby tries to play or bounce in it.  I will never buy a bouncer again after reading all that info. on them.  A good source that confirmed it for me was our pediatrician.