Okay. It looks really cool. It seems to do alot, but a five month old wants lots of buttons to press, not things to bat at. This has some things to chew on for the teething baby, but mine is strangely drawn to the crinkly flower which is hopefully dyed with something non-toxic because the dye has faded considerably and has no doubt been ingested. The detachable ipod thingy, whatever silly pretentious name it is called is actually very boring. I have also been hanging extra toys off of the arch to change things up for him, and I also purchased a Sassy brand mirror which I also attach from time to time so he can see himself, and it's teether is much safer than the asformentioned crinkly flower, but honestly, considering what I paid I shouln't need any extras, which brings me to mention the whole "switcharoos" thing. Three of the toys are detachable and can be switched with interchangable toys, which I think your going need if you buy this and I believe they are about 8.99 each. The only detachable toy that is even the slightest bit interesting to him is the telephone, which falls off the cradle constantly over the side and he can't reach it and gets really frustrated. The other two toys are just chewy teethy things which do pretty much nothing, he tugs on them and sees they do nothing and gets bored quickly, and sometimes tries to chew on them and they are very hard to reach as well. Then the poor little guy goes in circles trying to find something exciting to do, wacking the one spinning toy a few times and finally gives up and wants to get out. I would say at the longest he has stayed in this thing no more than 15-20 minutes. If you're a mom wanting something to give your burning arms a rest, or get some work done, don't get this one. My sister-in-Law has the circus themed saucer that has zero blinky lights and sounds, just alot of fun things to wiggle and jiggle and he seemes to love it and sat all through thanksgiving dinner without a fuss. I wish I would have purchased one of the other saucers instead, BUT that's what I get for having gadget-loving hubby with me who scoffed at two of the other models by a different brand that seemed way more interactive and thought because of the blinkies and sounds we were buying the ultimate "Creme' A La Creme'" SuperBaby saucer. He also liked the way it folded up, as if we ever go anywhere! But... lesson learned, and after the holidays I will return any gifts given to me so I can treat my little one to something nice because he deserves better than this.