For one of the more expensive nipples out there, this is kind of a big disappointment. The original nipple design was much better than the new one, but the old design didn't last long with my son's ability to suck really hard. One nipple would last no longer than a week or two tops, before it would 'blow out' and the opening would be way to wide and the flow so fast my son would choke. That being said, the new design has several drawbacks. I know it was intended to make it easier to squeeze the air out of the bottle with one hand, but it doesn't keep the air out once it is squeezed out (air is immediately drawn back into the pouch by the weight of the liquid in it unless the bottle is kept upside down but if left upside down it leaks milk profusely, even when using the slow flow nipples). The rubber is way too soft on the new nipple design and it makes it way too easy for the milk to come out. The baby needs to work a LITTLE bit to get the milk out, not just hold the nipple in his/ her mouth and let it run in. I DO like that the opening is now a round hole rather than a slit (less likely to tear and will likely last a little longer) so that is an improvement, but the other changes are NOT. I do like that it pops on easily, but I really wish that they would go back to the original design. Keep in mind that my son is an older baby but he can easily take the nipple off his bottle now (was able to once the new nipple design replaced the old and he was about 6 months old) and often gets distracted and lays the bottle aside or waves it around in the air while full of milk which then drips/runs out all over the place. Sometimes he actually removes the whole pouch from the bottle frame and every element of the bottle is disassembled. If the frame were constructed such that it held more securely or had a locking mechanism, that would be an improvement. Customer service is superb for this company and they have tried to accommodate, but when a design flaw is the problem it makes it pretty hard to not be disappointed. I really liked this system originally,(other than the slit opening which was addressed earlier in my review) but I am concerned that with my next baby, the newly designed nipple will be too fast a flow (even the slow flow nipples) for a newborn and will not work out well because it allows air in the bottle and is so fast that it will likely cause baby to choke and /or have colic. :(