So I bought this March 10, 2015 and have waited so long to write a review because I wanted to give myself time to fully experience this product. My son is now 4 months old and has used it every time he sleeps since the day he was born. The first thing that needs to be noted is the way it rocks, I wanted a rocker so i could be lazy and reach my arm over the side of the bed and rock him back to sleep without fully getting up. Now with this type of rocker its hard to do that, it would be better if it rocker from side to side instead of back to front. Also now that its been 4 months it has a terrible squeak to it that i cant seem to find and oil. Everytime baby moves the rocker squeaks along with everytime i physically rock the product.  Onto the vibration, ive used it and tested it out and my son just doesnt care for it. but i have left it on running and turn it on every once in awhile and ive had to change the batteries twice in the last 4 months.. Id say thats pretty good. This product folds up with the push of the big green buttons on each side, i looove this feature. it easily folds and unfolds. The material- I love that it easily can all be unclipped and thrown in the washer, and with the bottom being all plastic it makes for easy clean up. that only thing i dont like about the fabric is the monkey toy that is located on the strap between where babies legs would go. The toy does not come off and hes never even messed with it so its kind of a pointless feature and just gets in the way. The incline- When he was first born I had to stack blankets under him because the incline is too steep for newborns, my sons head wouldnt stay laying down (head would tilt like kids head does in a car when they fall asleep) at age2.5-3 mo is when i finally took the blankets out, but my son is big for his age so you might find yourself having to do this till your baby is older if he/she is small/skinny baby. Now that my son is 4 months Im finding it difficult to leave him in it during the full night. He wakes up alot and when he cries he arches is back and is trying to work his way out of it. Id say this rocker is best used for maybe naps and traveling. I wouldn't recommend this as a bassinet/co-sleeper product. I will not be using this product much longer if at all because of the squeak and i feel like hes too big for it to continue to be used safely. the quality in fabric and idea i give 100% the design- 40%.