As a reference, our Son is 5 months old.  He weighs 20lbs 15oz and is somewhere around 28 inches tall.We started off with a fisher price jumperoo.  Our son really loved to jump around in it but it lacked toys.  One of the three springs was also faulty and so we have mailed it off to Fisher Price for a refund.  We purchased this exersaucer as a replacement for several reasons.  The first being that it could be used for a longer period of time; our jumperoo was already at the 2nd setting and our son was getting close to maxing out the weight limit.  After setting up the exersaucer the boy is already at the highest setting so it looks like it won't be useable for that long either.  The second reason we purchased this was the extensive amount of toys.  There is a ton of stuff on this thing.  After setting it up it looks like there might actually be too much stuff on here.  Even after you remove a few of the removable toys it is still a bit much.  The objects that you can pull down on to make noise are mostly smooth plastic with no handles.  Our son gets a hold of them but I don't know why they didn't make them easier to grab.  This toy does not bounce, especially not like a jumperoo.  The jumperoo, while it has less stuff, had a single on/off switch and volume control.  It also made noise when the baby jumped, not just when he interacted with something.  This is probably more amusing for younger kids who haven't quite figured out how to grab, pull, and hit things to make noise.  The exersaucer is loud!  Some of the toys are unsettling.  I accidentally hit the car toy in the middle of the night and the disturbing laughing children was creepy.When you add in the fact that this thing feels like it might tip over with a good bump (we have a 160lb newfoundland  who is clumsy) we will be exchanging this for another jumperoo. It looks like the jumperoo might last him another 2 or 3 months where this thing won't last another growth spurt. The newer jumperoo has plenty of stuff on it and since it was the same base as our old jumperoo, we know that it will be more stable.