We thought we could get a great product at an affordable rate and bypassed the higher-end lines and we decided on the Baby Trend Expedition Jogger/Infant seat travel system. At first pass it worked fine and we were pleased overall. Several weeks into owning the stroller we noticed that the front wheel became excessively shaky when not in the locked position. It was very difficult to maneuver with the wheel locked all the time, as we use the stroller for every day use.We called and were told to check and adjust the tire pressure. This didnt fix the problem and were told to try another fix, which also didnt work. When we called a third time it was suggested we ship the stroller back.After we finally found a box large enough to ship this stroller back, we shipped it in tact to Baby Trend to be repaired. Several weeks later I called and followed up and was told it would be returned within 10 days. We got home and opened the box to our surprise, our stroller had been shipped back unassembled! The issue we had was the unstable front wheel, and the wheels had been removed, negating the correction! Worse still, the screws and hardware we shipped in tact with our stroller had been removed AND NOT REPLACED! Baby Trend took apart our stroller and sent it back without the parts or means to put it back together!The footrest on the front of the stroller has no hardware for us to put it back on, and the tray that the car seat rests on has no screws and pulls out when touched, meaning the car seat CANNOT be placed in the stroller! If I hadnt pulled it out first, I could have put my child in the stroller and he would have fallen immediately out of it. How could this happen, how could they send a stroller back with no parts and with a blatant safety hazard, as though it hadnt been checked at all?Worst of all, they have told us simply that there is "nothing they can do" and they refuse to fix the problem. They tell us the parts are on backorder and they have 'no idea" when they will be available. Meanwhile, I have no stroller and no means to get my 4 month old around. SO frustrating!! Totally unacceptable, we sent it WITH PARTS and they sent it back without parts, and won't rectify the situation. I have a stroller in my living room for a month that I simply cannot use. And they are fine to leave it that way, that we're just out of luck?? Its just wrong. Don't buy from this company, they DO NOT stand by their product. Check Consumer Affairs before you buy from them, I only wish we had.