Like a lot of parents, we spent a lot of time researching which stroller to buy, esp since it's such a big-ticket item. My sister has the Bugaboo Bee stroller for her daughter and loved it; I was put off by the price though. I had seen the Uppababy Vista stroller and loved it, but again, I thought it was pricey and I wanted something on the smaller side, that I could easily fold up. I went with the Cruz because I liked the price, and the styling and size seemed ideal.Overall, I like it, but I wish I and gone with the Bee after all. The pros: the sun cover is amazing and provides great protection. The basket below the seat is amazing and roomy and can fit everything (and we throw a lot of stuff in it). It folds out and breaks down easily and I don't have any problems getting it into or out of the back of our SUV. The other design element I really like is the mesh screen that allows air to circulate under the hood. It's very cleverly designed and stylish looking too.The cons, and they are pretty big cons: the smaller wheels make for a really lousy ride, even if you are on sidewalk pavement. This doesn't seem like a big deal (it didn't to me before I had the baby), but when you're walking around with a baby that has *just* fallen asleep, every bounce and bump seems like an earthquake. You also want something that feels stable and solid around your infant and not feel that any bounce will shake her out of the stroller. And this leads me to the other huge con: this is really not a stroller for a newborn. Oh sure, they have a newborn insert, but honestly, it's useless. The straps for the shoulders and legs were HUGE for our baby daughter, and as far as I could tell, there was no way to adjust them to make them as short as we needed (even when we had the straps at their shortest setting, they just hung there). I did find a way to shorten the shoulder straps *underneath* the seat, but that was a huge pain the ass -- not something you can do quickly on the go; and they still didn't make the straps short enough. I searched and searched the internet for a solution to what seems to me a huge design flaw and couldn't find anything; as far as I can tell, no reviewer talked about it either. I called uppababy to find out what to do, and they never called me back. So we have just jerry-rigged the straps so that they hold our baby in -- not an ideal situation and a safety hazard. Our kid is now nearly 5 months, in the 75% for height and weight, and the straps are *still* too big; we ran into another family using the uppababy and asked them how they handled the strap situation, and they replied that their daughter was nearly a year old before the straps were really workable.Our mistake was in buying the stroller off the internet *before* the baby was born; we should've held off on the purchase and taken her with us to buy the stroller and put her in it before committing to anything. Amazon is great for many things, but for something like this, it was not ideal.