This is my 4th stroller, my twin sons are currently 21 months old.  Unfortunately, with twins one stroller was never quite right.  My first stroller was the cart type (Baby Trend) that the two car seats attached, perfect, but they outgrew it with the car seats.  My second stroller is a large jogging type stroller (Baby Jogger City Elite), perfect for long walks (I love to do) but impossible to lift in and out of my van on a daily basis.  My third stroller side-by-side, smaller than jogging stroller, but supposedly with a weight of 50lbs per seat, however hard to maneuver once the the boys were a combined weight of 50lbs!  A myriad of problems with that stroller, seats, straps terrible, Baby Jogger should be ashamed for putting that stroller on the marker and charging $400 (Baby Jogger City Micro - discontinued, for good reason).This Kinderwagon stroller, was based on my need to run errands with two toddlers, not practical to try and get two toddlers out of car seats and hold hands to cross parking lots.  The Kinderwagon meets this need, it is lightweight, easy to fold and unfold, easy to push while opening up doors, easily fits between cars in parking lot (I don't like to put  the stroller behind my van while I get kids out of their car seats, too easy for other car to hit in busy parking lot).My main complaint with this stroller is the back seat has a very shallow sling seat.  I extended the seat with a piece of corrugate plastic and covered with a "Skip Hop" stroller pad.  For $300 it should have come with two decent seats!  Slight design flaw that could have been corrected and should have been corrected since this is a recurring complaint from parents.The canopy is junk, it needs to be bigger (higher for back seat and longer for front seat), but I don't plan on using the canopy since this is a stroller to move my sons around when running errands.  The front seat doesn't really recline, but again not an issue for me since this is my "working" stroller.  For trips to the zoo or anywhere I think there is a chance they would fall asleep, I would use my large Baby Jogger City Elite (heavy, but maneuvers great)The bottom basket doesn't hold much, but I store the canopy and rain hood that comes with the stroller there.  There is a small diaper bag that comes with the stroller and attaches to back of stroller, although it keeps unsnapping and falling off.I purchased this stroller 4/2013 through Amazon, but from Kinderwagon, however the manufacture date is 7/2012, so if any improvements were made in the design I did not get the latest manufacture, which is wrong, something I would return stroller for but didn't since I haven't read about any updates in design, I did not.  This stroller states it has a 50lb weight limit for each seat, my boys are currently about 27lbs each and the stroller is easy to maneuver.  The height is right for me (5'7") if a stroller doesn't have an adjustable handle they are usually too low for me, although the handlebar rubber is very cheap and I don't think it will hold up very well over time.It seems sturdier than a Combi or Graco stroller, but it has a few main parts that are attached with a web strap and thin plastic, so not sure how well it will hold up.  It comes with a cup holder which is very handy, after market cup holders never seem to attach securely to strollers. and it seems the more expensive the stroller the less "stuff" comes with the stroller.  This stroller isn't cheap, but surprisingly comes with a cup holder, rain hood, canopy and small diaper bag, all cheaply made products, but the "right" size and fit for this stroller.I would recommend this stroller only because I have not found anything better, with a few changes this could be a great stroller.  If you need a lightweight tandem stroller to run errands this is an OK stroller.  Over priced by about a $100, for $300 it should have been a lot sturdier and the design flaws for back seat and canopy should have been corrected, all recurring complaints from parents on numerous web sites and blogs.