I bought this for our 16mo old son (who is more like a 12.5 mo old developmentally due to prematurity) and we have been using it for 24 hours now. Does this table entertain him? Sort of. Do I wish there was a better table out there? Yes.Cons:1. Someone in R&D really missed the boat on this one. The feet have no rubber backing. This table cannot be used on wood or slippery floors as-is. Even on carpet, when baby stands up or pushes on it, it slides. The feet have a small footprint, so trying to add your own rubber grip will be difficult.2. There isn't a ton on top to keep the baby entertained. The balls are about the only thing. All other items seem sort of cheap and not entertaining.3. There is a book with one page that can be turned. However, if this page gets left up half-way turned, there is a sound that is played over and over until someone puts the page fully down. My son has already done this. It isn't a song that is played over and over, it is like a busy signal on a telephone just playing over and over.4. There is no ball holder! Don't expect to pack this away and not lose the balls. Aside from the balls sitting on the legs corners, there is no where to put the balls when not in play.5. If more than one ball goes down a leg, the 2nd ball is likely to bounce off and roll away.6. There is an orange dish on top that is supposed to hold 3 balls, then the baby pulls a level and it spins. And all the balls fly off in all directions and roll away. Not sure what bright designer thought this was a good idea.7. There is a 1-2-3 piano on top. However, not all the keys actually are push-able. I tried and was like "Why doesn't this key push down".8. As much as I like the ball in the hole idea, I am waiting for other toys to go in that hole and get stuck.Just all-in-all, they did a poor job of designing there. My son doesn't like any of the activities on top, except the ball in the hole. The fact that the balls go flying or bouncing away and there is zero place to store them is very annoying. And the missing grip pads on the feet is a bit of a hazard for baby.This table is eh, but I'd love to find better.