At first I really loved this sippy.  It was the only one my son really took to after trying about a dozen different kinds.  I loved that it's completely customizable.  Handles, no handles, sippy cup, straw cup, plus the durability of the stainless steel.  But after using this cup for a few months now, the honeymoon is really over.To begin with, the sippy valve is almost impossible to get anything out of.  Luckily, my son prefers the straw attachment, which for whatever reason, is easier to use.  The down side is that the straw attachment will leak a bit, but that's just part of the deal with straws.  No fault of the cup itself.But then the straw attachment DOES have a fault.  It's too short!  I'd read reviews on here stating that it didn't reach the bottom of the cup, so a little bit of liquid would be left in the bottom, but I didn't quite realize until I saw it for myself just how much liquid it really is.  I'd say it's probably at least 1.5 ounces.  No big deal if he's just drinking water, but I hate wasting that much milk or juice, or anything that's not water, really.  I don't really see why the straw can't be any longer.  I've seen plenty of other straw cups (including the one I'm replacing my Safe Sippy with) that go all the way to the bottom.  Sure, they're not going to be 100% effective, but there's a huge difference between a few drops and anything nearing the OUNCE mark or more.  Such an easy fix that I think they really need to address.Next, it's completely dishwasher safe, HOWEVER, water from the wash WILL stay pooled under the silicone sleeve and cause that sour, moldy smell.  The sleeve is removable, of course, but it's such a huge pain to take it on and off.  You don't want to do that every single time you wash it.  Plus, the sleeve gets a bit stretched out, and just doesn't fit the same after that.  I'd love if there was a way for them to fuse the sleeve to the cup, because you don't really need to (or want to) remove it anyway.  The cup is FREEZING without it.Another down side of the silicone sleeve is that I have to wrestle the darn thing in and out of the cup pocket of my diaper bag every time I need to get it out.  Maybe my pockets are a little small, but either way, it drives me insane.Lastly, but most annoyingly, I absolutely HATE that the lid is just a "dust protector" and not a spill-proof lid.  This means that if you want to transport the cup, you need to put the stopper valve in to guarantee no spilling.  And I have had quite a few leaks when I've tried not to use it.  So I have to make sure I don't forget the straw attachment and carry it in a separate plastic baggy.  Then wrestle the cup out of my diaper bag pocket, unscrew the lid, take the stopper valve out (which has gotten wet from all the liquid sloshing around), take the straw attachment out of the baggy, plug it into the lid, and screw the lid back on before I can give it to my son.  Then the stopper valve has to go into the plastic baggy so I can put it back into my diaper bag.  Repeat all over again when he's done drinking.  Not to mention the times I've forgotten to even put the straw attachment in, and handed the cup to my son with the stopper valve still in, much to his (and my) frustration!  I've also left a straw attachment at a friend's house after replacing the stopper valve, because it's just so many parts to keep track of!  I feel like maybe if the spout stuck straight up instead of being angled, they might be able to come up with a lid that also is spill-proof.  Or hey, maybe even come up with a stopper that goes in the SPOUT instead of the lid!  That would be a thousand times easier, and more hygienic too.It's made out of such durable materials, and I do think the amount of customization you can do with this cup is great, but just about everything else is a down side for me.  Including the price.  I'm OVER it, and I can't really say I'd recommend it.  Sayonara, Safe Sippy!