I have to say this is one of those items where you get what you paid for.  I had bought this stroller for my Grand Daughter, hoping that it would be compact and easy to use.While it certainly is compact, it is not really easy to use.It always takes two hands a few minutes to fold and unfold, you certainly can not do it while holding onto your child.  The wheel locks for both the front wheels and brakes are stiff and heard to work, I can't do either one with my foot, have to use my hands and when you are in a hurry, having to lock the front wheels before folding the stroller is actually a big annoyance.It works OK for inside mall/shopping type of walking but for me, I don't like how it handles outside at all.  I am 5'7", when I walk outside its at a fairly quick pace and evidently I have a long stride.  The handle is too low and my feet hit the back wheel axel unless I push the stroller way out away from my body.  It does not handle rough ground well, it bounces around and I have a hard time controlling it, even if I am walking slowly because of this I do not / can not push this stroller with one hand, you simply don't have enough control.With all of the above negatives, I will say that it does have some positives.  It does fold up fairly compact and is light weight, no problem for me to get in and out of the truck.  With the seat back fully reclined and using a couple of blankets, it was fine for my GD when she was an infant.  Now that she is sitting up, she seems comfortable in it and I like that I can hook her toys to the front bar.  The top cover is huge and was great for keeping her covered both when it was rainy and sunny.  I was able to hang her diaper bag on the back and never felt like it was going to tip over, but the bottom basket is small and a bit difficult to get to.  The pockets on the back hold a good amount and are easy to use.  The cup holder is a little odd, sticking out the side and I always remove it when I fold the stroller up because I'm worried that it will break off.To summarize, if you are looking for an umbrella type stroller to use for mostly indoor type walking, that is light weight, folds compactly but is a bit more robust then your typical umbrella stroller, this would be a great choice.If you are looking for an outdoor, walking down a normal uneven street with some light trail type walking, I would not pick this stroller.I have ordered the City Mini GT to try out next, I will review that one after I have a chance to put it to the test.