After considering ALL options available at the time we decided to purchase the Britax Boulevard 70.  The reasons for my decision were safety (the Britax has excellent safety reviews), customer reviews (on the whole people seem fairly pleased with the brands seats) and lastly the from an aesthetic standpoint it didn't look quite as ugly as a lot of the car seats on the market.We were replacing our peg perego 30 (Paloma) infant car seat (which I loved) and our son was unfortunately (at only 10 months) quickly outgrowing. The peg was well made, user friendly and great looking with nice leather like fabric detail (a rarity in car seats). I was sad to retire it, especially after so little use, but was hopeful our experience with the Britax would be just as good.Upon receiving the new Britax I was pretty underwhelmed.  Firstly it is huge (okay I know none of them are exactly small, but wow!). The instructions were adequate but not super user friendly.  I loved how the peg had a place designed into the car seat for the manual so you never have to look for it.  The quality of new seat itself seemed decent but not exceptional. I installed it with a resounding feeling of mediocrity and told myself it's safe and that is the most important thing.Now a little over a year later I have just replaced the Britax. Here is why and what we found. Because our son was just 11 months we were required to begin with the seat installed in the rear facing position.  We have a range rover sport suv (not a small car) but facing backwards the person in the front had seriously reduced legroom, so much so that there was no way for my husband (who is 6'2) to sit in the seat front comfortably. We moved the seat to the middle.  This was better for leg room but no matter where he was in rear facing position in this chair there was just no way good way see our baby. We had one of those mirrors but it never seemed to work well. I hated driving with him alone and together one of us was always sitting in the back with him. So despite new recommendations to keep the car seat rear facing till age 2, we turned the seat around at 1 year.Installing the seat forward facing we again put it in the (safest place) center using the inner car seat latches from the outer seats (we measured and the distance seemed equatable to the ones on the sides). We were unable to use the tether line they have on the back since our car does not have any place to safely latch it to. The instructions say the tether line is not necessary but adds safety and stability. It probably could have used the stability as it often got knocked slightly crooked from putting our son in and out despite it being very tightly clipped in.One of our first real issues with the seat came up when our son threw up in it.  Removing the cover to wash is not suggested in the manual. This seemed crazy and I was not going to have my car smell like vomit for the next 2-3 years so I carefully removed the seat cover.  This was doable but required taking apart some of the straps - I would guess this is why removing it is not recommended. I had to, so I did, carefully taking photos and notes on how to put it back together when I was done cleaning it. It washed okay (I had to machine wash it to get the smell out). A bigger problem I realized was the non detachable strap with the buckle which of course he had vomited in! I was only able to get this one clean and e smelled by turning the whole car seat upside down over a bucket of water with cleaning detergent and letting the straps soak for a day or two. He threw up in this chair twice and despite getting good at cleaning it stopped driving within 30-45 minutes of my son eating!Our next issue came up 4-5 months ago when I noticed that the side impact wings that go around my sons head were almost resting on the sides of his face. Upon closer examination I realized the foam "wings"had become broken/cracked inward causing it to rest naturally in a position closing in on his face. The only way I can figure this could have happened would have to be from putting my son in and out of the chair. I guess repeatedly small knocks of his head against the edge of the wings eventually cracked the foam. To fix it I tried gluing the foam - no luck. Next, I used duct tape (yes horrible I know) but this did work and I was able to keep the wings held into their original place. As time went by the duct tape stretched and slowly the wings once again closed in on my sons head.  My next step was to contact Britax to see if they could get me a new foam piece to replace the broken one. Before I could contact Britax I by chanced upon a "brand new model (2012)Peg Perego convertible car seat (the same brand as the infant car seat I loved).  I decided 2-3 more years living with a car seat made it worth just sucking it up getting a new peg.It is to soon to say how the peg will work out, but the immediate differences I have noticed are:The seat itself seems a little bit smaller and my son sits up several inches higher making him easily visible in the normal position of my rear view mirror.The side impact wings seem sturdier and have plastic or whatever the seats are made of behind them, not just foam.The fabric is much nicer, feels better made, and far more chic than the Britax.For installation, the Peg also has a tether (which we cannot use) but interestingly recommends in addition to the clips using your cars 3 point seat belt for added stability and safety. According to their manual some cars car seat hooks are not designed for children over 30lbs. Not sure if this is true, but on the off chance did this also.  It took maybe 10 extra minutes and was not to much trouble. Better safe than sorry!I still hope I can get the  Britax car seat fixed properly. We can use it in my husbands car. Either way I am interested to hear what they say.  I will update my review then.Hope this has been helpful!Here is a link to the Peg in case anyone is interested. We bought the licorice one.Peg Perego Convertible Premium Infant to Toddler Car Seat, Black