I am a HUGE fan of the Playtex Baby Lil' Gripper Twist 'n Click 9 Ounce Straw Cup despite the bad reviews. We tried MANY straw cups and, even with its few flaws, the Playtex was BY FAR the easiest to take apart and put back together. The only bad things are that sometimes the pressure causes the liquid to come up out of the straw and after many (MANY) runs through the dishwasher, sometimes the rubber section loses its grip and pops out, rendering the straw and suction useless. But I still liked them enough to save them for baby #2...but I am ALWAYS on the lookout for something new and improved. This time a bit ahead of schedule because my 9m baby decided to skip sippy cups and go straight to straw cups.So I scoured the products and read reviews...and settled on this one.FEATURE: I really liked that the straw goes to the very bottom of the cup.CON: The straw doesn't seem to move around much, so you have to tip the cup to get all the liquid. This even happened when the cup was still about half full.FEATURE: "Modern and innovative in and out straw system stores the straw within the lid to prevent leaks and ensures maximum hygiene."PRO: The straw comes in two sections (like the Playtex) and are super easy to remove and reassemble. There is only one obvious way to do it.FEATURE: "Round ergonomic shape is specially designed for your baby's hands to grip"CON: Not really. My baby--who has almost complete control of the Playtex cup--had a heck of a time holding this...and even more so when it gets covered in bits of food and becomes slippery. It definitely needs some type of grippy on it.FEATURE: "Unique rocking motion engages baby during mealtime"CON: The damn thing gets tipped over by the slightest touch and is actually a bit difficult (as an adult!) to get it set upright. The bottom is ROUNDED HARD PLASTIC with a teeny tiny flat cutout/divot so there's really nothing helping it sit flat. So it tips over. Constantly and repeatedly. My baby wasn't so much engaged as annoyed and frustrated.This product has A LOT going for it just with the ease of assembly...but for me, the cons ruin it completely. I just can't get past the thing always tipping over and my baby not being able to grasp it as easily as the thinner Playtex. THAT SAID, she is only 10 months old (but has been using the Playtex cups for about a month), so I will keep it around and see if it gets easier for her to use as she gets older...but I'm not counting on it.