When we were swaddling our son at night we tried a variety of different swaddles. Aden + Anias, Halo Swaddle Me, and Love to Dream Swaddle Up. Each had features that we liked and others that we didn't like. In the end, the Halo Swaddle became the one we used most often.Tight Swaddle/Fit- You can't really compare the Love to Dream in this category because it is whole different animal. My son did not like having his arms up, but not quite free.  For some babies it might work great - just not ours.- I thought the Aden + Anias was a tighter swaddle than the Halo, meaning it was more difficult for my son to get out of. I think this is in part due to the material (muslin) and the snaps being more secure. My husband however was able to get a super tight swaddle with Halo.- Although my son did not like the concept of the Love to Dream, the fit was great. It was not tight, but it hugged the contours of his body.- I think the Aden + Anias is intended to have a baby cross his arms across his chest. My son wanted his arms at his side when swaddled. When swaddled with his arms down, his little hands would stick out the bottom, which I think was awkward for him. In the Halo, his hand would sometime come out the bottom when he was trying to wiggle out, but it was only occasionally and didn't seem to make him as uncomfortable as with the Aden.- My son grew too long for the Aden way before he grew out of the Halo or Love to DreamMaterial- Love to Dream - I love the material of the Love to Dream. It is a really soft cotton, jersey. The feel reminds me of those t-shirt sheets that used to be really popular.- Aden + Anias - I like the muslin. It is lightweight, which is good for a baby like ours that overheats easily. In the late Fall in Michigan, we swaddled our son in this with only a diaper underneath and he was fine temperature wise. If you have a cold house, or your baby needs more to keep him warm this material may not work well. And as I said above, the helps create a tighter swaddle. My big issue with the muslin is that after a few washes it started to fray. If we used it a lot I don't think it would hold up.- Halo is a medium weight cotton.  It is pretty soft, but not quite as soft as the Love to Dream. It is heavy enough to keep baby warm, but light and breathable enough to not allow him to overheat.Closures- Here is where my biggest issues with the Aden came from. To put baby in this swaddle you stick him in the pouch and then it snaps at the shoulders. You then hold baby's arms down and stretch the smaller panel across baby's body and tuck underneath. Then you take the larger panel and wrap it all the way around baby and snap it in front/side.  There are a few different snap placements so you can get a tight swaddle on different size babies. While this works to create a tight swaddle it is big pain for changing baby in the middle of the night. You have to take baby completely out of the swaddle to change him, which makes him colder and causes more disturbance. The snaps are small, which make them difficult to operate in the middle of the night.- Halo - unzip the pouch, put baby's arms through the arm holes and zip up. The best thing about this is that the zipper zips from top to bottom - so to change baby in the middle of the night you only have to unzip the swaddle up to his waist, if you maneuver correctly you might be able to get away with not even unwrapping his arms. But often the process of changing the diapers loosens the swaddle that you need to rewrap his arms anyway. The arm wraps use Velcro to close. You hold baby's arms at his sides and wrap the smaller panel across his chest and wrap underneath him. Then you take the bigger panel and wrap it around baby and it closes with Velcro. My issue with Halo were mostly due to the Velcro. My baby seems to be able to squirm out Halo more easily. The Velcro could sometime bunch at baby's back. The Velcro is loud, which is problematic when you are trying to rewrap a sleeping baby or keep a partially awake baby from waking more.- Love to Dream - This swaddle's zipper goes one step further than Halo's. It has a double zipper that you can zip up or down. If you are putting baby in the swaddle you zip down and then zip up. When you want to change baby, just zip up from the bottom. The zippers are always attached to the runners at the bottom, so no need to ever fiddle with fitting the two runners together like you have to do on the Halo.One piece of advice I give to my pregnant friends to buy a few different swaddles to figure out which one you like best.  All swaddles have their pros and cons and each baby is different.