I have a large stash of BG 4.0's that I used with my first daughter. The majority of that stash was hand-me-downs, so they had over 4 years of wearing & washing in them. I had replaced the velcro once. The elastic needed replacing and for the amount of time it would take to do each one, I decided to invest in a few more new diapers instead.I got 5 Freetimes, and they go to the bottom of my stash and are mainly used during night-sleeping when my baby rarely poops.Pros:1) No stuffing = time saving, but it's fairly minimal - especially considering that it takes me longer to clean these diapers when they are poopy. When it's just potty, these are super easy!Cons:1) These are bulkier than my 4.0's and you can't downsize the bulk like you can with the 4.0's (newborn inserts), not great for newborns and/or small babies. I also like to use the newborn inserts when I am trying to put the babe in a cute outfit and I don't want her to have a huge cloth diaper booty. These give the biggest diaper booty I have seen in cloth diapering.2) If the pads aren't tucked all the way into the cover you will have wet clothes when the baby wets. Now this might sound like common sense, but usually (and especially with small bladder babies) you can get away with more than one potty in a diaper. This is not always the case with these unless you are completely mindful of making sure the cloth pad is tucked into the diaper cover every time. This might also sound like common sense, but when it's 3am and the baby is crying I am just trying to get her damn diaper on.3) When rinsing out the poop they become a big heavy sopping mess. Luckily I have a utility sink right next to my washer so I can just schlup them in without too much mess, but if you are a dunker/swirler in the toilet before they go to the washer, these would be a total pain. My babies are exclusively breastfed, and I have never been able to just throw the poopy diaper in the washer without giving them a little scrub first. If I do, they come out streaked and yellow.4) Poopy mess. I find it easier to get the poop off the diaper cover, like with the 4.0's, than I do with these. Imagine trying to rinse/scrub the poop off the cloth inserts of the 4.0's.5) Maintenance will be a pain. I usually do a light bleaching of the inserts of my 4.0's about every six months to freshen them up. That won't be possible with these. I understand not everyone bleaches, so this might not make a difference to some people.6) Drying time is longer. With the 4.0's you always want to line dry the cover, but you can throw the cloth inserts in the dryer if you need one or two in a pinch. The covers don't take long to dry and will usually be done when the dryer cycle is done. But with the Freetimes you will have to line dry the entire diaper. These take about 4x as long to dry than my 4.0's.I ended up buying more 4.0's and now when I reach the Freetimes in my stash, I know it's time to wash diapers.***UPDATE after 4 mos of use***Okay, so these aren't so horrible and I gave it one more star. I still prefer my pocket diapers.Baby doesn't like these as much because she can feel the wetness right next to her skin.I like these the most when it comes time to fold diapers, that is the only place where I see these having saved me time.I don't like scrubbing them, it's still a big sopping mess.Still wouldn't buy them again or recommend them over the 4.0's.