I owned a wonderful Graco Metrolite stroller, the predecessor to the UrbanLite, for several years.  I first purchased it on Amazon nearly 8 years ago and used it for my two older kids.  I am kicking myself that I gave it away when a friend had a baby.  :-(  I loved it so much that I came running back to get the UrbanLite when my youngest, now 22 months old, had outgrown her Chicco Liteway.This is a fabulous stroller, just like MetroLite.  Roomy seat - big enough to accommodate a child well into toddlerhood, nice big rubber wheels, insanely large storage basket, comfy padded (and adjustable!) push bar, cup holders for mom & dad, snack tray for kiddo, easy to open/close - it's all there.However, unlike my trusty MetroLite, the fabric on this one is a BEAR to keep clean.  Unless I wanted to order the stroller/carseat combo, which I obviously didn't need, my only choice at Amazon was the Rittenhouse fabric..  It's pretty enough, but every single, solitary crumb or speck of dirt not only shows up on the fabric, it does NOT wipe off easily.  It's a very soft cottony fabric - not the more durable nylon-type fabric I had on the MetroLite (and that's available on most strollers).  Instead of being able to easily swipe off crumbs, dirt and food bits cling to the fabric and then schmear all over the place when I attempt to clean them up.  This isn't such a terrible thing except it's BLACK.  EVERYTHING shows up.  After just a few weeks of use, this thing looks dingy and gross - and we're only giving our kiddo things like Cheerios and Goldfish crackers (and not on every outing!).  It's not like she's painting the seat cusion with peanut butter or mayonnaise.  :/  Additionally, that sweet black-and-white toile print at the footrest is a reeeeally bad idea.  It doesn't take much for that to start looking dirty and dingy.C'mon Graco - put more durable, easier-to-clean fabrics on your strollers or design your strollers so that moms can remove the seat cover and throw it into the washing machine.  If you make a stroller large enough to accommodate toddlers, you can't put on a dainty fabric meant to be seen and not used.