I'll preface this by saying I see many of the reviewers say it's very similar to the Ergo Ergo Baby Carrier Black with Camel Lining which is a very popular and beloved carrier, however not one that I own. My beloved carrier is a Beco Butterfly Beco Butterfly II Baby Carrier with Brown Base, Carnival and I was looking at this carrier to be a backup to that one (why would one need two carriers you might ask, easy... mine is always somewhere else when I need it... either I've forgotten it at home when we are walking at the beach or it's in the car when I need to carry my daughter around while cleaning the house or making dinner so having 2 so I can keep one in the van and another in the house is ideal).Immediately I noticed that it's very well constructed, solid seams and a very well padded pouch for your child and very well padded straps for you. I was really excited to try it out with my almost 22lbs 29" 6 1/2 month old daughter as carrying her around in my arms is exhausting (the main reason I love my Beco, it's sooo easy to carry her around even for extended periods and is very comfortable to wear). I looked over the directions and then attempted to put on the carrier, long story short it was just plain hard to do, so hard infact that I had to have my 6 1/2yr old daughter adjust the straps for me (or at least hand them to me so I could pull them tight) once I had my baby inside. I simply could not reach to do it myself. I'm 5'7" and have a pretty large chest so maybe that compounded with my babies large size was the issue, honestly I'm not sure. Once I had her positioned and everything tightened correctly she was very content but I was miserable. The thickly padded straps were cumbersome, I didn't have good arm movement, and I just wanted it OFF asap. I couldn't imagine walking down the beach collecting shells as I do with my Beco, heck I couldn't imagine vacuuming the floor. I'm hopeful it works better for me in the back carry position which I haven't tried yet as my baby is in a hair pulling stage right now.Why I like the Beco better: obviously as you can tell by what I've already written the main reason is that it's super comfortable for my build. I also really like the fabric options & colors. The Beco also comes with an infant insert so you can use it immediately, this isn't an option with the Boba and is an accessory you must buy with the Ergo. While initially I thought the foot straps were a great idea I realized that they aren't necessary and might actually prove an issue since your child/baby might try to use them to push up making them unstable and driving you nuts ;)I'll update my review once I've had the chance to try it in the back carry position. This is likely a great carrier for the right build of parent but for me, I'll stick with my Beco.