I personally picked out this bag so I only blame myself.  I wanted a messenger bag thinking it would be easier to use when carrying my baby and would be a bag my husband would like.  Well, my husband thinks it is great because he is a big guy and tall enough to carry the thing when it is stuffed with everything I need just to go out for a day and it also does not look like a diaper bag.The problem is with the design of the interior of the bag.  There is one large zippered pocket that is along the back interior.  On the outside of this pocket are three small open pockets - two insulated for bottles and one mesh.  On the inside front is one large pocket with a small velcro closure.  What drives me crazy about this bag is that as soon as you put something as small as a onesie, a pair of socks and a hat in the zippered pocket, a bottle or jar of food in the small pockets, and a thin wipe holder in the velcro pocket, you can't use the main interior space.  Everything blocks access to the bottom of the bag and it narrows as it gets to the top, so if you stuff anything in the bag it is a real hassle to get to the pockets (especially when you have a wiggly baby you are trying to change).  If you put diapers in this section(only four will do it), then they take up too much space to put bottles in the insulated sections.  If you keep the changing pad in the outside back pocket, then the bag gets even bulkier and becomes uncomfortable to carry.Again, this is not a problem for my husband but IF YOU ARE UNDER 5'6" DO NOT BUY THIS BAG.  It will not lie flat against your back without the strap choking you and it is too bulky to carry in the front, especially if you take advantage of the very large two front pockets (and since these have magnetic closures, I do not use these for my wallet, keys or phone and thus these items get put into the interior and get lost among all the stuff I have crammed in there).Finally, after only a couple months of gentle use, the plastic adjustment buckles on the strap broke and the thread along the main outside zipper ripped and frayed.  I didn't have a receipt so Babies R Us would not take it back for an exchange.  So, after being stuck with it for a year I am looking for a new bag.  This one is going to end up in the trunk of my car as an emergency bag.