Wanted to give 3.5 stars but not an option. Gave 3 because need this review to stand out from the stellar 4 star reviews. Would give 4 stars for it's ergonomic carrying comfort. In that regard I'm a huge advocate of this carrier. Well padded cross-back straps evenly distribute weight. Never have back pain. 4 stars for versatility: good for small newborns & up, and can accommodate forward facing and backpack carry.That said, as time has gone on I've run into significant problems using the Gemini, to the point that at baby age 9.5 months we are having to retire it. very frustrating considering the cost of this carrier. 2 factors: 1) Huge believer that adult stature and baby stature, and combination of the two have a lot to do with whether a particular carrier is excellent or terrible for you. 2) I believe there is a slight design flaw. Explain:Newborn (5 lbs). Son too small for carrier. Gemini states it is for 7 lbs infant without need of infant insert. NOT true for us. 7 lb son drowned in the carrier. Purchased the Beco Soleil infant insert and it translated well to the Gemini. Problem solved, except of course the frustration of having to purchase an infant insert when told we wouldn't need one. Gets pricey.Infant: Son quickly outgrew the infant insert. Ease and comfort of carry through 7 months old: excellent. Pro: seat snaps that fold in, creating narrower seat space for comfort for infant carry. Con: is at this stage the straps always hit him right in the face, rubbing his face and encumbering his comfort and view. In the ad photo featured with the man carrying baby, it appears baby's face is not encumbered by the strap. This was NOT true for us. Perhaps because of my large breasts? Poor design considering woman?  I don't know. But That strap pictured was OVER his face. He had better chance of looking under the strap to see.Age 8 months is when the big issues began. Son is in 96th percentile for height & 90th for weight - 22 lbs at 8 months. Contrasting, I am thin, 5'6" 125 lbs. From 6 months baby needed wider seat base so snapped the wide seat into place. I never quite feel like I can get the carrier tight enough around my waist to hold up this giant baby. At 8 months the seat snaps began randomly popping out of place during carry, creating a lopsided baby and giving him red marks where the seat base rests. By 9 months the snaps pop every time I place him in carrier, no matter how carefully I try, how gingerly I walk, how I am SURE to never bend at waist even an inch, no matter face-in or face-out carry. Snaps pop pop pop immediately. PRODUCT FLAW. SHOULD BE STRONG ENOUGH TO HOLD HIS WEIGHT AS ADVERTISED. Again this creates a tiny seat base for my giant son and cuts into his legs. Also I shouldn't have to walk on egg shells like I have been! Mind you! The carry is still VERY comfortable for me, even with a 23 lb 9 month old. But it no longer works for him. So now having to look into buying a new carrier. After the purchase of this pricey carrier AND infant insert, and all the carrier promises about reaching 30 lbs no problem, is very disappointing.In conClusion, it really just depends on your personal situation, stature, and baby stature. BUT I definitely believe the snaps that can't hold as advertised are a product flaw.