Being a proud owner of multiple reusable snack bags, I can confidently say that ReUsies aren’t as durable and effective as the rest of the bags. ReUsies aren’t able to handle the abrasion that faces snack bags. Frankly speaking, snack bags aren’t handled in a fragile manner. Days after buying the bags, the stitching on the bags started to come out. I had to stitch them back. It seems this might have made the situation worse since the bags started to retain water after every wash and would not be dry enough for next day. I wasn’t ready to start eating stale sandwiches and have since discontinued use and I now use mine for tasks other than carrying food. I recommend LunchSkins reusable bags. They withstand the attrition. You can smash cherries inside a LunchSkin bag and scrub to remove the stain and the bag will still remain undamaged. This though is not the case with ReUsies. It got torn after a few scrubs. I suspect the scrubbing was what made the stitches loosen up. If you are going to wash ReUsies then it is better to hand wash the bags. Also, they take long to dry up probably caused by the weak stitches. ReUsies are made from Cotton on the outside and nylon inside. This is unlike LunchSkins that have one fabric making up the whole bag which ensures their durability. Plus ReUsies bags started fading pretty quickly. On the positive side, ReUsies are environmentally friendly and like with other reusable bags, you can use them to store other things like in my case. They are handy when you are walking your dog. You can put in some of its snacks. They also have varying sizes meant to suit your preferences. The small size bags are 6 by 5 inches and are meant to store your pretzels, crackers etc. in small quantities. For sandwich lovers like I, there are larger sizes that are 7.5 by 6 inches. On tops, it uses Velcro for sealing. I love that because Velcro is lead and phthalate free. The chemical Phthalate has been known to cause birth deformities. Velcro also allows for easy adjustment of the bag to permit whatever is inside to fit well. This is a nice reusable bag that you can use for other things other than food. Or if you have to, then hand wash the bag to prevent it from tearing up. After tearing up it will not be airtight anymore.