I was skeptical of this thing when I first saw it considering it was priced far lower than most of the other car seats. My wife urged me to order one so we could save a few bucks so to make her happy I did so. I was impressed with the head restraint when I saw it in person. I don't doubt it would do a great job in the event of a side collision. I was not impressed with the overall size of the thing though. Once installed it rendered the front passenger seat of both our cars useless (I tried it in each one). It was difficult to position properly on leather seats and I had to use a rolled up towel and pool noodle to get it to sit right. Tightening the LATCH connectors was difficult because the tension buckle made it difficult to pull the straps tight.Things went fine with it for about a week. Then the strap that you pull to tighten the shoulder straps started getting difficult to pull and kept getting worse. Eventually we found ourselves putting way to much effort into tightening the shoulder straps and didn't want to see how much worse it got in the 2 years we planned on owning this. So I returned the one I got, marked as "Defective" and got another.2 weeks later, same exact thing happened. The tension strap started off fine and kept getting progressively more and more difficult to pull. So I returned it and got another, thinking 3rd time is the charm.1 week after getting the 3rd one the same thing happened and I knew I was done with it. In all three cases the problem seemed to revolve around the buckle as I didn't see anything wrong with the straps and made sure they weren't rubbing against the noodle or towel that I had to use to position it correctly.Bottom line, if you pay $150 for something that other companies are charging way more for, you're going to get what you pay for. Look at the bright side, the thing will never loosen up in the event of an accident!I ended up getting a Britax Marathon 70-G3 and am very happy with it as it's MUCH easier to install, has an adjustable base, and doesn't take up as much space in our cars which means that our front seat is usable again.