I purchased this for the same reason most other people did...it came with a matching bassinett and pack-n-play.  Others complained about the bassinett being too small, but babies aren't supposed to sleep in one for more than a few months anyways.  My baby outgrew it around 3 months old, which I feel is appropriate.  I got it for around $149, which I felt to be a good deal, and it is a nice neutral tan color...the only 2 reasons I gave this 2 stars rather than 1.First, it is HEAVY!  That is the pack-n-play (PNP) when folded up in it's bag.  That could be considered a good thing, because it is well-built and sturdy...but it is unneccessarily heavy.  Also, when you fold it up and put it in the carrying bag...the bottom part hangs out...what is with that??  It makes it difficult to carry because the legs & wheels are sticking out the side of the bag to catch anything it bumps into (like if you are trying to load it in a trunk with other items).Second, this thing is about impossible to fold & unfold.  I have spent entire too much time fighting with this thing to make it do what it is supposed to do much easier.  Sometimes I have to have the bottom pushed in before connecting the side rails, sometimes I have to have the bottom up...doesn't make any sense and frustrates the poop out of me.  I almost broke it one day out of frustration and I am not an angry person.  While I feel it is built better than most PNP's, moving it around is not practical with it's faulty fold/unfold design.  I imagine I will break the plastic release buttons soon because so much force is needed to fold it.Third...I never used the changing table portion of the bed, but would imagine if I did it would not be fun because of the way things are positioned.  It is too low and the storage pockets are on the wrong side.Fourth...My last complaint, but this really applies to all PNP's...why don't they make a cover for these that is washable and zips on?  Or velcros on the bottom?  And have it be waterproof!!  The padded bed part that folds up in 4 sides to wrap around the bed before putting in the carrying bag has 4 pieces of essentially particle board inside.  As we all know...particle board doesn't do well in moist environments and will begin to mold if not kept dry.  Even the little bit of drool babies have during the night can and will RUIN the padded bottom of all PNP's.  There can be mold there and you don't know it.  No way to wash them...only prevent it from happening by using waterproof liners and sheets.  There has to be a better way....For the price of this, buy something else.  :)