This is a great bag for everyday errands with one baby. The stroller straps are very convenient and it has a good amount of pockets for both baby stuff and the stuff you would normally carry in a purse. I use the 2 wide zippered pockets on the front for wallet and make-up and gum. The 2 small side by side zippered pockets on the very front of the bag are good for your cell phone and keys and hand-sanitizer. Part of why I chose this bag was because I liked that there was a zippered pocket above the place where the diaper changing pad is, so I can keep extra diapers AND diaper ointment right there. The mesh bottle holders on the sides of the bag are great for water bottles. My only problem is that when you use all the pockets on the outside of the bag, it is very hard to get to the stuff you shove into the center of the bag. I manage to fit an extra onesie or outfit, a 9oz bottle and several 8 oz bottles of formula, one receiving blanket and one burp cloth and maybe 5 extra diapers. This is on top of the extra diapers and wipes in the back pocket and all the other stuff I put in the front pockets. I could fit more stuff inside the bag if I needed to (like a few little cardboard books, another bottle, maybe a toy), but it's already pretty packed.It's a great bag, easy to carry as a messenger bag or to strap onto your stroller or shopping cart. I love having my purse stuff in those 2 wide front pockets because it makes it easy to switch to a regular purse if I run out on my own. But this bag could really just use more space on the inside. They should remake it with the exact same set-up but just more fabric!EDITED TO ADD: I was frustrated by the lack of room in the bag when using the outer pockets and resigned myself to carrying a purse in addition to this bag. But after only 2 months of use, one of the inside pockets completely ripped from its trim and is fraying. I am sending this bag back and I bought a Ju Ju be BFF instead. After doing a ton of research, I've found that Ju Ju Be bags have a reputation for being very durable and they also have extremely functional design.