i have had these for over six months now and at first i really liked them. or at least i told myself that...now, i am not so sure. the problems i encountered may be typical of any reusable pouch. i think it would be hard to get one that is "perfect" without being prohibitively expensive.i purchased these to use on the go with my baby, a 3 year old and a 5 year old. they all love pouches but those things are expensive, go straight in the landfill, and are usually glorified applesauce or sugared up low-fat yogurt which is not my ideal snack. i wanted to give them something with protein and healthy fat to keep them full and not just give them a sugar buzz. these are attractive and study and seal well. very, VERY well. i read reviews about them being hard to open, and the manufacturer's tips for opening them correctly by applying pressure in a certain way before pulling the zipper part apart. when they are clean and empty, they are kinda hard to open but not too bad- and i have very small fingers with fingernails so i think anyone with larger hands would end up cursing these things. because it is a double track seal, you have to be able to get your fingers in to the seal and press down while you are pulling out, i know that makes no sense but bear with me. it is not rocket science but it is awkward. the real problem is, the other half of the time when you need to open them is to clean them out. and at that point they may have a little food smudged on them or condensation from being in a lunch box or whatever, point is they will have some residual moisture inside the seal and on the outside and it is dang near impossible to open it up with any ease. you can do it, but be prepared for it to take you a couple minutes. frustrating. then you have to try and get it clean, with a pretty small opening, which is hard to do and will take more time than you like. so even a self proclaimed slob such as myself feels a little grossed about reusing them. since they don't open wide, it is also hard to air them out. i put them in the dishwasher just to make sure, but am i really sure they are clean? not really. i am not a germophobe and i always do the sniff test to check that they don't have any lingering smells, but it is still a pain altogether.okay and filling them up? somedays it seemed to be easier than others. i almost always fill them with full fat greek yogurt (rather thick) and frozen wild (small) blueberries with a drizzle of honey. i had to get the hang of not overfilling, which is hard because you want to make the most of it, especially if it is feeding a toddler. no matter how much i put in though, it was hard not to have it squish out some when i was sealing it. not a huge deal, i would just lick it off and wipe it clean, but kind of annoying. i may be a slob but i don't enjoying licking up messes. usually. i usually just filled them up with a spoon because i couldn't figure out any better way. so you better zen out and focus or that spoon will smear your food all over the teeny opening. it is just barely big enough to be functional but by no means generously sized. sealing it is easy, it always seemed to seal the first time, no guesswork there at least.to top it off, i don't think they hold enough. it would be okay for a baby, but any child over 18 months old will suck this thing dry in a fraction of the time that you spend filling and cleaning it. to me that is frustrating.so as you have probably gathered- these things are almost more trouble than they are worth. it takes too much effort to use them so now after six months, they sit rarely used in my kitchen cabinet. at first i was so happy to save $$, make less waste, and control the ingredients in my kids snacks. i have learned a lesson, that if something isn't getting used, it is not saving me $$. i think i will try my luck with the silicone push-up style snack holders that you can use for frozen yogurt and smoothies. they hold more and seem to be easier to clean and fill up. although that will not work with my 15 month old, yet, in a short time he will be able to handle that and i can say bye-bye to pouches.i would recommend these with strong reservations. for the price, they are durable and you won't have to worry about leaks. some of the problems i have noted may be relevant to any reusable pouch- hard to clean, hard to fill, takes more effort than you'd like. but if you are really gung-ho and use a lot of pouches for your baby, and don't mind spending 3-4 minutes on either end of filling and cleaning, then go for it.i know sometimes you just need to give something to baby on the go that keeps them occupied and is better than cheerios! and spending 10 minutes making it is worth it because a younger baby might stay occupied with this for that long or more. good luck, folks :)