I have a toddler and newborn, and walk a lot, so I wanted to get a double jogger stroller that would handle the bumps on my neighborhood sidewalks and also other treks.Pros:*Nice and high - perfect for tall people like my husband and me*Seats are straight - with the Expedition stroller, the seats tilt inward and are really weird - my daughter was NOT a fan when we tested it out at the store*Good protection in front/harness is good*Lots of storage space in baskets, and lots of little pockets on canopyCons:*Not a swiveling stroller! This is my BIGGEST beef with the stroller, and, frankly, with the selection at Babies R Us. I've seen double joggers that swivel on other websites (Schwinn makes a great one), but since I was buying this with gift cards, I was limited to the TWO that Babies R Us carries. A single stroller that doesn't swivel is one thing, but when you double the weight it makes steering even more difficult! I had my daughter and niece in it, and together they weigh about 80lbs, and it wasn't much fun to pop the front wheel up in order to turn! I guess if you're walking mostly straightaways that isn't much of a problem, but it's really very annoying. Almost to the point where I have considered returning it...but again, there's the issue of this being the best I can get off of the BRU website.*Seat Height - my daugther is only 2.5, and although she's tall for her age, her head hits the canopy when it's down!*The seat is open at the back when reclined - I read other reviews that mentioned this and didn't realize how bad it was until I saw it for myself. A child really can, pretty easily, climb out the back of the stroller. And it doesn't take them very long to figure out that it's really fun to flip over and stick their heads out the back.If I had to do it over again, and didn't have to use gift cards for this purchase, I would definitely have gone with the Schwinn Safari double stroller. It's less expensive and a much easier stroller to maneuver (I tried out my friend's so I know this first-hand).