I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the frame. I love the white frame, silver lining around the picture/prints, and black ink, it all looks very nice together. However, I was disappointed for two reasons, hence the three star review.I took away one star because like other reviews stated, the ink pad truly is too small. I had to use a different ink pad which was very messy but still turned out okay (but was an additional cost). There really is no way to get a decent print of the hand with the ink pad that's provided if your baby is on the bigger size. I even lined up the ink pad to the hand print they have displayed and it wouldn't fit. You should be able to get a print of the foot with the ink pad provided, so an idea would be to have two foot prints instead of a hand and a foot, but I didn't want to do this so I had to use a different ink pad.The second reason I took away a star is because the options that Amazon displays for the phrases under the picture are NOT the options that you receive with the frame... VERY frustrating, because the whole reason I bought the frame was to get the "I love Grandma" phrase which is shown in the picture description... The picture on Amazon shows at least 14 different phrases in English, along with different years, but what you really receive is the different years and ONLY 6 phrasing options (which is less than half of what's shown), in different languages (English, French, German, and Spanish). The phrases you are able to choose are: "my first prints", "my baby", "my first year", "my little prints", "our baby", and "my birthday". I contacted customer service about this and they said there's nothing they can do, as they stopped making the old phrasing and all that's available is what was sent. I kindly suggested that they updated their picture/item description then. To solve the problem, I just made an "I love Grandma" phrase on the computer and used that instead. Still a headache though.Overall, I wouldn't suggest spending the $25 to purchase this frame. It seems like a project that could easily be done for cheaper and less hassle by buying the supplies and making the stuff yourself.In summary:Pros:Nice sized frameBeautiful looking frame/matting colorsPhrasing comes in different languages (if needed)No mess ink pad is a good idea, and may work for small to very small babiesExtra cards are provided for foot/hand prints in case of mistakesCons:Ink pad MUCH too small for hand printAdditional cost/time to purchase another ink pad to make project workLimited amount of phrasing optionsPhrasing not what's shown in item description$25 seems a bit pricey