This is the 2nd of these wipe warmers that I've had.  I've tried a couple of warmers and this is the best that I've come across.  My favorite feature is the fact that the warmer doesn't just have a cord that goes straight to the outlet--it has a disconnect feature that allows you to temporarily move it to the floor while you change your baby (which is my preferred location).  However, there is one critical design flaw--the first one died because the cord gave out at the point where it disconnects.  Oh, well--it lasted through 2 babies, so I thought I'd get another of the same type.  Now this one is starting to do the same thing.  Now, in all fairness, it DOES get tugged on from time to time by babies (or the older siblings) and if that didn't happen, I suspect even the first one would still be fine.  However, in the real world, it's sometimes impossible to prevent such things.  As such, I really wish that Munchkin would make their cord out of a thicker gauge wire that could withstand a bit more abuse.  I would gladly pay a few extra dollars for that.  ... or trade out the night light; I think that's a completely useless feature as it isn't quite bright enough to be all that helpful for middle-of-the-night changes (I'm very happy not to be in that stage anymore, by the way...).My other beef with this product is the lid (not the little green lid, but the large lid you would open to refill).  It is locked closed by 2 little "switches" on the sides.  It seems that they tend to fall to the "unlocked" position at the most inconvenient times (i.e. just as you are getting ready to change a particularly messy diaper), but then when you want to open it (like if the next wipe didn't feed through the opening the way it was supposed to), you have to coax it a little too much.  It's a prime example of Murphy's Law at work.  I would prefer something that you press a single button and the top pops open, then you "click" it back down into place.  Something like that.Let me reiterate, however, that this is the best one I've used yet.  The wipes are evenly warmed, there is no browning, they don't ever get dried out (unless you forget and leave the lid open) and it holds the right number of wipes--a large pack completely fills it which is good because you want to be able to load it with whatever brand of wipes you have at the time, but you don't want it to be so big that the heat doesn't reach the last wipes (that will always be a problem to some extent, but I have no complaints with this one).  The little green lid is easy to operate and I do really appreciate being able to temporarily move it to where ever I need it.  If I was in the market for another warmer, I'd get this one again (unless another version came out with a thicker cord--then I'd get that instead).