Things that I like about this diaper pail:- Size - this holds a LOT of diapers, it definitely holds more than my (newer) diaper champ.- Ease of use - foot pedal plus a drop down opening for the diaper to go through, plus the height of the pail makes it easy to use one handed- Bags - it comes with a refill of bags pre-installed. The bags feed continuously, you tie the bottom off to create a closure in the bottom of the bag, and then the door h-as a bag cutter that works well when the pail is full. If you don't want to use their refills you can use a regular bag .What I don't like about this diaper pail:- Odor control - It would seem like it should have good odor control because there are essentially two pieces of plastic on the top to keep the pail closed, but the truth is that is has very poor odor control. Let me clarify, because some people are writing that it works well and others have reported that it doesn't. Parents of older babies and kids can tell you that when a baby starts eating a food that is predominantly BM or formula, their stools don't smell that bad (at least in comparison for what is to come). This pail holds the odors of my newborn's diapers very well and I have had no issues with his diapers. I stuck ONE poop diaper from my 2 year old in the pail and a couple hours later my entire upstairs area smelled awful.This diaper pail works well for young babies as far as odor control, but the diaper champ that we use for our downstairs area is the clear winner for odor control for both babies diapers. The plastic on the diaper champ is thicker, and the closure is different, so that probably helps. The reason why I purchased this diaper pail rather than another diaper champ is because the diaper champ doesn't hold as many diapers as this pail does. This pail is larger and can hold more diapers. Both pails give you the option to use a regular trash bag, which is very appealing to me because I can use the same bags that I use for our kitchen trash bin. I think this pail will need to be replaced in a year or so when my baby starts having some seriously stinky diapers, but for now I am going to continue using it.