I like this chair, yet I don't.  Why?  Well...The Good:  I like how the chair itself can be made taller or shorter.  Being able to adjust the tilt of the tray and the chair is really nice.  It allows me to be able to adjust the chair according to her size.  The tray design is very handy.  They have made it so you can remove and put it on with buttons on the side and you can remove or put it on with one hand wile holding your child with a button on the front.  Super handy!  I also like that the padding and straps are removable for washing.  So far these things have been really good.The Bad:  Pretty much I like everything about this chair, except the STRAPS.  What a pain.  There are only two holes in the chair to adjust the height of the straps.  With my child she is being pushed down or if we raise them, the straps come to the top of her head and rub on her ears.  Their needs to be a middle hole  for the height adjustment.  When you get this chair you will have to put the straps on yourself.  ARG!  You will have to shove a thick piece of strap through a tine hole in the back to attach them to the chair.  After wiggling and shoving I had to find a pair of pliers to help pull the straps through!  Plus to attach the shoulder straps to the waist strap you have to do the same thing.  The instructions tell you to do this by taking the longer part and putting it through, however the longer part was the wrong part!  You will see, if you get this chair, pain!  And pain is right.  I have banged my elbows and knuckles a bunch trying to get the straps on and off so I can wash the padding.  One little thing, the top of the tray is not smooth, there are little indents in it.  With  the tray being like this the suction cup toys that are meant for trays, won't stick.  Annoying...So, if it wasn't for the straps, I would have given it more stars.  Plus, for the reviews that say food slips down under the padding and makes a stinky mess.  Ummm...  If ya check it once in a while and clean it, the smelly mess wont be there.