We received this as a gift for our 6 month old, and I could not wait to get the Jumperoo set up. Unfortunately after several hours of fighting with equipment I decided to return the item. While my spouse and I have been happy with all the other fisher price items we have this one was difficult to assemble, had poor assembly interactions, and lacked in quality.I took time to review the instructions so I would know what to expect however that was not necessary because the pieces did not fit together. I was shocked at how compact the packaging was for this item knowing the dimensions of the jumper. If the designers or engineers would have spent as much time on the design of the jumper instead of trying to place it in the smallest package possible I am sure we would still have this jumper in our home.The assembly was a challenge because the base formed a circle while the overhead supports formed and oval and the pieces fought one another as you worked to put the jumper together. I must of pinch my fingers a dozen times or more trying to use the spring loaded pins that are designed to hold the pieces together. The spring tensions varied and as a result some of the pieces were very simple to assemble and some were impossible. Three adults with tools literally could not assemble the third and final support. The design lacks stability which made the attempted assembly process awkward and clumsy. The quality and consistency of the pieces was poor at best as each piece had flaws. Some of the pre drilled holes used to secure the pieces were of center making it impossible to lock the spring loaded pins into place. Some of the spring loaded pins had so much resistance that it was a painful process to worn the pin into the predrilled hole to secure the legs to the base of the frame. My husband and I were very disappointed in the struggle to assemble the product.We ended up returning this item and purchasing a Baby Enstien jumper. Thankfully returning items through Amazon is a simple process and we now have a jumper the kids can enjoy.Do yourself a favor and avoid the nightmare that is the fisher-price precious blue sky jumper!