Well, I am torn between rating this really high and really low. Basically, it worked great up until a few days ago. I had zero issues with this monitor until three days ago (I paired the unit with two cameras to monitor both of my kids) and I actually LOVED it. It was easy to set up and easy to use. But, then it just stopped powering on one day. I did a little research and it sounds like this is a very common problem. Summer is happy to replace the unit if it falls within the one year warranty, but unfortunately my does not. They have a Loyalty Pricing Program so you can purchase a brand new unit at a discounted rate and I am waiting to hear back from them to see what the discount is.If this same issue happens to you and you are within the one year warranty, you should know that you have to receive your monitor before they will provide you with a new one. This is kind of a bummer if you are using this for small children as you will be without a monitor for a couple of weeks. That being said, the customer service has been great so far. I used the "contact us" link on their website and they responded with a very helpful email the next day.If you are still considering buying this monitor, here are some things I liked and didn't like about it.Pros:- I love the ability to pan/tilt the camera remotely. This is so helpful if you have the camera close to the crib/bed and your kid is a wiggly sleeper. You can simply adjust the camera angle and you are good to go. Probably my favorite feature.- I like that you can pair multiple cameras to one parent unit.- You can view one camera at a time or choose to cycle through each camera view (at an 8 second interval).- The sound is very good- You can choose to mute the sound, which is helpful if you are letting your baby learn to self-soothe to sleep or if your toddler is "napping" and you don't want to listen to him playing/talking/singing in his crib. It's cute until you have to concentrate on something else. :)Cons:- I wish the screen was a bit bigger and had the ability to view multiple cameras simultaneously.- The belt clip isn't the best and if you are moving around it falls off a lot.Neutral:- The picture is OK. If the room is fully lit and the camera is close-ish to your baby the picture is great and in color, but if the camera is semi-far away (10 ft+) it gets pretty fuzzy at night. This is not a deal breaker for me, but it might be for some.So, three days ago I would have rated this monitor 4 1/2 stars because none of the cons are deal breakers for me and I loved this monitor, but now I would rate it one star (for customer service).