If this diaper had a little more room in the waist and thigh, I'd give it a 4-star rating.I normally sew my own but my son has outgrown his old diapers faster than I can find the time to sew new ones, so I've been looking for a few big cloth diapers to get by until I can replenish my stash of homemade diapers.  This isn't it for me.Even though this diaper is supposed to go up to 40 pounds, I don't think it will unless you have a very slender, very tall child.  My 11-month old is 25 pounds and 30" tall and needs it on the biggest setting.  There's a bit of room in the waist and thigh but not much, especially around the thigh.  My son has a chunky build, and I think he'll be able to wear this to 30 pounds - maybe 35 if I push it.  On the flip side, if you're buying this for a newborn, it should fit well from day one because it has such a slim fit and is very trim for a cloth diaper (will put up a picture soon).Pros:-Very trim fit for jeans and tighter clothing-High quality construction-Soft material-Cute colors-Easy to use snap sizing system-Natural and Organic Fabrics-Snaps down very small.  The smallest setting would have fit my son as a 6-pound newborn in the rise, waist, and thigh from day one.-The insert is trim and absorbent and would be good to use in other diapers.Cons:-After one washing, the fleece lining looked terrible-Not as "stay dry" feeling as my homemade dipes (I use 200 weight Malden Mills fleece)-The wide part of the insert goes in the back instead of the front, which doesn't make much sense-Not absorbent enough for overnight or naps (my son is heavy wetter)-Not much room for extra stuffings-Very slim fit.  My son has an 18" or 19" waist and already needs it on the largest setting.  It's a little bit loose but the next smallest waist snap is way too tight and the rise is fine as is.-The fleece gussets are prone to compression leaks and also make the leg opening a tight fit.Bottom line?  Depending on what you need and what you're looking for in a diaper, this could be a dream or twenty bucks down the drain.  If your chunky baby is over 6 months, you probably won't get much use out of it.  If you have a heavy wetter or want to use it for sleeping, riding in the car, going out, etc., look elsewhere.  If you're buying this for a newborn or a slender baby, go for it.  If you want something to grab to wear under tighter outfights, this is the one.Still not sure?  See if you can borrow one from someone because it comes delivered in a hermetically sealed plastic pouch so you can't try it on or look at it without ripping the bag open which means no returns if you don't like it.  I bought 2 but thankfully only opened one.  I'll keep the one I opened mainly for any future children, but I'm returning the closed one.