My husband and I registered for the Malawi travel system back in November 2005. We started using it in February 2006 when our son was born and haven't had any serious problems. We chose this travel system mainly because it was cute, and because it felt heavy duty and the stroller steered very smoothly. If I could do it all over again, I wouldn't have bought a travel system at all.The pros:- Cute animal theme; blue, green, and silver colors were prettier than brown or black- triangular handle on car seat and stroller is comfortable to hold- Instructions were easy to follow. We used the LATCH system to install the car seat base into our 2005 Honda Element and it doesn't budge at all!!!- We liked being able to leave our son sleeping in the car seat while we attached it to the stroller and went shopping.- The stroller has a nice large, sturdy basket drink holders and covered storage tray for parents. The storage tray is a great place for my cell phone and keys.- The sun canopies on the car seat and stroller are excellent on this system! You can use them both at the same time when the car seat is attached to the stroller to completely block baby from sun or bad weather. I also liked the fact that they stayed where you put them and didn't fall back like I experienced with some canopies at the store.The Cons:- Way too HEAVY!!! Eveything is heavy!! The car seat and stroller are unnecessarily heavy.- When you collapse the stroller, the tray folds underneath and rubs on the ground. Ours has nicks and scratches on the end of the baby tray now which could scratch his fingers.- The brakes on the stroller are a pain in the butt to operate with your foot. I have to use my hand to release the brake.- The handle on the car seat is very hard to raise and lower. You have to use both hands and press very hard. And the button to release the car seat straps is very hard to press.Overall, this travel system has served its purpose. Now that our son is 5 months old and weighs 20 pounds already, we have to get him a new car seat. I want to just get rid of the whole travel system and get a lightweight stroller for him. The Malawi stroller is great for long days at the mall or a trek around an amusement park, but it doesn't seem worth keeping the heavy thing around just for that. I am a 5'9" female and I dread having the lift the stroller up to put it back in the car at the end of the day. Also, the wheels seem to not be as smooth as they used to be.