I really feel obligated to leave feedback on this product. We bought this plate for our 18 month old daughter. I was initially going to purchase several because I wanted plates with rubber grips on the bottom, but read another customer review that mentioned that the artwork appeared to be or have clear stickers. I thought I'd try one out first because surely they must've been misused in some way to allow the "stickers" to peel, or perhaps they were simply protective stickers that you must first remove before using.Once I received the plate, I could easily feel with my fingers that the artwork on the plate was indeed three separate stickers for each divided section, about the size of the entire section they covered. They weren't simply clear stickers there to protect the artwork either as they were really stuck to the plate and couldn't be removed. My daughter used it a couple of times (in between soap and water sponge washes) and to my dismay pieces of the clear stickers began coming up! Who makes a plate (for children nevertheless) and puts stickers on it right where the food is supposed to go!! All my daughter did was eat from the plate with her baby fork and spoon to get pieces of the stickers to start coming up. You can feel the little holes in the stickers from the fork and spoon marks in the center of them. If you don't mind your child slowly consuming these plastic stickers over time, then this plate will be fine for you I guess. The artwork around the brim of the plate is fine and isn't a sticker, so I don't understand why there are stickers in the three food sections.The one good thing about the plate and the main reason for me purchasing it is that the rubber gripping on the bottom is great. It doesn't easily slide on table surfaces. The plate itself feels like it's well made, but whoever's decision it was to simply throw some clear stickers on it for the illustrations should be fired!! We'll just be using this so she can at least eat her crackers from it I guess.