My son is nearly 15 months old now, and he has never, ever taken to sippy cups.  I tried every sippy cup out there in every texture and softness to no avail.  What finally worked was (certain) straw cups, and I was generally happy that we might just skip sippy cups altogether, especially since there are some who believe sippy cups may be orthodontically problematic.  (I'm not sure if that's true or not, as I'm not an orthodontist, but if it is, I'm happy to skip them.)  I actually bought these Nuk cups a while back (maybe when my son was 6 months old) in an attempt to get my son used to the idea of drinking from a cup.  At that time he had no idea what to do with the spout, but that wasn't surprising.A week ago, in an attempt to move him off of straw cups and onto regular cups, I pulled these Nuk cups back out and tried them without the diaphragm to see how he would do, since I expected the milk to just pour out rather than have to be sucked out, like the straw cups.  At least this time he seemed to have an idea of what to do with the cup in that he took it in his hands and put it to his mouth to apparently drink.  He did this for a little while, and then when he no longer wanted it, I noticed he had hardly drunk any milk.  I turned the cup upside down and also just to the side (e.g., the angle at which one might drink), and nothing came out of the spout, which is weird because there was no diaphragm stopping the milk from basically pouring out.  I tried the cup myself to see what would happen, and I still had to suck on the spout to get the milk to come out.  As such, these cups are only maybe slightly less difficult to drink from than they are with the diaphragm.  (I have tried it several times over the past week with my son and have unfortunately gotten the same result.)I'm not knocking the cups in general - I'm guessing if your child is starting to outgrow a sippy cup, then this cup might be the next logical step, assuming they already have the "suck on the hard spout" thing down - but for a child who never seemed to know what he was supposed to do with a sippy cup, these don't seem to do the trick, even without the diaphragm.  Perhaps the laws of physics cease to exist in my kitchen, but I honestly have no idea why liquid would not just pour out of them without the diaphragm.  (I swear, they're clean, too - when I used them way back when, I only tried them with water and cleaned them immediately - so there's no gunk or anything clogging the spout.)As far as leaking, they definitely don't leak if the diaphragm is in there.  Oddly enough, with the diaphragm out, milk was able to splash out of the cup when my son knocked it on its side.  Not a ton, but enough that required a small, damp paper towel to clean up.  What's funny is that milk will splash out without the diaphragm, but when I *want* milk to come out, it doesn't seem to want to.Anyway, point being, this cup may work very well for your child.  It appears to me to be a nice transition.  However, for my child it wasn't the greatest.  I just want people to realize that if your child is not receptive to hard spouts, this might not be the cup for you.  As with every single cup out there, there are people who love them and people who hate them, so it's all trial and error, but perhaps my experience with these cups will be helpful for some.