I read several of the existing reviews before ordering and then again during installation. I agree with nearly everything the other reviewers have written. Therefore, I'll focus my comments on differences in my uses for the gate, my install experiences, my work-arounds, and my recommendations for design improvements (are you listening, Summer Infant?)My Intended Use:  unlike most buyers, I bought this product to deter my 32-pound Shetland Sheepdog from tracking oceans of mud onto my recently painted deck while my house is listed for sale. Since I know this product is not intended for outdoor use, I'll not comment on how it's holding up, and frankly, it's too soon to tell. Other reviewers have commented favorably on the gate's sturdiness and on its paltry opening width. I concur with both assessments.My Install Experiences:  The instructions are barely adequate. I have extensive engineering experience, including experience writing detailed repair manuals, assembling kits, and installing products at least as complex as this baby gate. While there are photos to illustrate each instruction step, the photos are overly dark (poorly lighted), and rarely done in enough close-up to yield adequate depiction of features. Hint: Why not a link to an installation video on a website?While this product is overall fairly wwell-engineered, it seems flimsy, even after installation. With its tension-only mounting,I'd hate to rely on this gate to seriously deter a determined three-year old who wanted to get through it. It would not hold up to any child nicknamed "Tank."  And it could use an option to tie the gate's frame directly to wooden house superstructure via mounting brackets screwed directly into wood instead of (just) tensioning screw pads. Seriously.Another shortcoming in the instructions is lack of an admonition to mount the frame so that it is both plumb and level. Given uneven floors in many homes, this could be a problem, given the dependence of the tensioning system on applying force perpendicular to wall surfaces.  This device will not mount easily or securely in a non-level, non-plumb opening.My Work-Arounds: This last problem led to my most important work-around. Recognizing that my geometrically so-so deck opening demanded a plumb-and-level install to make the screw tensioning work at all, I had to rig a support structure to raise the assembled parts of the gate (held together by nothing but friction between parts and steel pins at this point) off the wooden floor to center it in the opening. The shipping box came in handy, as I cut it into strips and taped many of them together to make a set of shims that finally got the whole rig off the floor and level enough to begin screwing out the tensioning bolts. My assistant (I.e., wife) held it up while I got it mostly mounted and then fine-tuned the tension.  Hint to manufacturer: provide two more screw devices, similar to the tensioning mounts, that insert into vertical holes in the bottoms of two of the gate uprights, to assist the user in achieving a level starting point for attaching the sides of the assembly.Next came the God-awful latching mechanism. First of all, it's nowhere near baby-proof. Since my need is dog-proof, I think I'm safe until Rover grows opposable thumbs. However, that's not the primary problem. To put it simply, the latching mechanism is downright hinky.  The mysterious "bottom latch" far from guarantees the bottom of the gate securely latching closed.  And opening the gate requires the operator to both lift the gate and depress a button (takes two hands) while swinging the gate open. Try that with a baby or anything else occupying an arm.  Imperfect. Since raising the gate defeats the bottom latch, I solved the top latch problem by simply taping down and out of the way the silly top latch (a Watergate fix, as it were.). Redesign it, 'cuz it is hard to work an not secure. Here's a suggestion: Replace the two latches with a latch consisting of a rod that passes through a loop at the top of the gate and a hole/detent in the bottom rail.  This wold be secure and a simple one handed operation.  And no more "raising the gate."Because my need involves a for-sale house, my next jerry-rigging involved making a pair of labels with PowerPoint, to instruct casual users (i.e., agents, brokers, and prospective buyers) in how to evade the insipid twin latches. With the improvised labels taped in place, finally, it was Miller time.My recommendations for Improvements:I mentioned the latch. I mentioned the more secure into-wood mounting option.  I mentioned the improved installation photos. I I mentioned the operating labels for the latch-and-lift trick.I didn't mention this one. Given that most people installing one of these things likely works five days a week, the buyer might enjoy access to an 800 number that's actually answered on weekends.  By a human.  Summer Baby's 800 number is not.I probably won't be updating this review, so good luck, prospective buyers, and caveat emptor.  I hope this review helps.