I ordered this chair as I do not want a plastic high chair--yuck!-- in our home, and a hook on chair was the stylish alternative our friends in paris chose to deal with their limited space as well.  I love love love the pink and brown fabric of this chair which both goes with our decor and fits our daughter.  The chair was really very padded on both the back and bottom, though I could still feel the bar through the back, right where our daughters head was leaning at this age.  I think the chair would've fit a rather large child as is shown in the picture, weight limit listed on the box is 33lbs (15kg) but cannot attest to that as our daughter is only 17lbs.  The chair would've been able to fold flat easily if we had wanted it to or wanted to, but it did not come with a carrying case, which if we were using this as a traveling high chair for dining out I would've wanted.Only problem with the chair is it didn't fit our table's skirt, which is only 3".  Our skirt is close to the edge of the table as is usual, only a 1" overhang. Hoping the chair would work I attempted to attach the chair to the lip of the table tightening the clamp as high as it would go.  It tightened fine and held the chair to the table--even tried it with our daughter in it and it held, just would not have been safe as we plan on using this often and until she is in a regular chair.  I measured the distance of the top bar that lies on the table to the clamp and the farthest it goes is 2 3/4"--the 2.76" that is listed in the description on the box. There is no way it could've passed our 3" skirt, so I'm unsure of how the first reviewer had it pass their 4" skirt unless it is a box type table with no overhang in which case I could maybe see it happening.Wish this chair would've worked for us as it is beautiful and feels very well made, but the description and information was a bit lacking for our situation.  The photo of the mother and toddler girl in the chair should've clued me in as the table it is hooked to has no table skirt... Not to mention that the other reviewer claimed it worked with their larger skirt, so that aided in the confusion.  If it had worked with our table I most likely would've given it 5 stars, but then again I wasn't able to use it with our daughter eating in it so maybe it wouldn't have held up so well with a child's eating fits... guess I'll never know.Gorgeous chair, hope it works for you!