First, I never write reviews because I just don't have the time, but I wish I would have read my review of this stroller BEFORE I ordered it.I was recently in the market to purchase a lighter and smaller umbrella stroller other than my Bob Revolution (Which I LOVE!) because it is just the opposite; weighs more and is a bit bulky when it folds down (Because it is one sturdy stroller). I really, really love my Bob and was determined to make it work for not only running outside but for doing my daily errands and throwing it in and out of the back of my car. I held out until my daughter was 19 months but yelled "Uncle" after my umpteenth trip to the mall, ballpark, etc... while also expecting it to fit in the back of a rental car trunk along with my suitcases, car seat, child...and my husband. It just wasn't practical anymore for day-to-day less "hassely" stuff.So, I bought the Joovy Kooper based on the reviews on Amazon and because I REALLY liked the look of it. The sturdy aluminum tubing frame, the 1680D material (I guess that means "sturdy"), the cool ergonomic foam handle bars, and the fabulous sun visor were all HUGE deciding factors for me deciding to purchase it; and it did not disappoint upon arrival.  However, once I played with it for a day I found a few things that I realized I can't live without because my Bob has really spoiled me and have come to expect in any stroller.I'm comparing this to my Bob, so I may be a little biased but here are the things I did and mostly didn't like about the Joovy Kooper:1. Ergonomic Foam Handles. Now, don't get me wrong, I do love the cushioned handle bars, but because they don't adjust to height, they are just too low for my 6'3" husband. And a bit thick I might add.2.  Weight. If I was classifying this stroller I would say it is a mid-weight stroller.  I guess I expected it to weigh less, but it was still quite heavy.3.  Bulky. It does fold up like an umbrella stroller, but it is quite big for what I was expecting. It would fit in the back of any trunk and easily in the back of my SUV, but again, it's still pretty big for what I thought I was getting.4.  Handling. I HATED, I mean HATED how it handled when pushing it. Again, I am use to my Bob that just glides with one hand and can turn on a dime. This took both hands and required more effort than I wanted to put out.  It was like pushing around a wheel barrel full of dirt up a hill. I'm exaggerating a little, but not much.5.  Two Hands on the Wheel. There is no way I could push this down the mall with one hand.  It requires two, so don't get a coke and think you can get away with navigating this thing one-handed.6. Cup Holders. So, it touts that it has cup holders. Upon inspection they are flimsy mesh pockets on the inside on either side of your child (Which isn't ideal for anything other than a bottle or sippy cup). So don't buy it because it says "cup holders" which I didn't realize is a huge necessity for me and not really a STANDARD on most umbrella strollers.  Besides, the mesh is cheap material and doesn't stretch out all that much. So, good luck with it holding anything bigger than a normal-sized bottle or little stuffed animal.*SIDENOTE: The Sunshine Kids Stroller Accessory Buggy Buddy that everyone is suggesting is nice for a cup holder and your "odds and ends", but not practical for me. It has strong wiring all around the top which means it doesn't collapse with your stroller. You'd have to unhook one side when folding or completely take it off if checking it on an airplane. For me, it's just not practical (My Bob has one as an accessory item and does collapse). So don't get the Sunshine kid accessory if you require ease of use.7.  Material. The 1680D material is NICE! But the storage basket underneath was really, really cheap. It felt like a cheap plastic and didn't seem durable. Not that I would be taking a knife to it or poking it on purpose, but I could just see it ripping when I least wanted it to. Plus, it was small.Another "con" for me was that it has HUGE white "caution" writing or something similar to that all over the bottom of it, which is not aesthetically pleasing to the eye.8. The Wheels. Maybe it was just the one that I got, but the wheels weren't balanced. So, if my daughter wasn't sitting in it, the left front wheel touched the ground and the right one did not. Once my daughter was in, it seemed to slightly veer left. Also, one wheel would flip around while pushing which caused it to be hard to push in a streamlined forward fashion. In order to make it go forward, I had to lock the front wheels in place which defeats the purpose of my needs.  I NEED it to turn and easily around tight corners!  Frustrating.9. The Recline.  It does recline, but not ALL the way.  Plus the bottom doesn't fold up like the McClaren and Peg-Perego's do if you want to elevate your childs legs while sleeping.  You may not see that as a deciding factor, but my daughter just wasn't comfortable when trying to sleep in it. I want her to sleep comfortably especially if we are at a theme park or ball game that requires a little more time in the seat. And having her feet elevated helps with that.10.  Red Brakes.  Ugh. Again, not a huge reason NOT to buy it, but again, aesthetically it's kind of disruptive and they looked a little "plasticy" for my taste.  What I have found is that most umbrellas have a "one-step link parking brake" so don't be lured in by their claim.I ended up getting the Peg-Perego Si. It was a $100 more which I wasn't excited to have to shell out, but I was leaving for a trip the following day and was desperate to get something fast.  I actually had to go IN to a store to purchase it-which I hate to do if I can get it online at Amazon. But again, I was desperate. If I was more organized and less of a procrastinator, I may have been able to find something less expensive that met my needs, but I am very happy with it. Plus the Peg-Perego Si fit all my needs that I didn't know I had until I got the Joovey Kooper (Except for its silly cup holder). I am probably a little more high maintenance or maybe spoiled by my Bob Revolution, but I realized that in this case, you get what you pay for.