This is a schizophrenic product. Once it's installed it's great, but the installation process and hardware are lacking.  I bought and installed three of these, and here are my learnings:First and foremost, throw away the included mounting screws, they are cheap, soft, and strip too easily. I'm a handy guy, and on the first hinge I mounted all three screws stripped, but waited until they screwed in deeply enough such that the screw heads were below the surface of the hinge (down in the inset) so could not be reached with pliers for removal, and I had to drill them out with stripped-screw-removal bits. Big pain.I ended up using a screw similar to the "Hard-to-Find Fastener 014973151270 Square Drive Deck Screws, 1-5/8-Inch, 60-Piece" found here on Amazon, but purchased at my local big-box hardware store. The color doesn't match but given that the screws are inset it's not very visible.Secondly, ignore the included installation instructions that tell you to use their paper template to place the mounting hinges. Instead, mount the lower hinges where you know they are going to go, then attach the gate to the lower hinges. Now attach the upper hinges to the gate and move them into the position where you want them to be and simply screw them into place. Voila, a perfect fit.Third, the manufacture still has not addressed how to install when there is lower trim work. The lower hinge needs to be flush with the floor/carpet or you'll end up cantilevering the entire gate in such a way that pulling down on it (by a kid or a dog or an unsteady adult) could bend product. The design is that the crossbar that attaches the two sides together beneath the entryway is supposed to be resting on the floor, and to accomplish that the lower hinges need to be at or near floor level. I saw reviews from folks who mounted their lower hinges above their trim work, but based on what I can see that will just lead to an accident-waiting-to-happen scenario.One of my install locations had lower trim work, and to complete the install I did the following:- Mount the lower hinges directly into the trim work. This was easily accomplished using the square-drive screws mentioned above, with the caution that my trim work had a concave area and I needed to be sure not to over-tighten the screws or else they could have drawn the hinge inward and bowed it, or potentially even snapped it.- For the upper hinges I built a shim out of two square pieces of 1/4" plywood stacked on top of each other (like a stack of pancakes). This provided a 1/2" shim that spaced the upper hinge away from the wall by a distance roughly equivalent to the gap introduced by the lower trim work.I have included pictures of the upper and lower hinges for this particular installation. Note that raw, unfinished look of the upper hinge shim could have been improved with ~30 minutes of work routing, sanding, and painting the wood prior to gate installation, but I didn't have that kind of time (nor time to allow the paint to dry). Given that these gates are temporary while we house-break our pup we are okay with the relatively unfinished look.The other two install locations thankfully did not have any trim work to work around, so the installations were even easier. Note that using the installation method described at the beginning (about discarding the use of their templates and using square-drive screws) it took me less than 10 minutes to install each of the gates where there was no trim work involved.Now that they are installed we are loving these gates. They're pretty easy to open one-handed once you get the hang of it, and there is an auto-close mechanism that swings the gate closed behind you with an authoritative (but not overly loud) *thunk*. You can also open the door wide to the point where it stays open, if needed.Bottom line is that in use these things are great, but installation is lacking due to both the poor quality of the mounting screws and also the lack of any guidance (or design changes) to allow for the very common situation of lower trim work interfering with the installation. If I had to do it again I'd buy these, but I'd grit my teeth while doing it.