I love this stroller for the convenience of being able to carry two kids in the space of a single stroller!  When I see people trying to maneuver their double strollers around stores and other crowded spaces I feel VERY very happy (and a little smug) to have found such a fabulous solution.I always promised myself that when/if I ever got a "nice" stroller I would never complain about it because I HATED talking to people about their expensive strollers before and only hearing their complaints.... I used to think - If you spend that much money on a stroller you don't have the right to complain!  You just have to love it!Unfortunately, I DO have a few complaints...1.  If you spend over $400 on a stroller, you have earned the right to at least ONE pocket to hold your keys/cell phone.  Unfortunately there are no pockets in this stroller except for a panel on the side of the sun shade that has one small piece of velcro holding in "closed".  So I ended up purchasing the console from "bob" to hold keys and water bottles.2.  The red button that you push to release the stroller as you are unfolding it is very sticky and hard to push.  I haven't figured out if I am doing something wrong, or if it is a defect, but I am contemplating calling the company to find out why this is so hard to open. Yesterday it took me maybe 3 or 4 minutes of playing with the red button before I could get it to release...  WAY TOO LONG!3.  The sun shade is a bit tricky since it is not permanently attached.  (It moves or comes off depending on how you attach the second seat).  Well, I find that it pops off almost every time I take the stroller in and out of my car and is not that easy to re-attach.  Again, I don't know if I am doing something wrong or if this is a defect in my stroller.  But I wish I didn't have to worry about putting it back in place every time I use the stroller.Also - I want to explain to people why this is not an IDEAL jogging stroller.We DO use it for jogging and it works just fine, but now I understand more why they do not advertise it as a jogging stroller.  Since the second seat attaches behind, the majority of they weight of the stroller is concentrated in the front to be able to balance when there are two kids.  But what that means is that it is not that easy to push down on the handle bars to lift up the front wheel for smooth and fast transitions over rougher terrain.  I remember my other jogging stroller being very easy to tip back and balance on two wheels - the Phil&Ted is too heavy in front to do that.We do NOT use it for jogging when carrying two children since there is not enough space to take a full stride with the second seat attached on the back.  I think this info would have been helpful when purchasing the stroller since I could not figure out why it was "not a jogging stroller".All the complaining aside, we do LOVE this stroller.  The ability to carry two kids in a stroller this size (it fits into our car along with groceries and other junk!!) trumps all of the complaints I have listed above!