This is our fourth baby out of seven children, so we have used several different infant car seats over the years.  When I first opened the box, I noticed how cheap the fabric of this seat is.  It is very similar to the feel of chintzy outdoor furniture and is rather stiff.  There is almost NO padding in this car seat compared to similar infant car seats.  We will have to purchase polyester batting to go under the cover in the back or our baby will continue to be VERY uncomfortable in this seat with her little backbone up against the ultra-hard styrofoam.  I don't understand how one reviewer said that this was a very cushy car seat??  Also, for a 6-pound baby, the straps cut into the sides of her neck, so we'll be needing some strap covers, which we have never had to purchase for any of our other children.The straps were super-easy to adjust from one set of holes to the next, and also to adjust the length of, but the interval between the holes is just a little bit too long.  The lowest setting is too low, even for a small newborn, and the next setting is simply too high, even for an average newborn.  I can't understand why they have the lowest setting where it is, because it's too low even for our daughter's 15-inch doll!  Our last infant seat had 4 settings, which was perfect.  This seat leaves a lot to be desired...The canopy is cute and does the job it is expected to do, the seat is very easy to latch and unlatch out of the base to get it in/out of our 12-passenger van.  The handle is basic and easy to carry.  The color is adorable and very unique compared to most infant car seats out there, but I really dislike the feel of the cover because of the cheap fabric used.  Overall, I would not recommend this car seat to a friend, and I'm on the fence as to whether I should return it or not.UPDATE: Our littlest is now 8 months old and 17 pounds and she is still using this car seat.  The handle is comfortable to carry, it's not heavy at all, and it is easy to get in and out of the base.  The straps are still super-easy to adjust and taking the cover off to wash it is a breeze, unlike other car seats we have had.  The cover and canopy still look new after all these months of use.  I added extra padding to the back but she seems uncomfortable in it now, so we are looking for a new car seat.  We are still using strap covers because the straps are just too close to her little neck and would rub her skin if we didn't have the strap covers on.  Her shoulders are at the top of the highest strap slot, so I wouldn't see this fitting her until she was 22 pounds.  She loves to reach above her head and pull the canopy off to play with it...  I think she enjoys the rustling sound it makes.  This hasn't posed any hazards, as there is always someone sitting next to her, but if a mother is driving alone with her infant, I could see how this could be a scary situation.  We were hoping to use this until she was ready to be rear-facing in a convertible car seat, but it's time for this one to go now.  I still do not think I would recommend this car seat to a friend.