There are really mixed reviews for this product, and I think this is for two reasons: 1) the fact that different people are looking to this product with very different ideas of what they think their kids will get out of it and 2) the fact that the product quality really did go downhill when Munchkin took over from Embryonics.  Let me try to help you sort out both points.Before I do, I should mention that I originally got the Munchkin version, didn't like it, and ended up replacing it with the original Embryonics version, which I like much better.  My 19-month-old seemed to enjoy both versions.Before you get this product, ask yourself, "What value do I think it will have for my child?"  Here are a few possibilities:1) You just want some kind of musical toy with which the child can interact to change the song that's playing.  If this is your thought, you will probably be happy with either version of this toy.  (Then again, if that's ALL you want, you'd probably be just as happy with the Baby Einstein Take Along Tunes toy, which my son enjoys, and which is both cheaper and more portable.)2) You want a musical toy that's a bit more interactive, where the child can change the sound of the song that's on.  In this case, you'd also probably be happy with either version of this toy.  My 19-month-old son loves to press the buttons to turn on and off different instruments, change the song playing, and just listen to the music and dance and clap to it.  He does seem to enjoy this more than the Baby Einstein player mentioned above, perhaps because he can change things up in a greater variety of ways.3) You hope that your child will start to recognize the sound of different instruments from this toy.  If you have any thought like this in your head, banish the thought of getting this toy - you will likely be disappointed with either version of it. You will certainly be disappointed on this count if you get the Munchkin version.  On the better, original Embryonics version of this toy, the piano and harp sound reasonably true to their real sound and the flute is recognizable on the higher notes, at least.  The french horn, however, is barely recognizable as a brass instrument, and doesn't have any of the beauty and timbre of sound that a real French horn does.  And the violin - forget it!  It doesn't even sound like a string instrument, and I doubt a child hearing the violin part on this cube and then hearing a real violin would hear any similarity.  On the newer Munchkin version, only the piano sounds like the same family of instrument - kind of like a harpsichord, as one musically-trained reviewer has noted.  The rest of the instruments sound like synthesized crap.  (I suspect that none of this will matter to you in the least if you just want a musical toy your child can interact with in some way, and despite this shortcoming, I think most toddlers would enjoy either version of the toy just because it is plays music and does so in an interactive way. Nonetheless, in this day of tiny, inexpensive high-quality music players, I don't get why they couldn't make this to sound more like real instruments, and to have better sound quality overall.)4) You would like to enjoy this toy with your child, or at least not be driven crazy by it while he is playing with it. As you can tell from what I've said already, I definitely agree with other reviewers that the newer Munchkin version of this toy has much inferior sound quality than its predecessor.  Not only are the Munchkin instrument sounds largely unrecognizable, but the music overall sounds tinny, with the result that it is really grating to listen to it for any length of time.  And if your kid likes this toy as much as ours does, you will be listening to it a LOT. I think that for this reason alone, it is probably worthwhile to check the listings until you can find the older Embryonics version of the music cube.  Even if you aren't especially musically inclined.  Then again, if your kid already has lots of toys that sing and make noise (mine doesn't), you may have developed the ability to tune out any kind of tinny synthesizer-produced ruckus, in which case you might as well save yourself the trouble of hunting down an Embryonics cube and just get the Munchkin version.Also, it is worth noting that the newer Munchkin version is marginally better-looking, in case that matters to anyone reading this review.  On the Embryonics version, all the sides are a somewhat drab yellow, with only the edges and centers of the cube offering any variety in color, whereas the Munchkin version is more colorful - this is the version pictured in all the product photos.