I have to say that there is only one thing I like about this play mat and that is the zip up feature. Other than that... I hate it and I am so glad I did not pay for this!The Good:- The zip up feature - but after a wash or two the zipper starts sticking and becomes a pain to zip up.The Bad:- The arch is light as can be and totally flimsy... it keeps falling over onto my babies face!!! This alone is enough for me to veto this mat.- The colors fade after just one wash- The toys are totally BORING and so is the pattern. The toy arch has nothing engaging about the colors or the solid blue pattern.- Not engaging at all for babies... mine actually cries when I put her in it, verses the other play mat by Tiny Love she LOVES and stay in it happily until I get her.- The way you attached the arch is not easy and honestly... it is stupid how it is designed.- The size of this mat is small compared to our other Tiny Love one which is about 4x's the size.- The photo makes it look at soft and cushy... but it is not. One wash and it flattens completely out.- The toy arch is so light that the baby can literally push it over once crawling starts so add that to the size of the mat and that makes this mat only good for about 5 months... once your baby is mobile this mat is out... not to mention that once they try to use the zipper as toy it can become dangerous... which lead me too...- If you have older siblings around toddler age they will try to play with the zipper feature of the mat. Not good when (like my two year old) they can zip their finger by accident.- Not only is it small but it is so small that your baby will not be able to roll over on it. The toy arch will stop them from rolling over which is a big milestone that you do not want to inhibit. Also most do not want their baby rolling off onto the floor.I am sure I could find more reason why you should run away from this product but I think I have spend enough time on this poorly designed, majorly flawed, joke of a play mat. We have two Tiny Love Play Mats and LOVE LOVE LOVE them. Spend the extra 30.00... it is worth it beyond words. One of our Tiny Love mats is 6 years old and still works great, colors are as vibrant as the day we bought it and our 2 year old still plays with it!