Like another reviewer, I am a flight attendant, and I can assure you: this product is dangerous and illegal. Amazon needs to take responsibility here and stop selling it. The listing is clearly deceitful in claiming that this item "complies with all FAA regulations." I guess if you put it inside your properly-stowed luggage it would comply! If you try to put a baby in it, however, you will be breaking FAA regulations. Any competent flight attendant is going to ask you to you put it away.The safest way for a baby to travel on an airplane is in a carseat. If you can't afford to buy a seat for your baby (which are usually half-price), try to fly at a less-busy time, when there might be empty seats on the airplane. Then try to request your seats early, online if possible. If traveling with a companion, book an aisle and a window seat, leaving the middle seat empty. Single travers are unlikely to choose a middle seat for themselves, so that seat will likely stay empty and you will have a seat in which to put your carseat! Additionally or alternatively, when you check in (early, if possible), tell the agent that you are traveling with a lap child and ask if they have any empty seats they can block off for your baby. They are usually happy to do that for the sake of everyone's comfort and safety. That way you won't have to worry about anyone taking the empty seat next to you, and you can bring your car seat onboard, giving your baby their own safe and comfy place, and you a free lap! If this fails and the flight fills up, you can gate-check your carseat and they will have it waiting for you in the jetway when you arrive. Also remember that carseats always have to be at the WINDOW seat so that they cannot block anyone's rapid egress in an emergency.Additional FYI- you are not supposed to wear your baby in a carrier during takeoff and landing. The FAA says this could impede your escape, and that it is safer to hand your baby down to someone who has already evacuated, rather than jump out with the baby still attached to you. Counterintuitive, but truly safer. You can just unwrap or unclip the carrier until after takeoff or landing.I hope this helps people getting ready to travel with babies. Flying with a baby can be really easy and fun if you plan well and don't try to bring too much stuff onboard- besides your FAA-approved carseat, that is!