I purchased this basket a few weeks before my due date.  I was looking for an inexpensive basket to place my daughter in when I am not wearing her, because the basket will only be usable for a few months.  This seemed like a great option.Shipping with prime was fast,  but when I received the basket there were immediate issues.The bedding: The bedding was a cheap poly blend, it felt scratchy and like it would not be breathable.  It had attached ribbons, which were completely frayed when it arrived,  which wouldn't be a huge deal,  except for the fact that those ribbons are the only thing attaching bedding to basket.  I assembled it and the bedding also did not fit the basket properly.  It was far too large, and there was a lot of extra material around the sides of the basket,  posing a danger.The Basket: The basket itself was also cheaply made, and pieces of the handles were shedding off into the basket whenever I moved it.  The basket was brittle,  and although you are never supposed to carry an infant in the basket,  I would've been uncomfortable even placing her in it, as I would be afraid she'd get wicker in her mouth or eyes.The Hood: The hood was described as detachable, and if they meant, "Will fly off at the slightest provocation and land scratchy Velcro side down IN THE BASKET" then it is.  The hood was also brittle, and as much as I adjusted it, it would not seem to attach securely to the basket or to fit properly.  It does attach with Velcro,  and if the hood is not attached, the back half of the basket is covered in Velcro tape, visible even with the bedding on. Not pretty,  and just poorly designed.The Mattress: The mattress was flimsy and covered in vinyl.  The sheets did not fit it properly, once again too large, another smother hazard.The Customer Service: The customer service (from the manufacturer,  not Amazon) was where this went from being a bad product to a ridiculously bad experience.  After noting the various issues with the basket,  I contacted Badger Basket, hoping that maybe mine was a fluke.Actually,  I attempted to contact them FOR THREE DAYS. Even though I called during their limited operating hours,  I got their voicemail every time I called.  Finally I got through, and was told that no, this is pretty much what it is,  and when I suggested that it was unsafe,  the terse woman suggested I just use it to store stuffed animals.  I asked about the hood and she told me that that was just how it was made. Whatever. I asked for a refund or replacement,  and she told me to contact Amazon, even though the packing materials explicitly state that you must contact them with product issues.I contacted Amazon,  who promptly apologized and issued a refund.  Amazon,  as has been my experience,  was courteous and quick to fix the problem.  I ordered the Trendlab Moses basket in white, and it is beautiful.  I believe it was $20.00  more, but it is actually usable and the quality is leaps and bounds better.All in all, you get what you pay for.  Go with the slightly more expensive option.  This product was unsafe and disappointing.