Save yourself time and money by not ordering any products from Stork Craft.  I ordered this dresser from Amazon, and it was at my door in two days.  Sadly, one of the side panels had a MAJOR spider-web crack in it.  I followed the instructions and called the company.  I spoke with a representative, and set up an order to be shipped a new panel.  A week after the order, I had not received the confirmation email (they said processing time would be about 3 business days).  I called the company back, and they had still not processed my order.  I made them process the order while I was on the line to make sure it would be done.  Almost 3 weeks after the initial phone call, the replacement panel arrived with another spider-web crack, and with 3 of the 5 metal drawer rollers flattened against the wood.I called the company a second time, and was then treated very unprofessionally.  They treated me as if I was a liar, stating that every piece of furniture was "thoroughly inspected" before being shipped out for replacement.  However, it seemed hard to believe being that the packaging the panel came in was it great shape.  Even the thick bubble wrap lining the part was still in tact.  The defects in the panel must have come from storage, so it seems they have a very poor inspection requirement.  The representative even forced me to email pictures of the damaged second panel before they would ship me another replacement.  After this long battling, I tried asking Stork Craft to ship the panel with a quicker method.  My son's due date was then about a month out, and I didn't want to wait another 3 weeks for the panel to arrive.  They refused, and the best I was able to obtain was for them to process the order with me on the phone, trimming my waiting period to only be 2 weeks before the replacement arrived.When the 3rd panel arrived, I had very low expectation, and rightfully so.  The panel had blemishes, and a large scratch about 6 inches long on the outer face, from one of the corners towards the center of the piece.  I realized that this was the best I was going to get.  I just tried to hide the scratched area of the dresser in my son's room with other items so no one would notice.The dresser itself is very nice.  The color is great, and seems very sturdy.  I am satisfied with the product (or well, I would be if I had one that did not have any defects).  Save yourself the anxiety, don't buy from this company.  Or, make sure to buy from a store and inspect the pieces before you take them home.