I bought this pump based on the fact that it's a closed system and to me that's a big plus but as for the other features it has like the adjustable suction and pump rate are only mediocre at best. I had high hopes for this pump and they were dashed when I began using it after my daughter was born pre-term. The pump came in a wonderful package with a lovely bag for travel and it would be great for a working mother or when going on vacation. The pump takes up very little room in the bag so you could pack a few changes of clothing for yourself and your kids and probably many other things but the bag alone is not worth the sticker price.The first night I pumped I went through the various sizes of flanges and found the best fit for me and then set up the pump. The set up is easy but the operation is where the problem lies. I tried setting it from low to high and got barely anything out from either breast but would find my breasts full to spite the frequent pumping sessions. I could not actually breastfeed my daughter so I was counting on this pump to extract at least an adequate amount of milk which it did not and I can say nothing more than this left me teary eyed and frustrated. My daughter was unable to latch due to her prematurity as a result of this pump I wound up not getting to use my milk as buying another pump was not in the picture. I've never had such a hard time with a pump. The pump I used with my son broke but worked so much better than this one. I was sad to find that they no longer make that pump so I went looking, I wanted to make the best choice I could in my budget and all of my toiling led me to this pump.I read the reviews and it sounded like the right choice for me and I was pleased to find that it was well with in my budget and the absolute deal breaker for me getting it was as I stated before the fact that it's a closed system. I hope no mother has to go through what I went through with this pump. I cannot in good faith tell someone to purchase this pump.