My husband and I had been test driving stroller systems for months before making our final decision.  Originally, I wanted a jeep stroller with the big wheels, as we love taking walks in woody areas. But that wasn't practical for our sedan trunk space and they didn't have the best user reviews.  My brother has a Britax stroller that they like, but they also bought a jogger.  My husband and I wanted one stroller, before we switch to umbrella style, that would work almost everywhere.  We narrowed our search down between the Graco and Chicco.We went test driving again and I fell in love with how easily I could navigate this stroller.  I am 5'2" and my husband is 6'1" so it was important that the handle bar was movable to adjust to either one of our heights.  This stroller has built in shock absorbing system too.  Something that the Graco didn't have that we were considering.  I want the baby to have a smooth ride so it was important to me that our stroller had shocks.  The Chicco also has a child tray and a mommy/daddy tray where you can store your keys in a compartment and cup holder for a small container.  The basket storage is impossible to use with infants because, like most, you can't access it in the fully reclined position. This doesn't drive me crazy, like I have noticed it does some people.  I would just buy a hook to put the diaper bag on the handle bar.  Or, you could take the car seat out of the stroller momentarily in order to store bags from shopping in the storage bin.I really like that this stroller fully reclines.  I was amazed at how easy it was to eliminate so much competition based on this one feature.  Like my brother's Britax that doesn't recline and costs more than the Chicco without any child tray or parent tray.  I want a fully reclining stroller for diaper changes when we are out on walks.  I am not going to put my baby on a public disgusting changing table.  I am planning on using a portable changing pad that comes with any diaper bag and just laying it down on the stroller.  There is a stroller that markets itself specifically on this one feature, but the truth is, you can do it with any fully reclining stroller.The color is another thing that sold me with this Chicco.  I love the Micro pattern.  We are going to be surprised for the gender, and I didn't want gray, brown, or green.  I am so tired of seeing those plain, blah colors around.  I love that this pattern is perfect for newborn eyes to see the contrast in colors.  I know that this is a discontinued color, but I have never seen anything like it.  We will be reusing this stroller for future babies regardless of gender.And you can't beat the safety of the Chicco. Nor the comfort.  It is very well padded and it secures baby in so well.  The folding mechanism is one handed.  You just pull up on the handle lever and it folds together.  It is a little heavy for me, but I can manage easily just moving it to and from my trunk.  The car seat is average in weight.  And you'd expect a little bulk out of a good and safe car seat.I waited 3 months to buy this after registering it because the price listing continued to change.  I saw it go for $224 one morning with free shipping and I jumped at that deal.  Chicco's are worth every penny.***Okay after 6 months of using the stroller I had to change my review and decrease the stars to only 3.  My huge complaint is that once  you are ready to put aside the car seat and use the stroller for your infant/child the waist straps attached to the shoulder straps on the harness DO NOT expand to hold a child older than 5 months old.  My 6 month old is very long.  He is over the 95th percentile, but he is very lean, only 50th percentile for weight. We can't use his car seat anymore as his feet stick way past the edge.  However, this poorly made strap size is going to force us to buy a different stroller now.  I am having another baby in 5 months and was looking to buy the chicco double stroller, but I will not buy that now.  This is a huge disappointment.  You only get some months use out of a $300+ stroller - that's a crime and Chicco should be ashamed.  They could easily fix this problem by expanding the waist strap sizing option as I have seen other people complain about.  I will never recommend this product again, despite how nicely it handles.