I bought this playmat months ago but only decided to use it as a playmat 2 days ago.  I had it attached to the inside of my baby's playpen. She was fascinated by the characters and would quietly stare at it whenever I put her to lie in the playpen.  It is 100% cotton, which was excellent since my baby has severe eczema and can only have contact with 100% cotton fabrics. I had to be spreading cotton fabric over everything she sits or lies on which defeats the purpose of having playmats I decided to wash this playmat so she could do her tummy time on it while looking at the pictures on the mat.BIG MISTAKE! It bleeds! Now all the white areas are pink! There is no more stark contrast in colour.Unless you plan to mount this mat vertically or you don' t wash it for you baby to lie on I would not recommended you buy it.FOLLOW UP:I tried to return this item to Genius Babies but I was too late in trying to use it for them to take it back.  I received the following from one of their Customer Service Representatives:"... We have had multiple testing of this product and in cold water, have never found it to run or bleed - only inwarm and hot.As a mom myself I have used mine for both  babies, with innumerous washings.Kindest Regards,SarahCustomer Care"Just in case anyone else out there, like Sarah, may think I am lying about this I have taken several photos for prospective customers to see.  If it didn't run, I really would not have wasted my time writing this review.  Clearly Sarah must have received a different stock than I did as she has used hers for two babies thus suggesting she has had her for at least two years.  Could it be possible that between manufacturing the one she bought and mine they changed the die or something???Her response also reveals that even in the face of a complaint that a product is defective and defeats the whole purpose of the product, the Genius Baby  Company is is not the least bit perturbed ... it must be the customer who is lying, blind or mischievous.