Ubooly is a company started a few years ago via funding from kickstarter (yay!) and has gained some good reviews and press. However, they must address the fatal design flaws if they wish to continue growing a customer base. As for the current customer base, the design flaws must be addressed for them as well before the "honeymoon phase" regarding the disruptive innovation of this product is over, and the annoyances of the product start to outweigh the gains -- leaving ubooly untouched in favor of a more hassle-free toy, or copycats that address these issues.Despite ubooly's website advising it fits "most phone sized android devices", it doesn't even come close to fitting the Galaxy S4.Still gets 3 stars because my best friend has an iphone 4s and my daughter loves it -- she's almost 2. We have to play with it with her, but she thinks it's really cool. I'd say 4 stars if this was advertised only as an iphone product -- but it's not.Huge plus:my daughter could never be handed the phone to watch a movie or play a game because she would always hit the main button (on both iphone and S4). This stops her from doing that, so now we can hand over the phone with ubooly knowing she can just sit there quietly and watch her movie or play!Fatal design flaws:1. don't expect to get your phone in it if it has a protective case on it (like otterbox, griffin, etc). If you get it to fit, great, but the iphone 4s had to come out of it's griffin case to fit. Very annoying -- the case is not too easily removed.2. Along with the same sort of issue as above, there is way to much padding. It's great for protection, but it's overkill (like serious overkill). The zipper is much too short. They really should do the following:-- Increase zipper length-- increase height (the Galaxy series won't fit, and they're a very popular phone series, so losing a huge customer base)-- decrease padding to allow for bigger phones & phones with protective cases on it-- Ship with a padded insert for smaller devices like iphones. 4 sides and a back held together with velcro so you can use whatever combination fits your phone best. Those with bigger phones and iphones with cases can use without the insert. You can customize your insert to your phone and everybody wins =)-- nice to have: the screen opening seems a bit small -- wondering if it would be possible to enlarge it. Seeing some Ubooly fur on screen doesnt take away from the experience. As stated previously, we also use this for things other than the ubooly app, which adds value to the toy, but if a large portion of the screen is still covered it loses that value.Looking forward to a new design so I can use this with my galaxy phone.