This product should either be recalled, or Amazon should pull it from it's pages - it is not safe.We have a five month old, and have been using this warmer every day for the past five months. It was given to us as a shower present, and while I didn't think we 'needed' it we gave it a go anyway. It worked perfectly fine up until last week, doing what it's supposed to and keeping wipes warm and moist. Frankly, I never really gave it a second thought.Then the otehr day I noticed that the warmer had conked out. No light glowing in the dark, no warmth. Strange, I thought, and went to make sure the power cable hadn't been jostled loose somehow. And that's when I saw the brown puddle.You see, the way this warmer is designed, when you open the lid to either grab a wipe, or to reload all the wipes, you need to lift the lid back. Being a warmer, there is always condensation to be found on the underside of the lid (even more so in the winter, naturally). Well when they designed this warmer, then neglected to consider this, and little drops of condensation very easily pool up and dribble down the back of the warmer.The problem here, is that the dribbles roll right down the middle-rear of the warmer, where, brilliantly, they've placed the power cable. So unbeknownest to me, I slowly dribbled more and more water over the power cord connection just from normal use.When I looked at the power cable, it was completely corroded and there were singe marks near the base of the unit where it connected to the cord. The brown puddle has put a nice little stain on the top of the dresser we just got, and frankly I consider myself LUCKY that this is the worst of it.I never thought something as mundane as a wipe warmer could be cause for alarm. After this happened, I checked the reviews here and noted several other people who have had the same problem. This is not a unique circumstance that happened to me. This is a flawed product, and puts your child at risk - period.EDIT - I uploaded a couple pictures of the power cord. These are not actual pics of MY unit, but come from another person who had the same issue and reported the problem to SaferProducts.Gov [...]. Note Prince Lionheart's laughable response.