I am now convinced that all baby food makers (steaming and pureeing with one appliance) are a waste of money and may do more harm to your child then good.  I researched baby food makers for months and read through at ton of Amazon reviews before deciding to purchase this baby food maker from Cuisinart.  I loved using the first two times and felt like it would be very simple to use long haul.  However, by the third use, the work bowl, blade, and spatula started to show stains from the food.  I had followed all directions and transferred the purees to a glass container to clean the appliance quickly every time, but it still happened.  As I tried cleaning the work bowl, I found upon deeper inspection what looked like hard water deposits/burnt in areas where the food was sitting on the sides of the bowl during steaming.  I couldn't get them off and contacted Cuisinart to see what could have caused the marks.  Thankfully they just sent me a new bowl free of charge, even though I still had no idea what first caused the stains.  I continued to use the product for months and never let the purees sit again in the work bowl in case it was the heat...Side note here: Why can't we just manufacture a glass bowl people?  That would be the day!!Anywho, a month ago I started to become paranoid as I heard more and more about mold growth in other baby food makers.  I thought to myself, if they are growing mold, why wouldn't mine be too?  I can't even open up the steaming chamber to check, but I took a flashlight and peeked into the slots at the bottom of the chamber... and, let me tell you, what I found... was disgusting...To make a long story short, I encourage you all to do the same.  Putting in a vinegar/water solution to "descale" isn't enough to clean what I saw and I no longer use this product.  I have started steaming and baking all of my son's meals and pulsing them in our blender and to be honest, it's more convenient now then before!  I wish I would have just invested in a food processor by Cuisinart and am hoping I can do something to get one instead, but since I purchased this is May and didn't start using it until September, I think I'm out of luck.  I am only giving this 2 stars because Cuisinart as an overall brand is great and their customer service helped me out before so I'm hoping they can help me out again.Please be safe people and check your units!!