EA Fow is right (see his review from July 20, 2013 and my comment to it). This is different than the old model. This new one does NOT run on batteries. You MUST plug it in to make it work. The product description here still refers to the old model, which was a better design.The new design has space for 4 AA batteries, just like the old model. However, they work only in Demo Mode. Switch it to Normal Mode and the machine immediately shuts off unless you plug it into an outlet. Also, the AC/DC power adapter of the new model is permanently attached to the unit -- it cannot be unplugged from the unit like the old model. Oddly enough, the polarity symbols are still there on the bottom, just like on the old unit, as though you could unplug it.This design change makes no sense to me. The old version was very good for the price. Most of the 5-star reviews here on Amazon are for the old model. If you are looking for a sound machine that runs on batteries, this is not the unit for you! Don't make the same mistake I did!To give some more background, I bought the older model from about 6 years ago. It looks exactly like the new one (except for the adapter) and it worked with either batteries or AC power. I bought a replacement despite EA Fow's warnings because I figured he must be doing something wrong. Nope. It arrived today. The now-permanently-attached power adapter on the new unit is the ONLY way to make it work. Why would DEX change the design this way? What sense does it make to have space for batteries if they are nonfunctional? It's crazy, but it's true.The reason I bought it was because the spot where the power adapter plugs into the machine broke up into the body of my old unit. Maybe that's why they changed the design? Who knows. But my old unit survived 6 hard years until this part broke, which I thought was pretty good for such a cheap device, so I figured we'd replace it. Note that the old one still works fine on battery power.I'd give the old model 4 stars (doesn't get quite loud enough and only one or two sounds are worthwhile -- we leave it on "Rain"). I give the new model 1 star because of the battery thing. Amazon needs to change the product description to clarify that the batteries are useless.Be aware that the "most helpful" 5-star review here (from The Walkers) is for the OLD model. The NEW model is no good.