It is currently March here in Philadelphia and the weather is freezing.  I have the heat on in my house but regardless, it is not warm enough to be using this bather with my little guy.  My son is 2 months old and I gave him a bath in this and he was shivering the entire time.  The bottom holds a bit of water and the "radiant" heat from that water, along with the silicone mat, is suppose to keep him warm, but it did not.  He enjoys taking a bath in a standard infant tub as I can soak his whole body in warm water.  You cannot do that with this one.Just imagine you as an adult sitting in your bathtub with the warm water barely covering a bit of your butt cheeks and then slowly pouring warm water over yourself a little at a time.  You will feel nice and warm when the water hits you, but then instantly feel cold again as you reach for the next cup of water.  That is literally how an infant will feel in this.It does have a nice soft backing, and I wish I had this when he was only allowed sponge baths while his umbilical cord was still attached.  It also has a smaller footprint than a standard infant tub so if you were short on space, this might be a better alternative.  It has a nice design and feels sturdy for its size.However, for a 12 pound baby who can take a bath in an infant tub, this did not work.  His feet stuck out past the drain and was hanging outside the tub.  When pouring water over his feet, I got water all over the counter top.  I never have to worry about that while he is inside an infant tub.You will also need a bucket for your water so this is not the only thing that will sit on your counter top, unless you are constantly turning the faucet on and off.It is rated for up to 6 months, but at months 3 to 6, you have to place it INSIDE a bath tub because they might kick or roll out of it while on the counter top.  If you have lower back problems, it might be tough to do.If it was Summer right now, and 100 degrees, I probably would not have mind it so much and neither would my son.  It is just too cold to use in the winter time for an infant unless your house is very warm.  No matter how high I set my heat, getting out of the shower wet is still too cold and that is how I think my son feels when I was using this.If you can only sponge bath your little one, then this is great.  For me, I am going to stick with my infant tub that I can fill with water for now.