This is the first and only wetbag I used for about a year until the zipper completely came off.  I couldn't figure out how to fix it, so the entire bag became useless.  As other reviews have stated, it has kind of an odd shape, but that didn't bother me since it worked well otherwise.  I ordered a replacement and then it fell behind a drawer and became temporarily lost.  I would have given this bag a 4 at that point, but I had to find another bag quickly to use in the meantime until I found my lost bag.I decided to search for a more stylish bag and purchased one from Logan and Lenora because I fell in love with the print on the fabric.  That bag is beautiful and amazing quality, but it's way too small to use as a normal full time cloth diaper pail.  I now use it primarily as my travel wet bag because it fits well in my diaper bag.  Even though the Logan and Lenora bags are much more expensive for the size of the bag, I was willing to pay the additional price and contacted the company to find out if they had plans to make a larger bag for use as my primary home wetbag.  They did, but the dimensions they gave were still not large enough for what I needed.I then searched Etsy and found some affordably-priced wet bags with very similar canvas fabric that coordinates with my Logan and Lenorea bag. I purchased a set of two and now use them as my primary wet bags.  They are not quite as smell-proof as the Logan and Lenora bag, but that may be because they are holding a lot more dirty diapers.Since experiencing some other brands that I prefer over this bag, my honest rating is 3 out of 5 stars.  This bag works well and is great for someone on a budget, but I prefer how the others look and how they lay flat against the side of the dresser rather than the kind of bunchy drooping of this bag (it looks sad unless full).  I have not used my replacement Kanga Care wet bag a single time since receiving my Etsy bags.  Had the zipper not broken, I would have stuck with this bag and maybe not experienced the other brands, but it did unfortunately break after one year of washing about 3 times per week.  I think this bag is good for the price and hope my zipper issue was a fluke because it's held up perfectly otherwise.