I got both this and the Signature bag- here are the differences.1. The Signature has exterior bottle pockets made of mesh with an elastic trim. The Special Edition has interior, insulated zip pockets.2. In addition to the main compartment, the Signature has a key fob, one half-length pocket (below the handle), and one large phone pocket (holds my enormous G4 or an iPhone 6 Plus). In addition to the main compartment, the Special Edition has one half-length pocket (above the handle, red zipper in this photo). 3. The patterns on the Special Edition are attractive and the fabric has a wipeable vinyl-type finish. The patterns on the Signature are OK or solids. The fabrics are mostly kind of a rugged canvas (I think some of the patterns are wipeable). Leather or faux leather trim on the Special Edition, nylon on the Signature.Here's what I concluded. On the Special Edition, the interior bottle pockets are limited in size and take space away from the main compartment. I haven't needed insulated pockets yet (baby is 12 months old) and like how stretchy the exterior ones are on the Signature- I can fit a skinny Thermos in there with warm water for formula.The position of the half-length pocket on the Special Edition makes it harder to get into the main compartment- a full pocket obscures your vision of the interior.The cell phone pocket is AWESOME (even my big cell phone gets a bit lost in the big half-length pocket); I keep a phone and my license and CCD in there when I leave my purse at home. You could fit a few more things in as well, if you were bold enough to risk your lip gloss and phone together, for example. :)I put a travel hand sanitizer on the key fob of the Signature- love it.I do miss the better looks (more polished) of the Special Edition, but the fabric was actually prone to wrinkles. It looked a little more sloppy than I imagined. My all-black Duo is very gender-neutral (if you have partners who care about that kind of thing)... basically a big black messenger bag with tons of pockets. (Don't get me wrong, it's vastly nicer than a messenger bag.)If looks > function for you, get this one. It's just slightly worse, and still a good bag. Otherwise, get the Signature. Either way, pair with the SugarSNAP files (seriously, worth every penny) for maximum function. (I wasn't a fan of either bag until I used those... basically they bring organization to a big, deep bag.)