I try to do a lot of research on anything i buy, hoping to get a good fit. And i have to say THANK YOU to everyone whom writes good reviews. Even though everyone has their own tastes and preferences, every little bit helps....So, about this rocker....i am 5'4, currently 178 lbs and this chair is a perfect fit....the distance between the two arms is close enough to make it cozy for breast feeding but not to the point where you feel claustrophobic (^.^) I can fit a boppy pillow and a baby comfortably on my lap. The chair isn't overly plush but just a little plush where your head would rest if you lean it all the way back, a little on the arm rests. It does squeak. Started squeaking quite early in the game but seemed to work itself out. It squeaks a little here and there but nothing a little wd40 cannot remedy. The ottoman is a nice addition. I am not sure how great the pull out foot rest is because i just dont see it being helpful, but thats just me. My husband enjoys it and my six year old says she loves it.....so there ya go...hope this helpsUPDATE: SEPT 19, 2015After a year, this rocker began falling apart and HASN'T STOPPED! I use this chair multiple times a day, everyday but when you pay 185 dollars for a chair, to me, i thought i would get a bit more use out of it before it all came slowly, tumbling down. The arm rests are trying to fall off. My husband continues to this day to  screw things back in, but when you put any kind of pressure on them, they make a loud cracking sound (this happened again last night). There are broken vertical slats that run behind the back cushion, husband has used yellow electrical tape to temporarily mend the problem and then colored over it with brown marker so that its not too obvious....haha!I am still very thankful that I had this while nursing my little girl and many nights of watching television. I just wouldn't buy it again.And i am thinking i will not review something until i have had it long enough to properly evaluate whatever it is.Hope this helps...take care :)