I ordered this bag back in November, 2012, when it briefly went on sale, in anticipation of my daughter's birth in April, 2013. When I received it, I was very happy. The material had a great look and feel to it and organization of the interior allowed me to store everything I needed.  I got a lot of compliments on this bag and was pretty happy with it until recently.  Three weeks ago, after using the bag for only a few months, it all started to deteriorate. I am a stay-at-home mom and only had cause to use the bag a few days/week for quick outings. The first time I washed the changing pad (included with the bag) it tore open at the seam. This alone, was not really enough to upset me, I just figured I would replace it. The very next day, the fabric loop on the interior of the bag, that attaches to the links holding the stroller straps and cross-body strap, tore loose. It must have been torn for quite a while and I just didn't realize it because on further examination I noticed the loop opposite it was almost torn completely through as well. This left me with a bag that couldn't be attached to either of my strollers and could only be carried with the shoulder straps (a pain when you're carrying a wiggly, 17-lb baby at the same time).I contacted Timi and Leslie customer service in hopes that they might offer some resolve to the disintegration of a very expensive product and was met with courteous/professional responses but that was about it. After two weeks and sending them all the information they asked for (proof of purchase, photos of damage etc.) they said that I should take advantage of the 365-day return policy available on the product through Amazon for a replacement/refund. After trying to process the return through my Amazon account it became very clear that there is no 365-day policy, but a 90-day policy. I contacted Amazon customer service directly to see if there was something I misunderstood about the policy... and there wasn't. Amazon, being the amazing company they are, has since resolved this issue for me, but it is hugely disappointing that I had to seek out this kind of assistance in the first place.I really liked this bag in the beginning but was beyond frustrated to have it fall apart on me after only a few months normal 'wear and tear'.  So many of my friends recommended their Petunia Picklebottom bags but I wanted something different and didn't want to spend quite that much.  Now I'm going to have to buy another bag. The hassle of all of this alone would have been worth another $40. To pay this much for a diaper bag with great looks but poor manufacturing is maddening. The stellar reviews of this product on Amazon convinced me to buy this bag. Now I'm offering my experience to you in hopes that you will make an informed decision.