I bought this stroller and was really excited about the potential for full recline and a bassinet style.Positives:-Nicely padded and comfy-Fully reclines-Can be forward or rear facing-It actually does accomodate my Graco Snug Ride carseat quite well (Although the stroller canopy doesn't extend over the infant carrier b/c the sides of the car seat block it). I have found the infant carrier canopy to be just fine.-Easily removable snack tray-When rear facing withou the car seat my three year can ride on the "footbar" similar to the Peg.Cautions:-I have a tahoe SUV and this stroller does not fold up as compactly as I would like, which often makes it a bit cumbersome to lug in and out. I bought this one to replace my Graco City Lite, which I ultimately decided to keep because there are some things I like better about it.-I find it does not manuver as well as I would like, the front wheel locks flip up (and lock) on their own quite often and I have to unlock them so the stroller will turn well. Also, the wheels do not have a rigid surface, which I never would have thought would matter but it seems the lack of traction makes it difficult for the wheels to catch and turn at times.-Basket is small and directly under the stroller, there is a double sided zip that allows you to get into it easily. I did not find the small basket to be much of a problem b/c I just hang the diaper bag on the handle bar.Negatives:-This is a big one for those who want to use this as a bassinet: The boot or security flap does not secure on the stroller without the snack tray. And to use it as a bassinet without the boot and the leg flaps popped up the babies don't really seem bassinet secure. Plus the harness has a lot of slack and there seem to be straps everywhere. MY son kept kicking his feet and wacking them on the snack tray and it just didn't seem as comfortable as I would have hoped. *he was 4 months when we bought thisOverall, I do like this stroller, BUT if you are buying this for a 1st child or plan to use it over time for several children you may want to spend the extra money on a Peg Venezia and call it an investment for the future. My friend has one and the bassinet feature is so much more secure and  the foot bar for older kids to "ride on" is much more substantial and stable.If you can find a Peg Venezia for around the same price, invest in the Peg. I thought the Peg was bulky upon fold up but so is the I thru compared to my old City Lite.