When I was looking at buying refillable pouches, I saw 3 main brands. I ended up purchasing Go Baby Fresh and the EZ Squeezee ones at the same time.  There was another product out there that also made a "filling station."  This made me nervous and I thought that these things would be really difficult to fill.  I wouldn't waste my money on the filling station.  I am sure that it does make it more convenient but it isn't necessary as the pouches are pretty easy to fill.Between the EZ Squeezees and the Go Baby Fresh that they both have some positives and negatives, but the EZ Squeezees came out on top for me.Here are the pros and cons for each and hopefully this will help you in deciding which ones you would purchase.EZ Squeezees:Pro's:-  Wider pocket on the side that fills.  It made it easier for me to fill them as the pocket/hole is much larger so I felt there was less mess-  Holds quite a bit of food.-  Holds up well.  I have to put the cap on so that I can scrunch the food up as my daughter eats/sucks up the food.  I do the same thing when I use the disposable/store bought ones too.Con's:-  I don't like the small cap and the product itself does not fit the caps of the disposable/store bought ones (I tried them)  Side note: after purchasing the product I did find that the company has started making ones so that you can choose if you would like the larger caps.  I am not sure if the disposable caps will fit on those ones as I haven't tried them.  In the picture they look exactly like the caps on the store bought ones.Go Baby FreshPro's:-Hold a lot of product-Compatible with the caps on the store bought pouches.  (Store bought pouches have different colored caps, and I often use the caps to color code what is in the pouch, although there is a space to write it in and write baby's name but I just choose not to use this and went with my own method.)-Holds up well-The green package is transparent/opaque in color so you can actually see how much is left in the pouch instead of going by feel.Con's:-I don't like how the pouch opening is on the side and diagonal.  This makes the opening much smaller and it only stands upright so it makes it kind of awkward to fill, at least for me anyway.  It seemed to make filling a bit messier.All in all, they both were pretty good products but the ease of sitting/standing the EZ Squeezee upright to fill and the larger opening made them my go to pouch and favorite opposed to the Go Baby Fresh.