This potty was too small for my 2 1/2 old son. In Munchkin's defense, my son is average height for a 4 year old. He had to move and scoot and push back to make sure he pee'd in the bowl, but if allowed to sit 'comfortably', he wouldn't fit.. After a few uses, I decided to switch him to the standard toilet and use the ring seat and step stool feature. Here are my 'straight-to-the-points';1. The potty ring/opening itself was too small, and yet the entire seat was too big and bulky overall. We have an average sized bathroom but there was really only one spot the chair could sit without being in the way of the tub, the sink or block the door. It also fit poorly against the toilet, and WAY more step than one would need for the task. It didn't take me long to decide that I'd much rather have a nice, small wooden step stool that could sit out in the open and still look nice.2. The removable potty ring centered itself on the toilet leaving a small gap in front of the ring. This meant that on a few occasions, my son shot right thru the hole making a mess..3. There is no gripping on the underside of the ring, so it slips and moves around on the standard bathroom toilet. The movement made it difficult for my son to use without my help. I could tell that my son would hesitate before I held his hands to sit down. He knew it shifted and he did not like it one bit. The movement also made it hard for him to position himself right without putting too much weight on one side causing it to pop up.4. The wipes are a useless feature. They sounded like a cool feature when I ordered it. But once in practice, they're hard to get out, and are very small & thin. Just my opinion, but it's one bell/whistle that they could have done away with.  Same gos with the air freshener. It fell out once in the holding pot, and I had no desire to replace it. I never let pee/poo sit in the toilet, so odor was never an issue.In Arm & Hammer's defense, my son is very tall for his age. So, I may find other chairs to be small, too. But, I didn't buy those chairs, I bought this one. Of the three features, all failed for us. Too small for a potty chair, too unsafe to use the toilet ring, and too bulky & difficult to move around as a step-stool. The poor quality of the toilet ring sizer is reason enough to not buy this chair.