I hate this chair.. twice. Granted I have twins, and a bunch of other kids, and I am tired and sleep deprived, so maybe dislike is a more accurate or fair description of my feelings as opposed to hate,  but man I am super disappointed. Yes, I bought two, this lovely pink-red thing and the black one. Even that was a monumental decision. Should they match? Do these babies want that individuality already? what to do? it took me a few days. Seriously, making decisions on little sleep is challenging at best and even after a week of research I didn't make a good one.Issue one: I was looking for the cool chairs that go up, and down. this adjusts to FIVE heights. The problem is the number one setting is on the floor. I don't do yoga, even if I had less kids and time, I don't sit on the floor often. I am old and kinda hefty, and well- I don't want the kid sitting in a high chair on the floor. The tallest does not reach our 8 seater bar height Costco special- table. That was the point, so I am really not happy.Issue two: they weigh a ton. seriously, try and move these things around .. did I mention twice... and you wont have to do yoga. They are heavy. and the wheels ONLY on the back make the thing really  not easy to maneuver if say, you have to scoot one out of the way to catch something coming out of another.Issue three: the tray is really not easy. I have had 3-4 high chairs through here and this is BY FAR the most difficult tray to get on the chair. Plan on the following maneuver several times each day. Bend over, ensure that it matches EXACTLY and squeeze the under the tray part while applying pressure and ensuring fingers and toes are not in the way. Yoga. again.Issue four: that extra easy clean tray on top of the tray? yeah, two hands people. Steroids may be required to remove that thing with ease. or ..yeah, yoga.Issue five: maybe my kids are short or something, but the tray seems to be a little too close to their 7 month old foreheads. I bought some suction cup spinny toys for the trays and well, they just stare at them longingly. No chance they are reaching those gold mines for many, many months. poor things.The plastic non-crease, easy to wipe, chair pad is actually a plus. I like it. a little. But the straps are still fabric and will end up gross. they seem super long too, like I could wrap babies twice. I put them on because it's habit but honestly, the thing keeping those babies in that chair is the giant crotch block and the tall tray. I am basically dropping them into a hole, and dripping in some sweet potatoes. But then the seat wipes clean. awesome.Another plus, which is one of the reasons I bought these is that they went together in about 2 minutes. yep. super easy assembly, no tools no little parts, no screws, just a snap, a few pops, and done. Then you are all set to get down on the floor and have babies watch you do some yoga. I don't do yoga.