We bought this gate to secure the kitchen from our toddler.  We chose this gate because a) we were pleased with Munchkin's Extra-Tall Extra-Wide gate that we had previously purchased for use at the top of the stairs and b) it had the lowest floor-bar of any of the pressure-mounted products I considered.Pros:(1) The low, beveled-edge floor bar is almost impossible for an adult to stumble over and is a nice safety feature for our toddler as well.(2) Sufficient hardware included. The gate can be precisely adjusted to different lengths on the top and bottom of each side to take into account the width of baseboards if necessary. Both gates we own by Munchkin are designed this way, but we have gates made by two other major brand names and neither have this feature and require extra hardware, material, and time in order to install properly.  The Munchkin design is a real time-saver as a result.Cons:(1) It is not very wide.  We have a 42" galleyway between our kitchen and the dining room so I had to purchase an extension to make this gate fit.(2) It is expensive compared to other gates.  With the extension it was well over $100 before shipping and sales tax.(3) There was a rust-colored, powdery residue on parts of the frame and bars that had to be cleaned off (it came off easily with water).  Our suspicion was the gate was a return and/or had missed some final QC step. In the end we decided it wasn't worth the hassle of returning it, even though in our opinion it is over-priced (even compared to other Munchkin gates).(4) Our biggest complaint: Once finally installed, the latch mechanism was pretty difficult to open compared to other safety gates that we own. There was nothing obviously defective with the latch. It is comprised of many parts and is not as rugged as latches on other safety gates. I guess the trick is to push firmly downward with both hands to get the latch to clear the catch. Once you feel the latch clear, apply a very light lateral force in the direction you want the gate to open and the gate will release quite easily. Once you know the trick it isn't that bad.  But the amount of downward force required is substantial.  On the plus side there is no way a kid will get that open.  Maybe this gate was a return due to some issue with the latch.  If I had known the latch would be this difficult to open compared to other safety gates then we never would have purchased this in the first place.Also note: this is marketed as a pressure-mounted gate which technically it is however it does come with some mating cups for the disks that secure the gate to the wall. These cups must be mounted to the wall with fasteners that are all included.