I wrote this letter to TikeTech 3 months ago and they never responded to me:I purchased a TikeTech double stroller a little over a year ago.  I have twins and a 5 month old baby.  Since purchasing I have been meeting regret after regret with your product.1. No snack tray or drink tray for your stroller.  I need a one stop shop.  I don't want to be running around going online to shop for things to fit your stroller, only to return them because they do not fit.  It's quite annoying.  I don't want to have to stop and sit and hand snacks to each of my twins when we are on a walk.  They are too young to understand how to hold something in their hands so it doesn't spill or fall our on to the street.2. The bottom compartment under the stroller hangs low and scrapes the ground and so now it is frayed and cut.  Mind you, I only have one kid's blanket in there, two pairs of kids shoes, and baby powder.  You need to add something to support this comparent across the middle where most of the weight has to bear down.3. Recently one of the screws for the brake just FELL OUT!  I looked down and I saw that the right side of the brake was off and falling off.  Now the brake only works on the left side and not the right.  This is all on an all terrain stroller?  On a jogging excursion, if the brake doesn't work and I am on a decline, WHAT THEN?!4. The front wheel guard has NEVER stayed on longer than an hour.  It is constantly getting loose and I do not know why.5. The front wheel does not stay straight and likes to veer to the left AND whenever I have to move right or left, I have to lift the front wheel, almost doing a wheely type of move, keeping the stroller on only its hind wheels and maneuver the stroller that way, while holding the handlebars.6. The handlebar where the children sit, is always falling off.  If my son (who is 18 months) leans on it, it falls off.7. The parasols/sun shades are always coming detached from the snap in holders.8. When I emailed your company about all of these issues, I got zero response from them.  For a stroller that is not cheap, your customer service should be a lot better, and so should your product.  If any of the other mothers in the twins group asks me in person or online if I would recommend this stroller or company I would tell them "No, after the point of sale, they forget you are alive."