We received this at our baby shower. Originally, we registered for a much nicer bouncer, but were given this one instead. "Oh well!" we thought.... Today I'm wishing I would have gotten the store credit and just got the one I wanted at first.PROS:- The cloth cover is removable and machine washable.- Cute dangly toys have been a fun distraction for my son. This part snaps off easily too.- Has a vibrate feature that might work for some babies, hasn't seemed to phase my son though.- Is very easy for baby to bounce themselves after a couple of months.- It's definitely affordable in comparison to many of the other fancy bouncers out there.CONS:- The wire that the frame of this thing is made of is just not meant to last. Friends of ours had this same bouncer, different "theme" and their daughter after 7 months completely flattened this thing. USELESS at that point. My son will be 6 months next week, and when we set him in this thing, it REALLY bends backwards. Also, his legs and feet are hanging off the end of it pretty far. I'm thinking this thing is good for use until babies reach around 4-5 months, depending on the child. Just not a big enough window of use for me.- The vibrate feature should really have a timer... It doesn't make any noise, and I left it on many a times and burnt through a few sets of batteries before we decided it was a pointless feature.- Couldn't tell you how many times I walked past my son happily bouncing away on this thing and stumped my pinky toe on the wire edges of this that stick out really far. Now maybe that's just my slumsy self, but we do live in a pretty small place, so that might be something to consider if you have a small place and are looking at this.- Simply not enough features for me, not enough longevity, etc etc.Conclusion:If you are in a financial strain and are needing to purchase baby things for yourself, this is just fine, but if you are registering for a bouncer, or have the money to buy a better one, I would really recommend it. Our son isn't sitting unassisted yet, and we want him to have a seat that he can sit in by himself until he is more mobile. That is what we were hoping this would be, but it is RUINING it as he sits in it. Not something you can save for baby #2. I am planning on selling it in a garage sale soon... if my son doesnt completely flatten it by then.