Pros:visually appealinggood fit (once baby reaches about 8lbs - they didn't fit my daughter for almost 6 weeks!)Cons:WICKING when paired with a (barely wet) snappied cotton flatWICKING when paired with a (barely wet) folded cotton flatWICKING when paired with a (barely wet) super absorbent hemp/cotton insertBackground:I purchased 3 Thirsties Duo Wraps for my daughter, now 3 months old.  Using a pul cover + folded cotton diaper (or, as we now prefer, hemp/cotton inserts) has been a very cost-effective and simple cloth diapering method.  However, these covers are my LEAST favorite in our supply.  The white trim is cute, but it is *not* waterproof.  This means that it stains easily (not a big deal) and it consistently wicks moisture from the inner diaper out onto clothes (VERY big deal).  We change my daughter as soon as we know her diaper is wet or dirty; during the day we never go more than 2 hours.  Our cotton and hemp diapers have been stripped and we have confirmed that they are not repelling.  She is not a heavy wetter.  However, if she wets (or worse!) even slightly off-center, the moisture wicks out immediately.This problem was not as noticeable when she was an immobile newborn, but it's a huge issue with a squirmy-but-not-quite-rolling 3-month-old.  Today alone, she's soaked 3 outfits - one for each Thirsties cover she's worn while her Flip cover is in the wash.  I'm not waiting to see how ugly things gets when she CAN roll & crawl.  I ordered more Flip covers today.  Even if the leg elastic does wear out (the one we own still looks great after 2 months of heavy use), I'll be happy to spend $2 at the fabric store for a roll of replacement elastic.  Unfortunately, there's no fix for Thirsties wicking.  I may try tent waterproofing spray until the Flips arrive!One final bit of information for new cloth diaperers:"Double leg gussets" don't exist - they are a single gusset with double elastic.  They do *not* inherently contain messes better (even breastfed messes, etc.) because only one elastic touches the leg, just like a non-gussetted cover.  They *do* change the contour of the cover somewhat, and create a better fit for *some* babies (like my niece).  On my daughter, the double elastic tends to wiggle inward until it touches the cloth diaper/insert, and then it wicks like crazy.  We've tried SweetPea and Rumparooz covers and experienced wicking similar to Thirsties, though less severe/frequent due to superior waterproofing.  Please try different styles, and find a cover that fits *your* baby's legs. Don't write off non-gussetted covers because they "don't contain messes."