I really wanted to love this travel crib.  I read all of the reviews and loved the dimensions and close to the floor stability and zip open side. I was excited for ours to arrive a few days before an excursion to my mom's house.  I found it fairly easy to set up out of the box without having to consult the instructions, but no faster than setting up my pack and pack out of the box.  I thought the mattress was a little thicker than the pack and play, but overall comparable.  It would've taken me considerably longer to set up this travel crib had I attached all of the Velcro tabs to the mattress.  I found it plenty stable without attaching them and maybe for some added benefit, I will attach 1 on each side.  I'm having a hard time justifying the price tag, especially when I realized that in order to use those Velcro tabs, I would have to buy the custom sheets at ~$20/sheet and then if I wanted a bassinet option for another baby on the way, it would cost an additional $100, bringing my total investment in this travel crib > $300!!  I want to support smaller family owned businesses, but at some point, I have to evaluate the economics.  I was also not thrilled with the take down of this crib.  I did not find it intuitive or easy, although I did like the instructions for set-up and take-down affixed to the crib for easy consultation.  I had a hard time understanding that the diagram was telling me to pull the leg slightly to be able to separate the joint and fold it.  Now that I know this, I'm sure it will become a lot easier and faster, but again, no faster than my pack and play that I could take down easily in less than a min.  I also found it very cumbersome to get everything back in the bag.  I always liked the way the pack and play mattress had the Velcro attachments to secure everything together before getting it in the bag and found it easy to then get the unit into the bag.  I think the Lotus bag is of much higher quality, but it also gave it a stiffness that made it challenging to get everything back in and I practically had to sit on it to get it zipped back up.  We travel a lot, but I have never brought a travel crib as a carry on on a plane and couldn't imagine doing this (we have enough stuff as is).  I have checked my pack and play when going to the grandparent's house, but when going most other places, I have found it far less hassle to rent or borrow baby gear at our travel location.  Anyway, this crib is less bulky than the pack and play but in reality, it's not that much lighter or less bulky.  Both fit easily into my car.  I've owned 2 pack and plays over 8 years (and the first would've been fine to keep over that time span, but I decided to upgrade to one with the bassinet feature) and I can not argue that they are perfect, but don't think you can beat the ease of set-up / take-down, accessories, and overall value.  As far as the feature I was most excited about - the zip down side - I like the fact that it clips shut and can not be easily opened from the inside, but I found that it wasn't really a benefit of getting my son in there more easily than reaching over the side because it is still a zipper and closing it up is noisy enough to stir him and require me to reach over the side to settle him down.  My 2yo and 4yo enjoyed using it as a play fort the day we received it, but I'm sure there are less expensive options for this purpose!  Overall, with all of the added expenses and nothing that has "blown me away" about this crib, I think I will have to return it for the pack and play jetsetter.