I really like the BabyKicks Nursing Pads - Jersey, Set of 3, so when I saw they had a diaper made of basically the same material, I wanted to try it out.  I liked it, but there were a few things (for me) that don't make this a 4- or 5-star item...The Material-- (This I actually give 5 stars)The item is primarily a Hemp/Cotton blend-- hemp has great absorbency without a lot of the bulk.  Very importantly-- you have to wash and dry it a few times to get all the natural plant oils out, so that it softens up and absorbs more.  (Some people short-cut this and boil their hemp for 20 mins and then cool them down and wash them) I knew this going in, so this wasn't an issue for me.  Just know that it'll be a bit rough at first until it breaks in.YOU STILL NEED A WATERPROOF COVER.  This is important, else the material will saturate and leak through to clothes, bedding, etc.  I *will* say that my daughter wet this one and it didn't leak through!!! (I tempted fate without a cover during nap time, and she's a side sleeper)  That was impressive, but not sure about how I would have done that over-night.  I also don't know about any "#2 situations," we were apparently strictly doing #1 with our test.The Fit -- (This is where the lower rating comes in)These diapers say they fit up to 40lbs.  I don't know whose 40lbs they were thinking... My daughter is 6mos/25lbs, and I can BARELY get the largest snap setting to fit her.  She is a chunker, but there should have still been enough room there.  If you have a tall, lean baby, I would see this possibly working better.  But if you have a bruiser... I don't recommend it.Also, I'm sure if it was related to the weight limit issue, but the crotch really seemed to 'bag' off of her, which looked like it would be difficult to get clothes on right.The wings/tabs are 'backwards' from traditional cloth/disposable tab layouts.  It is enough to throw you off at first, but not a deal breaker at all.BOTTOM LINE - I loved the material and the concept.  If the size had been on target, I would have gladly bought a week's worth of just this type of diaper.  So sad it wasn't meant to be.** Update, 6 months later-- She still fits in them, as she leveled out on the growth factor... however it's still at the 'max' setting and won't make 40lbs, I believe.  She has worn this overnight and soaked it pretty heavily, but our wool cover didn't have a problem with it.  She has also done a MASSIVE #2 in it in the car and again, it held.  It stained pretty good after that, and needed sunning, but it didn't impact the ability to be what it is-- a diaper.