Well I know this gets amazing reviews.  For us it was not even a little bit of a value.  Firstly I should say I had a 3yr old, nearing 4, who was using a toilet, but ONLY, and I mean only, when being taken & reminded.  He just never seemed to move on to that step of independently alerting anyone he needed to go or going on his own.  BUT if he was taken regularly, he would use the toilet...the issue was having adults on board to remember to ask/take at intervals.My son was excited about it before it arrived.  We read the book together a total of ONCE...he was happy to have the monkey & take it potty the first few hours.  Then as the day progressed he clearly found the monkey a needy nag & eventually I heard the monkey going off in the trash can.  I asked him what happened & he said he hated that monkey & never wanted to see him again.  Turns out he wasn't kidding.  If I so much as mentioned potty monkey he became noticeable agitated & upset about it, and one time stated "that monkey stresses me out" LOL - because well being 3 is stressful I guess .  I wasn't involved with the potty monkey experience, past the initial reading & explaining.  I didn't push, pressure or encourage anything.  I sort of figured at nearing 4yrs old, his issues mostly surrounded a need to be reminded often (which I frankly was having a hard time doing with a new baby - as I was tired & setting a timer for myself was sometimes waking baby)....so I thought this was a good alternative for a kid who LOVES stuffed animals & often likes to play pretend & care for his animals like babies.  I was so wrong.  Turns out it took him a full year longer to stop having accidents & I think he just had to mature & learn to pay attention to his cues.  But this wasn't the way to help that for us, at all.  He never got agitated or upset when asked by a person to go try to see if he had to go...but this monkey stressed him out.  LOL  I've saved it in case the next one likes it, but potty monkey is truly the butt of jokes in my house & we laugh about the "potty monkey incident" when he was screaming for help from inside the trash can.  The reason it is so funny, is the child in question is so happy go lucky & easy breezy that I have never seen him hate a toy before or since nor react so negatively to anything.  So we compare any of his moodiness on a potty monkey scale. ;)