Update: Along with the below regarding PVC and their questionable non-toxic claim (that their customer service didn't even know about and couldn't clarify), when this finally aired out and we tried it on the seat, no matter how tight our Foonf Clek carseat was attached (the best! Made in Detroit by a car company with honeycomb crash technology, like a car)--this "car seat protector" caused it to be loose, to rock back and forth with any mild leaning or pressure from the child, and not firmly attached to the seat, actually caused the seat to fall over. When I took my daughter for a ride in it to the grocery store, it literally slid and fell over sideways when she leaned over and reached to her left to her sippy holder in the center of the back seat! I freaked out (as did she) and pulled over, as you can imagine. Holy Wow, let's talk about unsafe! (And it's not our car, we have a brand new Volvo XC90 SUV, as safe and carseat-child-friendly as it gets.) This mat causes your carseat to be loose and UNSTABLE. We also learned that all car seat warranties are VOID (and that's for a reason; we experienced why) if you use one of these. Having something between the carseat and the seat itself causes the carseat to not be able to "dig in" or grip the seat, which is what you WANT (and what they design the seats to do, for safety), so there is no movement and it is safe and stable for the child. We are going to just have to buck up and clean the seats, my fellow lazy parents, if we want to keep our kids safe! It seems like a good idea initially, but is in actuality not only impractical but unsafe, and a waste of your time and money to go down this car seat protector rabbit hole--which I did so you don't have to! :) We immediately threw it away, after our experience, as it is simply NOT worth the risk of your child's life, to keep the top of the seat clean. This item is dangerous. Please do not purchase it.Original Review:The first version I received was not as pictured, and had no strap at the top. I contacted Freddie & Sebbie and they quickly replaced mine with the correct version, which I appreciated. Although upon receiving it (whereas the older version had no odor whatsoever) the new version had a very strong PVC odor, which makes me doubt their claims that the cover is "Non-Toxic" and "PVC-free"--especially considering that I purchased several protectors/brands at once to try, and 2 of them had the exact same white sticky backing as Freddie & Sebbie (one of them, the "Grandma Pepper" cover was literally the exact same seat cover, stitch for stitch and all materials used, must be made in the same factory in China and just has a different name on it)--and the other mats used the same white backing and had "materials used" tags that said "50% PVC, 50% polyester." Whereas the Freddie & Sebbie mat--which was exactly the same-- was the only mat of 5 with NO materials tag on it. That, and when I emailed customer service about it and it being "non-toxic," (and what this constituted/materials) the company rep said that he "didn't know" and was "not sure about the non-toxic part," couldn't answer my question and would have to get back to me. He didn't. Mine is still airing out and I haven't tried it yet, to test its functionality. We'll see, but after this development and the reviews I've read about it compromising seat safety/function/warranty, I am on the fence. But one thing is for certain--if you are going to put "Non-Toxic" in your item listing title, your customer service had better be able to explain this and back it up, or else you will lose the business of people who care about that factor, people who do their homework--which is who I am writing this review for, for whom this aspect matters. The white sticky webbed backing material which is exactly the same as 2 other covers I tried, which is listed as PVC on both other brands' material labels (and the Freddie & Sebbie is literally the exact same mat as the Grandma Pepper's cover, only with a different brand name) and SMELLS like PVC, supposedly is not, and we're just supposed to believe that without a materials used tag, and customer service doesn't even "know" about that and can't answer? Highly, highly questionable. "Greenwashing" abounds.