I was so looking forward to getting this carrier, and the day it arrived on my doorstep, I was super excited.  I was looking forward to actually being able to have my hands free to do some work around the house--nothing major, but at least some vacuuming or dishes.  Boy, was I in for it...I tried the sling on without the babies in it first, as suggested on the instructions.  It seemed like all was well and felt pretty comfy--until I actually put the babies in it.  Immediately, I experience neck and shoulder strain.  The carrier was very uncomfortable, bordering on painful to wear.  I can't imagine carrying two 15 pound babies in this, let alone my little 6 pound babies.But my physical discomfort was the least of my worries.  The babies were not comfortable either.  Their heads seemed to be kinked or something.  And they kept tilting inward toward my body, causing their faces to be buried in the carrier's fabric.  I can now see why some reviewers mention suffocation.  I tried to roll up a towel to lay inside the sling in an attempt to keep them from rolling inward toward my body.  This seemed to help somewhat, but the babies still cried the entire time they were in the sling, appearing to be in discomfort.I thought I would try to nurse them in the slings in case they were just crying out of hunger.  Adjusting the slings to nurse was quite the ordeal!  And again, very uncomfortable.  It was really a challenge to be able to get my breast in the kids' mouth--I couldn't seem to get them close enough to my body to keep them latched on.  So much for hands-free nursing.And so the crying continued until I finally gave up and took them out.Now, this sling was not exactly cheap, so I am pretty irritated right now that I can't use it.  Maybe I am wrong, and maybe the poor review I am giving this product is unwarranted.  If so, and if you know of something that I could be doing wrong, PLEASE LET ME KNOW!  I would love to be able to actually use this sling!  Until then, it sits and collects dust, and I am one POed mama.  With a sore neck.