I have a love-hate relationship with this giraffe. My son loves it. It is comforting to him and helps him sleep (which means we love it too,!) Overall, we are happy with the purchase, but we do have a few complaints:The Good:1. Our son adores his giraffe and quickly became attached to it. He is 13 months old now and has had it since he was only a few weeks old. He seeks it out when he's sleepy and walks around the house clutching onto its neck.2. It really does help soothe him when he's tired and it helps him fall asleep. He can be screaming in his crib and you hand him his giraffe and he quiets instantly. He cuddles with it and plays with its little ears until he falls asleep. Now that's he's teething, he loves to chew on it. He almost always sleeps with his arms wrapped around it in a hug, and he usually wants to bring it with him when he wakes up. (Disclaimer: My first-born owned a Sleep Sheep and it did absolutely nothing for him.)3. It's super cute and the travel size is perfect for sticking in the diaper bag or bringing along in the carThe Bad:1. Our giraffe has a defective on/off/volume dial. It doesn't click off all the way like the others I've seen, so we're never sure if it's really off, and it goes through batteries like crazy. The first six months or so that we used it, it kept shorting on us all the time. It would turn off after only a minute or two (sometimes less), but if we turned it off and back on a few times, eventually we could get it to stay on until the timer ran out. I tried contacting Cloud B about this and received no response whatsoever - not even an acknowledgment that they received my message. Poor customer service and no phone number listed on their Web site that I could see.2. The sound box does not fit well into its pocket. You really have to work hard to cram it in there each time you change the batteries, which is often if your baby loves his giraffe like mine does.3. The safari sounds are kind of strange, and with their drum beats and giraffe noises, not very calming. We tend to stick to the last one (labeled "sleep" on the giraffe and "waterfall" on the box) which is your more basic white noise. Sometimes my baby bumps his giraffe in the middle of the night and we start hearing giraffe noises at 3.a.m. The giraffe is cuter than the sleep sheep (which we also own) but the sheep definitely wins for better sounds.4. My baby used to wake up every time the sound turned off, which is after 23 or 45 minutes, depending which setting you choose. I wish it had the option of staying on longer, or the volume gradually fading away instead of ending so abruptly. My husband and I used to lay awake knowing it was going to shut off soon, then one of us would get out of bed and quickly turn it off and back on again so it would keep playing without waking the baby. Not ideal.All that being said, my baby LOVES his sleep giraffe more than anything, and it really does provide comfort and security and help him fall asleep, and for that, we are very grateful.