I bought this item after reading the good reviews, but I really haven't been happy with it from day one. I find the item to be a constant chore in cleaning. With any normal child, the cover is going to get dirty--I have to wash it 1-2 times a week depending on what I serve--spaghetti and bananas are the worst.It's difficult to take the cover off the bar around the back because of the angle and I have to wash the hippos, the bars, the table surface and everything in between with soapy warm water and a sponge. I use Simple Green and wipe down the table top after every use, but food inevitably gets trapped under the hippos and will dry there and along the table's edge where I miss on occasion. Therefore, everything has to get a good cleaning 1-2 times a week!! I use a dustbuster for crumbs as well. It's a chore--I have found it to be more work than I bargained for. With all the washing the cover has now gone through (I air dry), the seams have now torn in one spot.(One thing I do is to place a children's placemat underneath the hippos and then attach and lock in place. This way the placemat takes a beating from the constant cleaning--3x a day--and not my table).Furthermore, how the heck am I supposed to take that to a restaurant?? It doesn't just come off the table--you have to unlock and seperate the three pieces and put them back together again--unless I have missed something and there is an easier way to break it down, but I don't think so!The one last drawback is that my daughter can weasel herself out of the chair. I have tightened the belt around her tummy to what appears to be a very uncomfortable point, but she can still prop her foot on part of the chair that latches to under the table and get out. She has nearly climbed onto the table more than once. I can never turn my back on her for fear that she will climb out and end up on the floor from a three foot drop.Needless to say, I wasn't terribly impressed or happy with the chair and will start looking for a booster seat that will sit on a dining chair and is made of plastic.