The part that attracted me about this stroller model was that it was marketed as flexible enough to handle kids as they grew, with "12 seating positions" and that it was for Graco's Classic Connect line of car seats.  When we discovered we were pregnant with our daughter barely 8 months after our son was born, I thought it was a perfect chance to reuse some admittedly expensive equipment.  Since my son outgrew the Graco car seat, we at least had another opportunity to use it again.  I went seeking Graco double strollers specifically for that reason and didn't consider any other manufacturer.The R2G seems attractive because it appeared to offer the most flexibility and potential longevity (our children have some developmental delays, so they won't likely be walking on their own until much later than other typical children their age).  The "12 positions" seemed particularly attractive.But what that doesn't say is that the diagrams clearly show multiple instances of the SAME positions but with differently sized children.  The seat and child configurations themselves are no different.The reality is that there are 8 different possible combinations, not 12.  Also, the configuration diagram in the back of the instruction manual is not accurate -- the scale is different from the actual product, and implies that the stroller is larger than it actually is.  When I place the Classic Connect car seat in the back position, my son is pressed up against the tray in the front seat, to the point where I can't lift him out unless I remove or disconnect the tray.  Thus, I put him in the back seat, and my daughter in the front, with both of them rear-facing, like in a shopping cart.In essence, the real product is shorter in both length and height than the diagrams in the manuals depict.  There are 8 distinct positions, not 12 (because again, two differently sized children sitting in the same seat in the same facing is NOT two different positions).  And yes, this stroller does handle like the Queen Mary II, the foot brake and tray are in a very awkward position that my 5'1" wife constantly seems to accidentally kick, as do I even though I know about it (and I'm 5'8").It does fit well in the back of my 2008 Ford Escape, but it is awkward to handle.  I also wish the restraining clip that keeps it from unfolding accidentally was a different color than the rest of the stroller; we have a single-seat Graco stroller that is constructed similarly, and its clip is red while the rest of the stroller is blue, making it very easy to see.  The black-on-black of this R2G makes the clip difficult to see, and while I like to see myself as an involved father, I'm not using this stroller every day such that I remember which side the clip is on.Overall, it's a decent enough product and meets our needs.  It does not, however, exceed our expectations to where we're singing its praises from the tops of mountains.  We bought this R2G because we had to, and we'll continue to use it until our kids are grown enough to no longer need a stroller.  But I would caution other new parents to consider other options first for double strollers.