We purchased this to replace a 3+ year old Summer Infant 900MHz Day & Night 2.5" color system (a good system; make sure you use tuner cleaner on the controls every so often, and plan on replacing the batteries every 18 months).  The description for this Best View monitor on the Amazon site states it is 900 MHZ.  WARNING: It is not 900 MHz, but 2.4GHz.The flyer in the Best View box stated that the 2.4GHz may cause some interference, and that it would be best to turn off those devices for best performance.  Well, with TiVo, Linksys wireless router, iTouch, laptops, wireless printer, etc., all using 2.4GHz 802.11g, that is impractical.  How bad is the interference?  With the video camera on the top floor, the wireless in the house generally still worked for anything beyond 20 ft from the camera, but it significantly slows things down, and may not be immediately apparent to you.  But, if the monitor (receiver) is moved near another device (say on a lower level), it REALLY brings the network to its knees. I ran performance tests, and it could reduce network throughput by up to 80%, and even lock it up.  Ouch!  Furthermore, when we ran our laptops up near the camera, in this case a bedroom next to it, those laptops could not even use wireless networking ... not at all - LOCKED UP 100% of the time (Mac and PC).  As soon as the camera is turned off, the network is back up and running.I even ran tests by assigning different 2.4GHz 802.11g channels (Channel 9 for router, Channel 3 for camera (camera was fixed)), and still had the same problems. I cannot speak for 802.11n networks, so that may be what some of the reviewers are having success with.  It could be that since some devices support the 5GHz version of the 802.11n standard, that may be your best bet for a work-around.Summary.  Although we returned the unit because of the 2.4 GHz issue, here is a quick run down from our 1 day of use:PROS:- GREAT video. Crisp, very detailed, even when in night mode (can see details)- Video and audio are in real-time. No perceivable delay.- Pan/tilt/zoom feature is a nice touch- Range seems to be very good- Secure digital system- Manufacturer appears to have updated the software when compared to some of the older product reviews.  It seems as if they keep the infrared LEDs (actually dim red LEDs) on, then flash OFF every 5 seconds. Not very noticeable, but is brighter when viewing straight on but nothing I would be concerned with.  It appears that there is a pause in the video every 5 seconds -- it looks as if the system does not update the view; perhaps it is running some sort of calibration or self-test. In any event, they switched around the operation so that you won't see a flash every 5 seconds, but a momentary video pause.CONS:- 2.4GHz Frequency and Interference -- not compatible with most common wireless networks (and the reason for ONE star)- Power cord is too short- Camera does not angle downward near as much as the older system.  You must rig the backside of the camera up higher to view down, which also makes for an awkward panning angle.- Volume feature. You must press the Menu button, then move the joystick. BUT, this method is better than the rotary knob that is on the older 900MHz analog system (which required periodic cleaning with tuner cleaner).