We tried out these and the oxo baby cubes OXO Tot Baby Blocks Freezer Storage Containers 2-Ounce, Set 6, Clear in the 4oz size. Our daughter never ate only 2 oz so we knew we needed larger containers. As a general comment, 2 oz is just too small and impractical - you should get the slightly larger size and just feed your child anything left over at the next meal.So, I did get containers with weird yellow discoloration on them - I kept them bc we needed them and I didn't want to deal with the hassle of returning them. I washed them in the dishwasher and no problems. The storage tray is actually needed with this product because of the weird shape of the pods - you'd need a flat surface to place them on and I would still worry that they would fall and spill bc things can get chaotic in our freezer :)The pods are a little too flexible for us - we're pureeing right now and having the pods flex in your hand just means the purée may fall out - I can't see any upside at any point bc I honestly never need my containers to be flexible like this. I thought it seemed cool, but it's really more of a design flaw.Another issue, especially if you are freezing or travel with these, is that the tops will not consistently stay on. Yes, whenever you freeze you need to keep the purée below the top of the container bc it expands in the freezer, but these tops don't secure at all so they push the top right off and the food is exposed. They also pop off when you hold the container in what to me is a normal grip but I guess is tight and they come off if you throw them in a bag so you can feed your little one later. It's sort of insane.The main point though, is that the other product we bought addresses all these issues. The oxo blocks don't require that I use the freezer tray (as they are blocks, they will stack on their own), they have two sets of seals and as such the tops don't come off, regardless of what I do with them. As a mother the last thing I need is a product that makes me work harder in terms of figuring out where to put and carry things and how to hold them. Dr. Brown's pods and not for us.