I would like to give this 5 stars for price, portability, low weight and including everything needed.Unfortunately despite those advantages, there are some design issues that are a problem with this unit:1. The light on the unit does not change colors, giving no indication of power status.  To me that's a biggie.2. The LED is large and bright.  I don't know how much energy it takes, but wow. Seriously, the thing could serve as a night light.3. As others have mentioned, one has to remember to turn the switch ON when charging... even though the LED turns on the moment the battery is plugged into the charger.  I can foresee that causing a problem if someone forgets to flip the power switch ON (a counter-intuitive requirement) when trying to charge the unit... and coming back later to find an uncharged battery (probably just before a very important and time-sensitive need for said battery).4. There is only one power connector port, and it's on the same side as the switch. While this makes it easy for charging,  if someone is using this inside a box-type device there is no internal port to feed to the inside of the box.  This means the battery will not be able to both charge and power a device without removal or some odd additional wiring.5. The battery turns itself off at any power irregularity and has to be switched off and on again. While I love power protection this seems overly sensitive; it can trip by the simple act of plugging in a device.  If the battery is used internally, this can be inconvenient... and could cause real problems with essential or sensitive equipment (especially if the user is not aware of the situation.  It's listed as a "Baby Monitor" battery; imagine it shutting off in the middle of the night without notice).So while it is decently priced and portable and provides a good 12 volts, the whole LED / power switch / plug-in status setup is both bothersome to use and doesn't work the way people's minds work.  Imo it was cheaply designed without thought about how customers would tend to use it.  Unfortunately portable 12v batteries are limited in availability and choice, so this probably sells pretty well and doesn't encourage redesigning.  But attention needs to be given to updating the item, namely:1. The LED could stand to be smaller and not so bright (thus drawing less power).2. The LED should be multi-color and change according to current power status so that the user can tell when the battery is fully charged / half-charged / drained.3. The unit should recharge any time a recharger is plugged in, regardless of the position of the power switch.4. Add another power port on the opposite end of the battery for use internally in box-type devices.5. Lessen the sensitivity on the "trip off" sensor and only shut off if the battery is actually endangered.This is advertised specifically for "CCTV Camera Wireless Camera / Baby Monitor, Digital Camera, CD/MD", indicating it's intended for use in numerous different devices (and has use in other areas as well).  It should therefore be more versatile.  As the design stands, I can only give it 2 stars.  It works, but I don't like the design (thus it's not 3-star "okay").  But for the price, it may be the only thing that's available.  So I do have to give it "performance for cost" kudos.