(Bought 3/2012) My house is only 1500 sq. ft. and while my daughter's room and my room are on opposite sides of the house, this monitor still has "reception interference" (as the manual calls it). The monitor stays silent until it detects a sound in the room. When it DOES emit sound, there's quite a bit of interference and a buzz. I haven't called customer service because I was hoping to take it out of the box and have it work on the first try. Even when my daughter is just moving around in her room, the monitor will detect it (which is good). However, the only sound I hear is the buzz from the parent monitor. It's pretty annoying when it'll [what seems like] randomly detect sound and all we hear is buzzing and we have to just wait for it to turn off. I will be returning this if CS can't help.Update (8/2013): I ended up keeping this monitor and turning down the sensitivity so it wouldn't buzz all the time. That being said, the blue lights that light up with sound are VERY bright, as other reviewers stated. You always hope the other reviewers were being too sensitive or picky, but the blue light literally lights up my room and I think there's a lightning storm outside! The biggest thing about this monitor though, is that the rechargeable battery only lasts a year. I just talked to Levana today and it's $30 to get a new one! The parent monitor won't even work when on the charger either. It's very odd. For a while if I took the parent unit off the charger, it would immediately turn off, but as long as I kept it on the charger, I could still use it. That's not the case anymore. The Levana rep that I talked to today seemed to think they just needed to be linked again. But, the parent unit doesn't even turn on when on the charger...sorry for being so repetitive. I haven't needed to use the monitor much until now that I'm having another baby, so of course the monitor isn't under warranty anymore after 1 1/2 years. I'd go with a different monitor for sure!!! Also, check out NoBetterDeal.com for some pretty great deals on monitors. Some are Amazon price, and some are half the price of Amazon! Just heard about the site and now I keep checking for what they have. Good luck!