Oh you guys. I have fantasized about writing this review almost since we got this stroller and it started making my life harder. I am bitter, but don't take that to mean that I'm not being honest. I am being honest, promise. I see all the great reviews here, and I think that many of them aren't relying on the features we needed to make this fit our lifestyle. I also think too many people write a stroller review 5 minutes after taking it out of the box, and you really have no idea how it's going to work for you at that point. So if you live in a city and need a really mobile stroller, please read this. The reason people get so passionate about strollers as to create the entire stroller industrial complex is because they can seriously add or detract from your quality of life, and this one has just been one big detraction.First thing: we live in NYC. We walk all the time, take the train all the time, and were looking for a lightweight stroller that would fit our 3 1/2 year old but that might someday work for number 2 as well. That's why we went with more bells and whistles (recline, larger canopy, bigger basket) than some truly lightweight models, like the Maclaran Volo and Mark, boast. That, and it's cheaper.So, keeping in mind our lifestyle, the pros:1. The height of the handles is good. Both my husband and I, with about a foot height difference, are comfortable pushing it.2. The under storage basket is fine, and fairly accessible, as long as the seat isn't reclined.3. Though it looks strange, you can maneuver the canopy for pretty full coverage, by pushing it all the way forward and sort of draping the back fabric on the handlebars. Then the regular canopy covers the front part of the stroller. We do this when my daughter naps in the stroller.4. It does, in fact, recline, but not flat.5. In the beginning, the ride was smooth. That has changed. I think if you have a light kid (still young) and use this mainly in the mall, you could be golden. But a kid pushing 35 pounds on the city streets seems to have completely degraded the ability of this thing to push smoothly or one-handedly. See cons.6. It is a one-handed + one foot close, which is useful. It closes sort of close to the ground, but whatever. You can bend down, sort of shove it to make sure it's latched closed, and then it's done. It is not a one-handed open. You have to put thing things down for that.The cons:1. It's hard to know where to start, but let's start with the thing that has been the worst, and that I actually called about and got zero help for: the carry strap. If you are planning to rely on the carry strap, to carry this thing up and down stairs to the train, don't. The strap isn't permanently attached: you attach it to little metal loops using small clips. Think any removable carry strap, like for a convertible shoulder bag. The problem is, this isn't a shoulder bag. It's a 13 pound stroller, and the way the strap is configured, sometimes the clip just gets knocked open - undoing the strap and sending the whole thing crashing down the subway steps, while you're holding onto your preschooler and groceries and dignity and hoping no one gets killed. No, really. More than once. This happened early on, when we first bought it, and I called right away. The polite, and completely unsympathetic person I spoke with sent me a new strap. Since the issue is a design defect, that solved no problems. But, since the strap has since also actually come apart at its joint (sorry, I'm not sure how to describe this, but the strap part just unsnapped from the clip part), at least the new strap solved that. We are extremely wary of using the carry strap, and always hold the stroller with one hand even when using it. Which defeats its purpose, except that the stroller is otherwise so unwieldy that it's hard to hold with one hand and you really need the strap. Which brings me to:2. The absolutely not compact fold. When this thing folds, it latches closed in only one spot. That one latch isn't fantastically secure, and the whole thing just sort of gapes open a bit. The depth of this stroller when folded is deeper than I am, front to back. When standing on a train, that means I've added more than another person to our party - a person with filthy wheels who keeps lagging open and messing up my pants. It's also just really big for storage purposes; of course our apartment is small, and finding a place to store this thing is a pain. Ditto for fold and storage at restaurants, preschool, you name it.4. The seat angle. The seat is weirdly sort of reclined all the time. You can tell that's the standard angle looking at the photo of the stroller. When buying, I didn't think that was a big deal - it looks comfy, right? - but it makes it a bit hard for my daughter to eat in it or sit up straight. There is some velcro back there that you can use to sort of velcro closed the side flaps and create a straighter seat, but I don't think that's what the velcro is for. Just a little Joovy hack, if you need it.5. The buckle. When I was stroller shopping, I remember reading a couple reviews about how the stroller buckle was too wide or uncomfortable for their kid. I thought they were whiners. Really. I mean, it's a buckle. Gotta be standard, right? Um, no. The buckle is seriously weirdly wide - maybe 2, 2 1/2 inches? - and short. I can't get it to extend so it sits higher up on my daughter, like on her stomach. (The straps are adjustable, but the buckle component isn't). So for my average sized three year old, this means this weird wide thing is digging into her thighs and it's really uncomfortable. Which means we don't use it. We do, however, always have her put her arms through the straps. We have to, because:6. This thing is the worst at smoothness ever. EVER. Ever. Even if it did recline fully, I wouldn't put a baby in there. It started out okay, honestly. But in the 6 months we've had it, the steerability has degraded at an alarming level, as has its ability to maneuver even the most miniscule bumps in the road. We've tipped my daughter out many times - hence the requirement that she always wear the shoulder straps, which at least keep her from splaying into the sidewalk - with only the slightest provocation from the sidewalk. Ever need to open a door with one hand and steer your stroller in with the other? Good luck. Sometimes even two hands is tough. As the rest of the steering has gotten harder, it's also gotten harder to tip the stroller up - you know, when you press down on the handle bars to get the stroller up on the curb or something? Well, now I seriously put my whole weight on the thing to get it to tip. And lest you think I'm crazy (and you might, given the length of this review) my spouse and everyone who's ever pushed the stroller agree with me. We've only had the thing for six months, so the new difficulties must be from my daughter's weight. If the shift from 33 pounds when we bought it to maybe 36 pounds now is that drastic, then, you know, still, I think that's a problem. Especially because Joovy says the weight limit is 50 pounds.7. And, from the nitpicky department: The fabric. This stuff shows every stain that ever was, including, I swear, water. It looked disgusting from the first week we had it. It's one of the reasons I despaired of returning it even after the carry strap broke on me the first time: there was no way Joovy, with its terrible policy of returns of only unused goods, would take this thing back. It looked like it had been through the ringer. As mentioned, the guy sent me a new carry strap. Not a new stroller. (To be fair, I did not call back after the first conversation. I found that call to be unpleasant enough, and I'm just not confrontational enough. Before the steering started to degrade, I thought that was just an issue of a poor fit for us, but still possibly a fine stroller. Now I think the stroller is evil junk designed to make my every morning commute a trial. So I wish I had called. It's been six months; maybe I still should. But seriously -- I just bought a Maclaran. So anyway.)Finally, a note about the weight. I had a Maclaran Volo before this, but it was a several-times hand-me-down, and when it passed its prime, we needed a new stroller. Comparing 9 lbs to 13, I thought that didn't sound like a huge difference. I'm pretty strong, and the tradeoff for the extra features seemed worth it. If you are throwing this thing in a trunk or carrying it without your 30 lb. kid inside, then 13 pounds is nothing. But it turns out that moving from 9 to 13 pounds is adding 44% of the weight, and you feel it. Carrying the stroller up and down stairs with my child in it is still possible, but it's hard. Really hard. Oh, and now I'm pregnant, so let's call it impossible. Still, this one's not quite a con - it's just a tradeoff. If the rest of the stroller functioned properly for us, we might be able to put up with the weight. As it is, it's just salt in the wound.