After reading everyone else's reviews I decided to try this straw sippy since I had horrible results with the Playtex straw cups.  One of the first two I used worked fine except I had to fix the issue where liquid wouldn't come up.  The second of the two had that issue even more.  Then I used the other set (I have twins so I go through everything twice as fast) and one is horrible and would leak everytime it got knocked over and the issue of not being able to suck up liquid was bad.  The fourth was like the first one where it had minimal issues just the liquid stuck issue.To address some of the issues that I had and what other people had mentioned in reviews:No valve for vent air:There is no vent so if your child is able to drink very well the pressure builds up fast (vacuums) and then it becomes hard to suck up any liquid.Still leaks even with drip valve in straw:Must have to do with the valve on the inside of the straw that is suppose to stop the liquid from coming out.  Well, with all sippy straw cups there is always a little leak.  But for some reason one of the four I got was horrible and no matter what spilled not drips, but puddles!  The others were the typical just little bit.Can't suck up liquid:Okay, this is the big issue.  Part of this has to do with the first above reason.  Then I would do what other reviews had said-to push the inside straw more firmly into the top straw.  Well, it already feels like it can't go anywhere, but I would just keep pushing and then test the straw and it would work and then would have to test the straw again once I screwed it on because for some reason somewhere between testing it and then putting it on the cup it doesn't work again.  Let's just say my thumb is sore from pushing the hard straw into the top straw continuously.So far I like these better than the Playtex, but I'm going to keep on searching.  My thumbs are sore and my one year old twins were getting frustrated when they couldn't get the milk out.Update: After further searching for straw sippy cups I had narrowed my options down between the Zoli and Thinkbaby Thinkster.  Review after review I went with the Thinkbaby Thinkster and LOVE it!!!  The handles are optional.  There is only the lid, straw that attaches to the lid, a collar (goes inside the lid, once in it stays in to help prevent leakage) and the bottle.  Very very minimal to no leaking from straw.  The end of the straw has the same cross cut like the straws in these Munchkin cups.  There IS a valve to vent air.  Straw goes to bottom of bottle.  And I love the fact that this sippy cup has the ounce markings so you know how much your child has drank.  My twins who just turned one are able to use these straw cups easy.  One of my girls like to bang the cups around and the leaking is non-exisitent to minimal; and that minimal is less than the this Munchkin minimal or other brands I've tried.  LOVE the Thinkbaby Thinkster!