This stroller is exactly what we wanted!  Except it won't go straight when the front wheel is locked.We bought this stroller for our 12 week old daughter because it was compatible with our carseat to protect her neck. And we needed a front wheel that could swivel or stay locked. This model advertised both.  We were so excited to take it out that first night.  30 seconds into the walk my husband says "this (expletive) thing won't steer straight."  It does a great job of accepting a carseat and protecting the infant.  The wheels are large enough to easily travel over the gravel dirt road behind our house without difficulty and the shocks were great as well.  As long as we did not have the front wheel locked, it worked great.  If you are not a jogger, this model is perfect.  But if you want to actually jog with it, as advertised, then it will not work.We contacted the manufacturer regarding the defect.  They asked us to take a video of the stroller not going straight.  As soon as they received the email with the video, they contacted us to say they were shipping us a new stroller at no extra charge.  The stroller arrived.  We put the stroller together.  It wouldn't steer straight - again!We contacted the manufacturer again.  They informed us that they were just starting to get more complaints.  We just happened to be the first one.  The first model we received was manufactured in  April of 2014.  The second received was manufactured in August of 2014.  This was 4 months of no complaints?  This means there are at least 4 months of defective strollers sold.We finally informed them that we just wanted to return the stroller and get a refund.  They kept pushing other products.  The customer service representative even went as far to offer a non-jogging stroller "that can be used as a jogging stroller."  I'm guessing their attorneys wouldn't like the liability issue that she created.  They then offered another jogging stroller that actually appears to be a fantastic model - but it doesn't allow for the infant carseat.  We bought the original model specifically to use the carseat so this wouldn't work as well.Both strollers have now been returned.  We are awaiting our refund.EDIT 12/13/14.  We did receive the refund in a timely manner including the shipping cost.  We now have the Bob Revolution Flex Stroller and love it!  It was significantly more than the Jeep model, but for us it was worth it.  If cost is a factor for you and you get this Jeep model with a unit that steers straight, you will be fine.