I first heard about this when I was pregnant with my first child.  It sounded like a great idea!  I liked the idea of being able to pump directly into the bag and then feed directly out of the bag too.  I was sold.However, now that I'm into the routine of pumping and daycare and feeding, this system leaves a LOT to be desired.  I stuck with it for a few months, but ultimately stopped using most of it.  Here are some things I didn't know or hadn't considered before my baby was born:-Pumping directly in the freezer bag sounds great, and it is indeed sort of convenient when you're pumping for the freezer.  HOWEVER, once you go back to work, most of your milk is just going to go for the baby to eat the next day.  And there are LOTS of systems that allow direct pumping into the feeding bottles.  Like, virtually every bottle that exists will either directly hook up to your breast pump, or will hook up with an adapter.-Even if you are pumping to freeze, you'll probably want to freeze milk in standard amounts (for me, 4 ounces).  And you're not always going to pump exactly 4 ounces.  So I would usually end up pumping into bottles anyway and then adding to pouches to get to the four ounce mark.-Even when I was pumping directly into the pouches, it didn't significantly cut down on stuff I had to wash.  I would use the adapter to pump into the pouch on one side, then pump into a bottle on the other side and combine the two at the end.  So I still had to wash a bottle and the adapter.  It would've been just as easy to wash two bottles.-There is nothing super amazing about these nipples.  For some reason when I was pregnant, I bought into this system without researching many others and was convinced that these, and only these, nipples would help keep my baby all set for breastfeeding.  She did fine with them, but she's also done fine with several other kinds of nipples.Other issues:-The pouches are expensive, and you will go through a lot of them.  My baby takes four bottles a day at daycare, so if she went full-time that would be 20 pounches a week.-The nipples openings are really prone to splitting/getting bigger, and it's not necessarily obvious when they do (until you see the baby choking on too much milk coming out)-The nipples can't be used with any other type of bottle, you HAVE to use them with the pouches.  This quickly becomes a pain if you have to supplement for any reason.Things I do actually like:-The pouches are nice.  I still use them to freeze milk, but I don't pump directly into them.-The freezer rack works well and helps keep the pouches organized.