I do not recommend this carrier for human babies! There are quality issues and it does not comply with federal laws.I purchased this item from Hunnt® (US Seller). I purchased both their red and blue carriers from different listings, this review is for their blue carrier.Although it is listed on Amazon as being "Hunnt", the carrier has no branding whatsoever. A quick search of Chinese wholesale websites reveals the source of this carrier. This is not a product being produced by an American babywearing company, this is being mass produced in China where they have different regulations for baby carriers and is being exported here without being brought to compliance with US regulations.I have several baby carriers of this type from US companies, including an Ergo, a Beco Butterfly II, and a Boba. The Hunnt baby carrier is much flimsier than the legit carriers.The padding in the waist of the Hunnt is much, much thinner. The buckle at the waist of the Hunnt is a thinner type of plastic. PLEASE read other reviews for this product (not just on this listing, but other listings with the same picture as well) to see the problems that parents have had with this buckle. The material that holds the buckles are sewn into is a sturdy, almost canvas-like material on the Ergo. On the Hunnt it is a much thinner twill-like material. The shoulder padding is thinner on the Hunnt as well.The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) has three major requirements for baby carriers:- A product registration card (so parents can be notified in the event of a recall)- A permanently affixed tracking label that includes a variety of information- The manufacturer (or importer if the product was manufactured outside the US) must have a Children's Product Certificate (CPC) which provides evidence of the product’s compliance with all regulations, including any lead and phthalate testing if they apply to that product.This baby carrier did not include a product registration card. It also did not include any kind of tracking label, not even a brand label. It also did not include any sort of instructions or safety warnings.Amazon gave me the email address for the seller. I contacted them and asked if they had a Children's Product Certificate for this product. Hunnt® (US Seller) did not respond to my request. There is no way of knowing if lead testing, etc, was done for this product without that certificate.This product does not comply with federal laws that were put in place for the safety of our children.