Update 4/4/15: I replaced this stroller with a much more compact folding lighter GB Zuzu stroller that is also compatible with Graco Click Connect infant car seat. I took the zuzu shopping at the same stores I did with the fast action and guess what? The rear wheel didn't hook on to anything, not even once. It requires me to use both hands to open and close it, but because it's not as bulky, I actually find it easier. I can easily pick it up and put it in the trunk of my coupe, and it only takes up less than 1/4 of the space. Not missing the Graco fast action sport stroller at all, and I've already placed an ad to sell it.Original review:I've taken this out only twice so far and I'm already sorry I purchased this. But i will concede that I bought it because the price dropped epically and I was looking for an everyday stroller that would grow with my newborn- so for  the $$ I was probably expecting more than I should've. The first thing I noticed during assembly was the knobs that connect the back wheels are longer than the instruction manual illustrates them. I briefly thought they sent the incorrect parts, but the axle for the rear wheels fit the knobs so I assume it was a design modification (which they didn't bother reflecting in the manual) to make the stroller more stable since the wheels would extend out more. The problem with the wheels jutting out so much more than the rest of the stroller though is that I'm constantly miscalculating the distance of the stroller from tight corners and aisle shelves in stores. The wheels are constantly catching on clothing racks, corner of shelving, getting stuck between narrow display tables, and hitting the walls when I turn a corner bc I forget the wheels stick out way more than what my eye percieves. Basically I feel like I'm pushing a monster truck in a fine china shop. I also have the Graco jogger and even that stroller with its massive length and height is more narrow than this one.Another gripe I have with this stroller is its difficult to stand it up when it's closed and to keep it closed, which sort of defeats the efficiency of the one-handed closing function if you just have to take the extra time to pick it up bc it's fallen over or won't stay closed. A definite pain in the butt when I'm on my own, the baby is crying, and someone is waiting on my parking spot. In addition to that, I find the stroller unwieldy and heavy for me to handle when placing it into the trunk of my Honda Accord coupe. I'm only 5'2" and weak as a pudding (with mild tendinitis in both wrists) and the trunk opening is narrow. As such, this stroller is not ideal for my physical capabilities or car. It would help if the stroller had a latch to keep it from opening when I'm struggling to cram it into the trunk. These might not be issues for you if you're taller, or in better shape and drove a different car. Although my husband who is 5'10" also had difficulty getting the stroller into the trunk of the Accord coupe (yes- we need a family friendly car badly!).Both my husband and I also find opening the stroller one-handed something that may take a bit of practice. We definitely looked like newbie parents while we were struggling to get this dang stroller open in the parking lot!The storage compartment on the bottom good sized but I still had trouble getting my diaper bag into it and my diaper bag is not large.  It is easier just to hang it from the handle.What I do like about the stroller-  jutting wheels aside- it handles very smoothly and is easy to push and maneuver (when it's not getting its rear wheels caught on clothing racks).