There are a lot of things to love about this stroller. For me, the best thing is that it's one of the few strollers designed for tall people. The handle extends to a reasonable length for a 6'4" person. There is no through-axle, but instead an arch that gives plenty of space for your feet when walking. On other strollers I'd end up kicking the stroller when walking.Another major point in favor of the Vista is that it allows for the baby to be rear-facing, even in the seat. This way you can talk to the little guy or girl while walking with them, and apparently research has shown this interaction to be important. I'm not sure it will ever make a difference in their development, in all honesty, but it's just really nice to be able to see and interact your kid while you're walking with them.Unfortunately, there is one major design flaw in this stroller that causes me to knock off a couple stars: the front "suspension" is terribly designed. The spring is far too heavy, and it takes me putting my (considerable) weight on the stroller to even begin to compress the front springs. Given that the wheels are made of very hard foam, the result is that the ride is extremely harsh when the stroller is in rear-facing mode such that the baby's weight (not to mention head) is over the front wheels. This isn't a big deal on smooth surfaces, but my poor kid gets bounced around quite a bit on the brick sidewalks where we live. So much so that he was grabbing the sides of the stroller. It's so bad that I have to avoid certain streets where we live. I certainly expected better engineering from such an expensive stroller.Another design desision which I question is the fact that even at the most upright setting, the baby is declined at a 45 degree angle, making it hard for him/her to see out.Another reason I can't give this a better rating is that the construction is a rather low-quality in areas. For example, both our wheels wobble. In fact, the fit and finish on most of the stroller is a lacking, with rivets and attachments loose and a lot of play in everything. For example, the seat frame is in two halves, with the two aluminum parts attached to a plastic center bracket with cheap rivets. Those have come loose, and now the seat is starting to "recline" a bit on its own. All in all, a very disappointing experience to have with a stroller that cost this much. My personal guess is that when you buy this stroller, most of your money is going into paying Massachusetts taxes, as this company made the poor decision to base themselves in one of the most expensive states in the country in which to do business. (I know, I live here, too, unfortunately.)UPDATE: After six months of use, the stroller continues to fall apart. The wheels have developed flat spots (so much for foam being more robust), and are getting more wobbly. The frame is becoming somewhat loose. Nothing that affects safety, I don't believe, but it's very frustrating to pay this much for a product so cheaply made. This is a lot of expensive aluminum held together with very cheap plastic. Our baby seems to be mostly happy with the stroller, but often strains to try to see out given the recline of the seat. Had we to do this over again, we'd go with another brand, probably the Bugaboo.FINAL UPDATE: I've noticed that most of the reviews here, especially the glowing ones, are from parents who don't even mention how their baby reacts to the stroller. Some haven't even had their kid yet! It's all about them; they love the cupholder, or the look, or the convience of the folding. Folks, the stroller is for the kid, not you. It's great that you like it, and important as well, but the most important thing is that it works for your child. Please consider things like how it rides and the seating position, while you're also worrying about the cupholders and color.OK REALLY FINAL UPDATE: More stuff continues to fall off. At this point, and to their credit, Uppababy has had to send us pretty much a new stroller part-by-part. The only thing that is original is the frame by now. We're worried about what will happen when this thing is out of warrantee. I will also amend my review by pointing out that the newer models (2010 and later, I believe) have a wider range of seating positions, which allows for a more upright angle for the kid. So, the only real negative remaining from my original review is that the suspension in the front is still completely pointless, and the build quality is still terrible. I'm guessing Uppababy will develop into one of the best stroller manufacturers with time, as they figure out how to build things correctly, because their design is quite nice. But I think they are still working out the kinks in their manufacturing and engineering.