My baby is 4.5 months old.  And she LOVES to jump, so I thought that it was very important that I get something that will help her jump on her own so that I can get some work done.  I can't spend 24/7 with her and holding her (like she wants me to).  I did A LOT of research before I even considered getting this product.  This is what my research have concluded.  My research included reading hundreds of different forum posts, reviews online, university research, and even the journals of pediatrics.IS IT SAFE FOR A 4 MONTH OLD TO USE THESE JUMPERS AND EXERSAUCERS?All of the research that I have done all said that it was ok for a 4 month old to use these jumpers and exersaucers (even when they cannot sit up on their own).  As long as their head is strong enough and they can hold their head up on their own, then it is ok for you to put your baby in these.DOES USING THESE JUMPERS AND EXERSAUCERS HINDER DEVELOPMENT?All of the research that I have read on, said that for babies that uses these and babies that do not use these, their developments in regards to learning how to walk, crawl, motor skills did not change from the babies that used these jumpers and from babies that did not use these jumpers.  So no difference in development was shown.  So this also means that babies did not show any development improvements from using these either.I added the information above because I had the same concerns before I purchased these jumpers and so I hope that my findings will help you make your purchasing decisions.Ok, now back to the product review.PROS:  This jumper is MUCH CHEAPER in price than any other jumpers that I was able to find out there.  This jumper is only $39.99, and most other ones at the store is $79 and more.So for the price it is very good.  There are multiple levels that you can adjust the height of the product so that this can grow with your baby.  Lots of toys to keep your baby busy.  The seat cover can be taken out to be washed.CONS:  This item is not very bouncy.  I originally wanted it because I needed something bouncy for my baby.  So the seat does not bounce at all.  It does swivel 360* degrees though, but so does all of the brands that I have seen (Fisher price and Baby Einstein).  Fisher Price and Baby Einstein have better jumpers (called jumperoo).  The Bright Starts Bounce Bounce Baby Activity Zone, only the bottom base part moves like a trampoline but not a very good one.  My baby wants to be able to jump her whole body, not just push the base (where her feet is) up and down.  Toys on this jumper are not electronic, none of it play songs and does not light up, so my baby got bored really quick.So this item went back.Baby Einstein jumper is better than this Bright Start one but the seat for the baby is really loose.  So I don't feel that it is safe for my baby to sit in it.It is more jumpy and bouncy (like a bungee jumping ropes).  It has a lot of toys to keep baby busy.  But none of the toys are electronic, none of it play songs and does not light up.  So for $79, I expected more bells and whistles.  I'm not paying almost 2x more for bungee ropes.I ended up getting a Fisher Price (Jumperoo) instead.  They have 3 different themes (jungle, ocean, and discovery).  I got the discovery one.  All of the other ones are very similar, just with different themes fabrics, colors, and animals.Why Fisher Price?Same price as the Baby Einstein at $79.  Lots of toys to keep baby busy.  But the Fisher Price Discovery Jumperoo there is 1 toy station that lights up and sing songs :)  Yeah!!!  My baby loves the music and the lights.  On the Discovery one it is a piano, and she loves musical instruments.  The seat on this one moves at 360* around so that baby can enjoy all of the toy stations.  Same bungee jumping cable like action like Baby Einstein.  Seat cover can be taken out and washed.  3 height level adjustments to grow with baby.So I ended up getting the Fisher Price Discovery Jumperoo and keeping it.Baby loves this jumperoo so  far.I forgot to add that with all baby products and toys, it is NOT recommended that you leave your baby sitting in these things for prolong periods of time.  You should only leave your baby in these for 20 minutes at a time.  And you can have them play in these multiple times a day, but don't just leave your baby in these for hours.  And you should always be there or nearby to keep an eye on your baby while they are in these.  Don't leave your baby unattended.I also forgot to note that since my baby is still small and her legs are short, even on the lowest setting for the bungee ropes, her legs are too short, I just put a foam pillow underneath her feet.  Foam pillows are better than a regular pillow because they are much more dense in mass, and won't sink your child's feet into it.  So it gives them a good ground to launch their jumps.  And foam pillows are also soft enough for them to be comfortable.  I have one of those memory foam pillows and it works great.Added:  My daughter ended up not needing the pillow after about 2-3 months of use because she eventually grew and her legs got longer.She ended up using this item until she was 17-18 months old.  We put it away now because she is 21 months old and she can walk very good on her own now and won't stay put in it.I hope all of these info helps.