I have to admit that for me having a co-sleeper is a necessity, especially for breastfeeding mums as it really does make your life that much easier during those first 4 months or so. My son was born in the 97th percentile for both weight and height, and we used this until he was 5 months old. Did he fit comfortably by the time he was 5 months old? No way!... But we were in the middle of moving from CA to NY and kept traveling from one coast to the other... So I bought it because it is meant to be portable and also because you can convert it to a playard. Not so... Let me tell you, we took this bassinet with us on several trips and no matter how many times we used it there was not ONE time that we felt was easy to assemble this or dissamble it. I found myself planning our arrival and departure times in a way that we would have time to deal with taking this bassinet in and out of its bag. Furthermore, in one of the trips we lost one of the hanger bars and believe me, CUstomer Service at Arms Reach was BAD. Bad to the point that I could never really get in touch with them and ended up buying a Baby Bjorn travel crib to solve my problem quickly. And that's when I realized how expensive this thing is for what it caims to do. And also considering that you will need a second set of sheets and (like me) the extension leg kit... Oh well, it gets very expensive.Fast-forward a year and a half, I'm expecting baby # 2 and would like to finally get the replacement hanger bar kit. Guess what, the website shows that it is out of stock... And guess what, my several attempts to get in touch with Arms Reach Customer Service (phone, email, you name it) were (once again!) unsuccessful. I would give this 2 stars because of its price, lack of portability and because making you pay extra for the convertible aspect is not fair play (it's a mini bassinet that is attached to your mattress! - shame on me for not being smart enough to realize that in advance), and also because of customer seevice (terrible!). The reason why I give it 3 stars is because as far as co-sleepers go, I think this is one of the best options out there.