My baby used the bassinet from 7 days old at 19" and 8 lbs to 5 weeks, at nights ONLY. At 5 weeks, she was 9.5 lbs. This light use was enough for the board underneath the mattress to cave in the middle, creating a curved surface that is not comfortable for baby. I read something like this in someone else's reviews either here or on babies r us, and chose to ignore it... well, it's true! I am contacting the manufacturer because I was hoping to use this thing for the next baby too. Also the particle board that forms the base of the mattress smells horribly and it takes a week for it to air out when brand new. It smells toxic, in my opinion - like sawdust and glue. To make do until we could use our crib exclusively, we had to put the mattress from our Moses basket underneath as padding. There are 2 metal bars between the mattress and the particle board base, and they are right where you'd want the baby's head to be. My baby just couldn't get comfortable a lot of the time.The sheet that the mattress comes from is a very scratchy, very thin.Mobile: The toys are very light in color, and newborns can only see high-contrast, black and white items, so the toys are a waste for a newborn. However, the mobile, aside from the toys, is decent. I added my own toys, and have now moved it from the bassinet to the standard crib, and it indeed fits our big wooden crib no problem. The vibrations are soothing EXCEPT right at the start-up - it's jolting and the baby always startles when you first turn it on. When the vibrations stop, they fade out nicely - why couldn't they do that for the start also?  However the songs, in my opinion, are not good bedtime songs - they are fragments of one of the popular baby sleep CD songs, but are faster tempo and are just the first verse of each, so it's not very soothing because it switches too much, in my opinion.The few good things about this is that it does look nice, the rocking is soothing, and is fairly easy to assemble. However, because it does rock, you have to be careful when you put baby in, you can startle the baby (and this would be true with any rocking device) if the device rocks.