My advice on the Bright Starts Sugar Blossom Melodies Bouncer is to not waste your time or money. Yes, it is affordable, but in this case you are getting less than what you paid for. It is cheaper than cheap. You are better are spending a few extra bucks and purchasing a bouncer of better quality. I suggest Fischer Price bouncers.I purchased the Bright Starts Sugar Blossom Melodies Bouncer for my (currently 3 month old) niece. I babysit her once a week and her parents are always lugging their Fischer Price bouncer over, so I thought it would be more convenient to purchase my own. I found the Bright Starts Sugar Blossom Melodies Bouncer on Amazon, and thought I had hit a gold mine. It is super affordable, looks adorable, and the overall star rating was decent. I unfortunately, didn't take the time to read the reviews and instantly regretted it when the Bright Starts Bouncer was delivered.My only pluses/pros for the Bright Starts Sugar Blossom Melodies Bouncers is that it is extremely affordable, easy to assemble, and the hanging toys are adorable. Let me start by saying that I wasn't expecting to have to assemble it quite so much. Every aspect of this bouncer needed to be assembled. The assembly and instructions were easy and it was relatively quick to assemble. This product also takes three "C" batteries, which are not included (of course). On the other hand, this product unfortunately is an epic fail in every way.My first problem with this product is the pad in which the baby lays. Once I attached it to frame and secured it in the back, it was so extremely tight that I could have bounced a quarter off of it. I was actually afraid it was going to rip when attaching it, or when I put my niece in it and it got stretched by her weight. There is not an indentation for where the baby lies, as it appears in the picture. I figured it is possible that this might stretch after some use, but I am not sure with any amount of washing if the pad would continue to fit with time. It barely fit at first assemble. More importantly, I was afraid for the safety of my niece with how taunt the pad is and the extreme angle of the chair. I was afraid she would have slid down, or get an extreme wedgie, and even more so that with any movement she might fall forward (like when she starts to "try" to lift her head).My second issue with this product, one in which I never saw mentioned in any other reviews in the sound of the vibrations. The chair has one level of vibrations and two levels of music, a softer level and a louder level. Unfortunately, even at the loudest music level, I could barely here the music when the vibrate setting was on. The vibration was SO LOUD. I could literally hear whatever was oscillating inside the plastic box to make the chair vibrate. Some babies may find the sound soothing, I certainly didn't want to listen to it though. It was LOUD, and it seemed to defeat the purpose of having music. I mean if you can't hear it over the vibration, then why have it?Lastly, I had issue with the toy bar. The toy bar location is not adjustable. This would be fine, except that since the pad is so tight/taunt and the chair angle so extreme it literally makes the bar inches away from the babies face. It was just too close for comfort.In the end, I returned this product. I didn't see the Bright Starts Sugar Blossom Melodies Bouncer lasting the few months that my niece would be using it. I was more so worried about her safety in using. And despite being affordable, it wasn't even worth that. I certainly wouldn't recommend this product even for the price. I suggest spending a few extra bucks and get something safe, durable, quiet, and fun for the child.