We are expecting twins in 2 months or so and I have been on the quest for the perfect stroller.  Truthfully while there are a lot of TANDEM strollers out there there aren't a lot of TWIN strollers.  One kid almost always gets shafted and they work best for an older and younger kid, not twins.With the two Graco tandems, the kid in front can't recline all the way - not good for two kids the same age who will both be in the "napping in the stroller" phase at the same time.  You're forced to use the buckets with these early on and I don't want to have to use a bucket to put an infant in the stroller.  I hate the snack tray on the front of the glider (has to be popped off, not swung open) and I hate how the back kid in the Quattro seems squished and fenced in.Lack of recline for front kid carries on across many brands of tandems.  Combi, Safety 1st, PP Tender, etc.The Kolcraft Contours approximates perfection...  seats are equal, kids can recline (so suitable for newborns)...  main problem is seats are SMALL and I see the stroller outgrown at 2 - 2 1/2 which is TOO SOON in my opinion.  (My son is 4 and still rides in his Quattro single from time to time)Really for good, equal, twin worthy tandems, there are two options - PP Duette or Inglesina Domino.  Both pricey - and I can't find an Inglesina in person anyway which makes me scared to order one.I saw the new Duette in a store and it was ...  all right. It has some great features - the seats will hold an older/larger child.  The seats can be moved about to face mom, face forward, face each other, face away.  BOTH seats recline flat (or near enough that it's not worth quibbling!)  Sun shades are good!  Seats are EXACTLY the same!  Biggest drawbacks are price (high!) and the steering wheel (anyone else worry it is one more thing to break??  And what will THAT cost you??)  It's also HUGE and kind of annoying to fold - seats must be removed - but that's worth it IMO for the price of equal seats. (And removing the seats is EASY, just an extra step)We ruled it out, though...  for now.Recently I discovered the world of the used Duette...  and I just bought one from 2002.  They did NOT have the steering wheels then which makes it seem so much less cumbersome.  But all other features are there - great seats, canopies, etc.  Wheels are smaller but still handle well.  My 4 year old can sit in it quite happily - and he can climb in and out himself which I am not sure would hold true for the Inglesina (seems taller).  And the price...  one-fifty.  It fits behind the back row of our Toyota Sienna so it's not too huge.I am quite happy with this purchase for that price - and trust me, I am a die-hard Peg Perego hater so that means something.  But the Duette is a winner for twins IMO.  Can be used from birth till 4.  No one gets shafted.  Can't beat that.  My one real complaint is the basket is huge but not very accessable - you have to really shove things under seats and/or take seats out to put things in.  It would be nice if it could fold without removing seats, but again, at the used price - happy to deal with this.I'd give the old models 4-5 stars and the new ones maybe 3.  They are just too much money and I don't trust that steering wheel!  But the old model is awesome.  Look for one!