I previously used the Levana Astra for my first child and the Keera is already living up to my standards.  We use one monitor in the playroom and the other in her bedroom.  We love how easily we can go between both monitors.  The tilt and pan options on this monitor are easy to use and cover almost all of my child's room once we mounted it on the wall.  The battery life of the receiver lives up to my standards.  We unplug the monitor at 7 a.m. and don't plug it back in until 10 p.m. The monitor is on for about 12 hours a day and it hasn't run out of battery power yet.Pros:- Pan and Tilt features- Clear picture (even with night vision)- Ability to zoom in on the picture to see more details- Color changing ring to tell me if my child is just talking or if they are crying/screaming- 2 way talking so that I can speak to my child without having to go into the room- Easy to install cameras in rooms (we used command strip hooks on the walls)Cons:- battery life on the monitor is good only if it is in Peep mode- Microwave will cause interference (but that'll happen with almost any monitor)- Cord is not long enough for the monitors if you are installing in the top corner of a room (we needed about 3 feet of extension cord to get to the closet outlet)- White noise machine will cause the light on the monitor to change from blue to green repeatedly, but we have our machine closer to the monitor.  (I will move machine and see if that helps and update later)Follow-up:After using the monitor for a few weeks, we are returning it.  When compared to the Levana Astra, the Keera does not meet our standards.  The receiver now will only hold a 3-hour charge unless it is in 'Peep Mode' where the screen turns off until there is noise in the room.  This mode doesn't work for our child because we have loud white noise in the room and she doesn't make a lot of noise when she wakes up from naps.  Also, the video quality is jumpy-at-best.  We have a lot of lag with this monitor that we didn't have with the old monitor.  If you loose signal the only way to know is a little red 'X' by the signal icon at the top left of the screen because it freezes the last image of your child on the screen when signal is lost.  We find that we cannot get a signal in the house unless the antenna is up, which was not the case with the Astra.I think the main deal-breaker for us was the touch screen buttons on the interface.  In order to move the camera to see my child in the crib you have to press a button on the interface and then use the analog buttons to move the camera's position.  This is great, except the microphone button is right above the move the camera button.  Fine during the day, but you cannot feel or see the buttons on the black interface at night so I'm constantly having to use my phone to make sure I'm not adding sound to my child's room.  These buttons are also super annoying when you are trying to do things around the house and you are carrying the monitor.  I constantly find that my thumb barely brushing the buttons activates them.We are returing the Keera and getting another Astra with 2 cameras instead.