I just received my Contours Options 3 Wheeler Stroller, so I have not used it much.  Assembly went ok, I had a hard time inserting some of the screws and got the brake assembly on the wrong way the first time due to poorly illustrated instructions, but that was easy to fix.Overall the stroller seems good.  It's sturdy, and has several promising features.  The push-bar is very tall, so my husband won't feel hunched over.  The canopy can be height-adjusted for better sun control.  The foot rest can be raised or lowered for increased comfort.  The basket is large.  It steers easily, and though heavy, is easy to push.  The harness system is easy to use.  The brake seems strong, and is easy to use.However.  The key feature that prompted me to buy this stroller was the promised reversible seat.  My baby is still young, but has outgrown his infant carrier, and I want to be able to push him around [when I'm not "wearing" him] rear-facing so that he can still see me.  The seat IS reversible, and is fairly easy to do:  push the buttons on either side of the seat, lift it off the posts, turn it around, reinstall it on the posts, and slide it down until the buttons click into place.  In the rear-facing position the foot rest interferes slightly with the basket if it is in the "legs dangling" position.  But the biggest problem with the reversible seat is that the stroller cannot be collapsed when the seat is rear-facing.  Yup, you read that right.  If you plan to use this stroller as a rear-facing stroller, be prepared to either turn the seat around every time you want to collapse it [for example, every time you want to put it in the trunk of your car], or to store the seat separately.  In my opinion this is a huge design flaw.Other negatives to consider:The rear wheels are WIDE.  I have a hard time negotiating in some stores with my carseat frame stroller.  I'm worried about how these huge wide-spaced rear wheels are going to handle Target.Even collapsed this stroller is long.  I imagine it won't fit in all car trunks.The seat does not truly recline.  Baby's body is not going to straighten out.  Instead the entire seat tilts back, maintaining the 90 degree bend at the hips.  As I mentioned above, the foot rest can be straightened out to allow the legs to be straight rather than dangling at the knees, but there is no way for baby to be truly lying flat.