The Twin Z takes up so much room on my bed or couch. It's also pretty pricey.There are basically 3 ways to use the Twin Z according to the directions that came in it; and I had issues with all of the positions. My babies were premature (6lbs), so when we took them home they were too small to sit or lie in it comfortably, and we had to use blankets to position them right. This didn't last for more than a few minutes because they would slide down. So it was a disaster for tandem bottle feeding. Once they got bigger, we could place them in and bottle feed sitting across from them, but eventually they would still slide down. Naps didn't work either because they would wake up when they slid into the hole. Something about the design or material makes them slid down easily so you are constantly readjusting and pulling them back up.If you are nursing your twins, this may be helpful---- only if they can hold their head up, or you have an extra pair of hands. I could never get the hang of tandem breast feeding with the TwinZ; the position was always wrong with one baby, I couldn't use my hands to massage my boobs or adjust anything, and my babies would get stuck in the crevice between the pillow and my body. Not hands free at all! In fact, using the pillow was HARDER than just doing it without.For tummy time it was okay at first, until the middle part got squished in after using for 2 weeks. It never bounced back to its original form. The pillow filling is not firm. That didn't happen with the boppy replacement that I got.I like that it came with its own slipcover. Love the quality and color of the slipcover. I like the idea of the twin Z pillow but unless you have perfect babies that don't move, it's hard to get them in the right spot. I saw a YouTube video of a lady with twins and she had 2 Boppys and it was so great. It did everything the Twin Z was supposed to do. I didn't want to throw away my investment so I just bought 1 boppy and we rotate between that and some other baby equipment (they have so much stuff!)Hope this helps you some. I defintely wish I had read a review like this before blowing three figures on the TwinZ when I could have gotten 2 Boppys for a fraction of the price.