The Graco Humidifier filters as advertised by the Buy-It-Now-Store indicated they were for the Graco 4 gallon Humidifier.  The humidifier filters that I received were packaged as Hamilton Beach for a Hamilton Beach (HB) Humidifier.  As I later learned, the picture that the Seller shows herein is even a picture of a Hamilton Beach Blue Filter which is supposed to be a higher grade filter than the "Standard" HB Filter and is a few cents more than the Graco Filter - but this it is not a Graco Filter.  When I contacted the Seller for a Return Authorization, they responded with an authorization for the filters and a "NON-Pre-Paid" shipping label with the instructions that I had to pay the postage for the return.  Since when do I have to pay postage for an error on their part??  After some back and forth correspondence, they agreed that they would reimburse me for the postage I would have to pay, but they would only refund me a $12.00 partial refund on my total purchase of $46.38.  After a couple of hours searching around the internet, I learned that the 4 gallon Graco model humidifier that I have is no longer produced and it seems that Graco is also no longer producing the filters either.  In addition, I did also find on the internet that the Graco filter and HB Filters are interchangeable in addition to another brand but I don't know if this Store even knows that.  It would behoove the Seller to advertise the filters he is offering as an HB filter (not a Graco Filter) but also add a note citing that they are physically interchangeable with the Graco filters. Although, the HB filters appears to be of a lesser quality in construction and materials, for now I intend to keep the filters received and use them as I do not want to lose the $34.38 difference between the refund and the initial cost - and they are usable.  However, my lesson learned, dealing with a the "Real" Amazon has always worked fine for me with no problems, but this is the last time I will buy from one of the posted "Buy-It-Now-Stores" as they don't seem to stand behind their products.  I may come back at a later date to review this Hamilton Beach Filter with use in the Graco 4 Gallon Humidifier.