It'd give this one star, if it wasn't so darn cute and soft. I bought this for my two year old to wear the first time we traveled by train together. She absolutely adored it! The backpack is roomy, the fabric extremely soft and pretty durable, the zipper worked well and stayed closed. The cute "baby carrier" on the back was well done, and the velcro seemed like the good stuff that would last a while. The dog is super cute, and well made - we gave it to her younger cousin, who still plays with it months later, and replaced it with a Disney Princess baby doll, which fit perfectly. At first, my only complaint about this backpack harness was that the leash (which is a good length, and made out of the same super soft material) attaches underneath the backpack, meaning that when you (the adult) are holding it, you have to be careful that you don't pull at all or it makes the backpack ride up into the back of your kid's head. Since she walks well with me, it wasn't too much of a problem, but it wasn't ideal. The reason I'm giving this such a poor score is that less than 2 hours into our 14 hour train adventure, the straps (made from some sort of woven acrylic strapping, with good quality plastic hardware) began to unravel at the shoulder where it was sewn into the body of the backpack. By 4 hours in, it had become completely detached, rendering the backpack totally unwearable - and my two year old inconsolable in the middle of the Chicago Amtak station while trying to board a train. I have a back injury, so to my utter delight, in order to catch our train I had to tie the backpack to my wheeled carry on suitcase, and carry my screaming, sobbing toddler over my shoulder like a sack of grain, and run to board in time - and then try to stuff her toys and books and baby doll into already full bags, for the rest of the trip. In other words, not only was the defect with the shoulder strap a stupid and completely bizarre occurrence (especially since the fabric was fine - it was the webbing that unraveled), it caused my child a lot of distress, and me a lot of aggravation and pain. So I can't recommend this backpack. Not unless you order it way in advance of any travel, and test the crap out of it so you can replace it in time if it falls apart.