I really wanted to like this product.  I have twins and thought that two high chairs would be too crowded, so wanted this space saving chair.  However, I found that the cons are out-weighing the pros.  I have used this chair for 6 months, and now that my babies are more mobile, this chair has become a problem for me.Pros:-Low-profile-Washable (needs frequent washing, though)-Seems to attach securely to table.Cons:-Sits my small one-year olds too far back, leaving a large gap between them and the table.  This leads to many more issues...(1) food spills in lap and seat more (2) Baby struggles to get closer, pressing up her tummy against the belt (3) Baby has lots of leg room while sitting, and can easily maneuver legs into the seat, put feet down on the seat, and push herself up out of the belt and into a standing position, even with a tight belt!!!!  Yikes!  This may be less of an issue for bigger babies.-I found that the belt had to be super tight for my baby to not get out.  So tight, that I thought her tummy would hurt.-Finger food gets stuck between the seam of the seat bottom and sides.  I try to wipe it out with a cloth, but it takes a while to get all the little pieces out.  Baby fingers are good at getting the pieces out, so I would often find my child picking up old bits of cheese and avocado that I missed and trying to eat it.-While it is washable, I find that I wanted to wash it every couple days.  This is a bit too much work for me. You need to line dry it, so that means either it is out of commission for a day, or you need to wash it before bed and dry overnight.  This means having to assemble it in the morning, when everyone is rushing to eat breakfast and get out the door. I also worry that with such frequent washing will weaken the fabric, making the chair less secure.  I haven't seen this yet, but I worry about it.-You are limited to where you can attach the chairs to the table.  They cannot go on leaves or near table legs.  So, I had to put the twins right next to each other at a table end.  This results in them grabbing each other and stealing each other's food while eating.I can see this being a good chair for travel under a very watchful eye, but I would not recommend it for everyday use.