This is a very cute product. I went ahead an ordered it for my 4 1/2 month old son despite mixed reviews. Being a prime member I knew I could always return it. Being a car family, it really seems to be us and the over cost of the product isn't bad.My opinion, it's good but I am sure there are better ones out there and they could have put a little better thinking into the auditory functions of this item. The music, yeah, there are only two songs that it plays. It doesn't really bother me though as he seems to like it and it makes if more fun for him at this age that he can reach them easily. Lets face it, if you have any other toys that make noise, you are already singing the tunes without thinking while doing the dishes, not a big deal. The issue I have with the design is that the volume is too loud and they should have seriously designed it with an on/off switch along with a low and high volume option.I do see how the spring apparatus could get on some peoples nerves. If you can deal with the thought of listening to bed spring noise (like two people in a bed noise, sorry but that is what it sounds like and the easiest way I can relate you what it sounds like) then it isn't that bad.True, not easy to get the child in and out of. Does it bother me? No not really, not enough to be a factor.One thing that I didn't read, or find in the reviews that I had wondered about and want to pass on to you is that the clamp is a secure one and doesn't damage the walls or door frame. It is scissor like, so the more weight that goes on to it the tighter it clamps.I won't be returning it. He is only in it right now for a period of 10-15 minutes maximum a day as our chiropractor says that children that can not sit up by themselves unsupported could develop scoliosis if left in longer than that (same for those sit up activity centers. Just a personal FYI).UPDATE: My son is 6 1/2 months and my opinion has changed. My son loves bouncing, he throws him self up and down on our lap but the car bouncer just doesn't seem to move that well.  The straps, which hold the car to the spring slip in the area where they are gathered together, so sometimes he leans a little to much to the side, back or front. While the songs don't bother me still, it is way too loud and I don't like him being constantly inundated with that much noise as his arms do hit the buttons constantly as the other reviews have pointed out. Again, it's the volumn that bothers me and not the music. It is now much harder to get him in and out of, I almost dropped him trying to get him out of it.  The clamp is still great and it's cute as anything, but it just doesn't bounce well. I wish I could return it. I probably could of if I kept the box, but oh well. I am sure I can sell it on Craig's list.  For whatever it's worth, we did get the car activity center, which must be the same company but different name and that rocks. I originally gave this product three stars, I lowered it to two. I probably should have gave it a one, but maybe it will work better for someone else.