When I bought this mattress, I was new to the whole "non-toxic" scene and I believed the Nook Sleep Pebble Lite was as good as it got when it came to a non-toxic crib mattress. Otherwise I wouldn't have purchased it! But I've learned better since then and sincerely regret my decision to buy this mattress. I'll state right away that it is EXTREMELY comfortable and adorable. No issue there! But that's not why I bought it.First of all, CertiPUR-US foam is simply polyurethane foam that's supposed to be "better" than standard polyurethane foam. But is it really? Maybe a little (and that's debatable) but in the end it's still a highly flammable byproduct of crude oil. Additionally, the CentiPUR-US certification comes from the polyurethane foam industry itself so it's not exactly unbiased! It's like they realized people were trying to choose healthier products and tried to jump on board the train by inventing some random certification.Additionally, I had the foam from my 2013 Pebble Lite mattress tested for flame retardants at Duke University and it came back as containing TBPP. When I contacted Nook about this, their response was that "All man-made foams have that present in them." Okay, fine... but should a product being marketed as non-toxic test positive for a chemical flame retardant found in conventional products??? It's irritating that you practically have to have a degree in all things non-toxic to find TRULY safe products!This product also contains a lot of plastic. So if you're trying to stick to "natural" materials, keep looking.As I said in the beginning of my review, I won't deny that this is a sturdy, good looking, and comfortable mattress. But that's not why I bought it! In the end, it was an expensive mattress (there are PLENTY of other mattresses at a similar price point that would have been better non-toxic options) that I honestly don't think is that much healthier than a conventional mattress. I'm disappointed for sure and I hope I can help others passionate about non-toxic products avoid making the same bad decision that I made!