I vaguely remember reading reviews for this product when I registered for it. In my pregnancy induced happy haze, I disregarded people's complaints about some of the item in the kit. I should have listened, so I ask you listen now. You are much better off buying items that you will need separately. It seemed like a good idea to just get this kit and cover all my bases. I'd never had a baby before, I figured that someone had figured out what I needed for me and put it in this kit. This is partially true.In the first few months, you will need a digital thermometer, a bulb syringe/aspirator, nail clippers or file, and hair brush or comb. These are the things from the kit that I have used so far- my daughter is 9 months old. So, out of 17 items, I've used 5 or 6. The other 11-12 have not been touched.Of the items, I've used, I didn't like most of them. The bulb syringe is impossible to squeeze and offers no suction- useless. The thermometer seems to take forever to take a reading, which is no good with a squirmy baby. The nail clipper have been okay, I still use it, but I bet there are better ones you can buy separately- I've been meaning to get some. I had to remove the plastic cover from the clippers in order to see baby's nails better- the first time I used them I cut my daughter's finger because I couldn't see them well.I like the brush and comb. But I would like any brush and comb, I'm sure.I've ended up buying a new thermometer (that I love) and a new aspirator (that I also love). Yes, you will probably spend more money buying items separately, but that is because the stuff that comes in this kit is cheaply made. If you are an expectant parent and trying to plan for your first baby, just get a good rectal thermometer (I have a Vicks that I like) some good nail clippers or a tiny nail file,  and maybe a little brush for baby's hair. The hospital will give you a good bulb syringe when you deliver. That is all you will need the first few weeks, and you should have quality products that work well. This kit will most likely disappoint.