I love the concept of Chewbeads. A cute necklace that I can wear and my son can safely pull and chew on serves a purpose. My 6 month old son seems to enjoy them, when I wear them he does grab at them and put them in his mouth so they are certainly functional, however, there is definitely room for improvement with this product.For starters, the individual "beads" are VERY large. In the picture they look like they are the size of large pearls, at least to me. The actual size of the individual beads is at least the diameter of a nickel, maybe slightly larger. I completely understand the need for this, since if the necklace breaks it would be harder for a baby to swallow or choke on the larger beads, it just makes for a big, chunky necklace as opposed to something that I expected to be a little smaller and sleeker. Not a huge deal though because they are still cute enough, they are just obviously a "teething necklace" and you won't be able to pass them off as a regular piece of jewelry.As another reviewer mentioned, these things smell terrible. They smell like burnt plastic. The first time I wore mine I kept looking around my house for the "burning smell" until I realized it was hanging around my neck. I immediately put them in the dishwasher because I wasn't comfortable with my son chewing on anything that smelled that terrible. After two months and several trips through the dishwasher there is still a distinct smell but it is nowhere near as strong as before. It bothers me less now and it doesn't seem to bother the baby at all, but I don't expect my jewelry to smell like anything, ever. I will say though that while they have a smell they don't have a taste.The material that the Chewbeads are made from is great. It's rubbery and soft enough to be gentle on sensitive gums but firm enough to provide some good teething relief. Being perfectly honest, I've stuck them in my mouth a time or two, just out of boredom and curiosity, and I get why my son likes them. The necklace seems very sturdy and difficult to break, and the string is knotted between each bead which means that if it were to break there is a low likelihood of ALL of the beads sliding off of the string and posing a choking hazard. The necklaces come in several great colors which is fun. I purchased the red Jane necklace myself and was given the white Jane and black Perry as a gift. Between the three necklaces one almost always at least coordinates with whatever I'm wearing.One personal pet peeve about these is that they are made in China. I would feel better about them if they were made elsewhere, but the company appears to regulate their product closely to ensure quality.All in all, Chewbeads do what they say they will do, which is to provide a necklace for Mom to wear and baby to safely chew on and play with, but with significant drawbacks. I will continue to wear the ones I have but will not purchase more. I would not recommend this product as a "must-have" for moms but I think they are still a decent product.