Much worse than anticipated... first, I didn't realize that there would be all these straps that you needed to add to the cart in order to secure a car seat. While that adds 4 extra steps when detaching the car seat - removing 4 straps from the cart and storing these bulky straps on your carry-on or in a storage bag for when you gate-check it - but no product is perfect, so I was willing to deal with it. There are many more issues with the product involving these poorly designed buckles thought. The buckles have recently changed making it impossible to use for a standard convertible car seat. So, to secure a car seat to the cart, you attach straps (provided in the box) to the front and back of the cart. One side of the cart (if you are facing the front of it where a forward-facing toddler's feet would be), you attach a long strap on the front left side and back left side. Next you attach two buckles (on the opposite side), which secure those straps kind of like clicking a seat belt into a buckle. The long straps on one side weave through the car seat, then snap into the buckles on the other side of the cart. While it looks like the buckles are much stronger now (based on an older review's description), they are also now much longer. Even with the shortest strap provided (you get a short, medium and long one in the box), it is still too long to secure a car seat. If you don't use the straps and try to use your LATCH connectors to the loops provided on the base, they are still too long to tighten the LATCH connectors enough to secure the car seat. It is really a horrible design overall as well. The angle of the handle leans very far back too, so there is a massive gap between the car seat and the extension handle. It is also much heavier than I expected and bulkier too. There is no way that you will be able to put this in an overhead bin in your standard 3x3 airplane. If you have, that is the exception. I would be concerned about it surviving a gate check without a padded bag as it is made of plastic. One wrong angle hit and the thing would crack. I also ordered the Lilly Gold Zoomer and it is much better, hands down, compared to this. I tried out two different car seats in each: a Chicco NextFit Zip (large, heavy, bulky) and Graco Contender (light, slimmer design, reccomended for airplane travel) and each were insanely more difficult than necessary to even attempt install, I didn't ever actually install the car seats to the Travelmate Deluxe because of the buckle/strap issue. In reviewing other online forums and old manuals online, I think the issue is the re-design of the buckles which added 3-5 inches of length. The straps can only lock into the buckles where there is this plastic section, which doesn't go far enough on the straps. Even if I were to alter the straps provided, the buckle would end up under the toddlers seat, so the pressure of them sitting on the buck would unlock it or make the ride very uncomfortable. I was really not impressed at all, which was made even worse with the price point of almost $150. A luggage cart and zip ties would have been more effective. The Lilly Gold Zoomer is metal, took it around the block to test drive it up and down bumps, performed great, and was very easy (without extra parts needed) to secure a car seat.