Overall I am very happy with this monitor. For the first two and a half years we used a video monitor for my daughter in the nursery. But when we moved her into her "big girl" room, we wanted something simple and effective. She was not at an age where I was concerned about SIDS and I wasn't obsessively watching the video feed to see if she was breathing. So we left the video monitor in the nursery with our son and got this for her bedroom. I miss not having video, but didn't want to spend 10 times as much on another monitor.It gets the job done. I had purchased cheaper ones in the past and absolutely hated how much static you heard. This one does not have a bit of static, even at the highest volume level. It does cycle on and off at the sound of noise in the bedroom. When she wakes up and is restless, we can hear her. When she calls out or cries, we hear her. That's all I really needed it for. Again, if you had a small baby, I'd suggest the video monitor. But for a toddler who you just wanna hear getting out of bed or calling out for you, it works perfectly. Again, I have to point out the price. How much can you expect out of it? There aren't a lot of features. It turns on/off and has volume control. The sound cycles off when it isn't needed and kicks back on when it detects noise. If it looses signal for some reason, it beeps to let you know it's lost signal. Is this annoying in the middle of the night? Yes, of course it is. But it's honestly only happened once in the middle of the night. So I can't complain. It also only beeps on the parent end, so it's not waking up your child, just you. Our house is split, with our bedroom on the other side of the house from the kids' bedrooms, and we can still hear her fine over the monitor.I liked it enough to buy a second one for my parents' house. They had the super static one I'd purchased cheaply elsewhere and always regretted it. Now they have this one and it's perfect to hear her get up from her nap upstairs while they are babysitting her during the day.Overall, I'd say it's a great, inexpensive alternative to the video monitors. It has all the features that are necessary for our family. I am happy with it so far and would purchase it again (and I have - for my parents).EDIT:So I'm going to take back 2 stars, as this monitor didn't last two years before the units couldn't connect with one another. The Parent monitor blinks for a few seconds when plugged in. Then goes a solid green. The baby unit blinks, long after being plugged in and gives the "I can't transmit to the other unit" beep. For the price, I would have like to have at least gotten my use out of these until both of my kids were a bit older (at least a few more years).