I hate this car seat and so did my son but the worst part is that the lower latch system on my car seat was defective and Britax refused to inform the public.In Oct 2010 a representative from the PA Traffic Injury Prevention Project (TIPP) at the PA Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics inspected my son's car seat and found a defect that had never been reported.  She found that "The lower anchor attachment is backwards on one side and cannot be used correctly to install child seat using lower anchors."  The lower latch system of his Britax Decathlon car seat was defective and would not have performed in an accident.  The lower anchor attacments were not sewn on properly and the belt had to be twisted in order to get the anchors onto the latch system.  I would never have known it was defective if I didn't go to that car seat check and I think may be difficult for other's to recognize such a problem.I informed Britax of the problem and they replaced the latch system but refused to issue a recall or even warn other consumers because they said I was the only one to complain about it.  I was very disappointed and angered by their response and wanted to try to spread the word because I know there have to be other Britax car seats with the same defect given that is a problem that happened in manufacturing.  I have sent multiple letters and phone calls to Britax. They asked for three sets of photos but in the end did not warn consumers.  I did register a complaint with the NHTSA but they say this process can take years.Here is a quote from Britax about their responsibily regarding the car seat."To remedy any twist in your `07 seat we sent you a new LATCH system to replace the one you are having issues with.  Being that your seat is out of warranty we were sending the kit as a good will gesture to you." "We have not had any other complaints of this manner regarding this product.  Being that the product has been in the market for four years then I would assume we would have had other complaints if it affected others. "My contact at Britax was:Rita IsenhowerCunsumer Service ManagerBritax704.409.318013501 South Ridge DriveCharlotte NC 28273US-customerservice@britax.comThe identifiers on the car seat are:Date of Mfg: 04-05-2007Make DecathlonModel E9L 4769Serial Number E9L4769017324Batch Number J00088948Purchased from BabyUniverse.com in May 2007