Update: We've now owned this monitor for two years, use it every day (except when packed up to bring on a trip or during power outages, it hasn't been turned off in those two years).  Bottom line is it's one of the very best baby monitors available, but could easily be twice as good.Pros:- No interference/static/noise- Sensitivity adjustable at each parent unit- Long range- 2-way capableCons:- Max volume on parent units is too low.- Parent unit battery life.- Baby unit doesn't charge rechargeable batteries.We LOVE the monitor for its strong points (first two make it absolutely fantastic) and are glad we bought it.  To emphasize this, lest the negatives that follow be taken too heavily, I would buy the same today and can't recommend any other monitor we've come across (at friends/relatives houses, etc).  However, there is a lot of unrealized potential because of the cons, which I think could have fairly easily been avoided.  Here are some details on them...Volume:I find the volume does not go loud enough for being outside (i.e. to do light yard work) or for when our house gets noisy (company over).  The background noise of the environment makes it hard to hear our baby before she gets really upset.Parent-Unit Battery:It helps that there are two units (with them in charging stands different rooms I can hear baby in most of the house so less need to take out of base).  However, it's really annoying that the low-battery indicator starts beeping after 10 minutes out of the base and dies shortly after that.Baby Unit & Rechargeable:It's fine that the baby unit doesn't come with batteries - I just bought some rechargeable, charged them, and put them in (left baby unit plugged in so they'd stay charged).  Figured that would (1) prevent baby unit from turning off in power failure and (2) make it real convenient to take the monitor with me (just grab the baby unit and a parent - no cords).  Problem is the baby unit doesn't charge batteries in it when plugged in, so when I took the unit with me the batteries were dead.  It's not very convenient to swap batteries in/out of the baby unit...so you can keep them fresh in an external charger.