I purchased this because my son (a toddler) has a disability that requires him to have extra stability.  He can sit up unassisted, but it's nice to have something for when he gets tired and starts to slouch sideways.  I was also hoping that I might be able to use this as a pillow in the tub, because I am ALL about finding multiple ways to reuse items and save space, and who doesn't want a thick, cushy pillow in the bath.  Well, this was a huge disappointment.  First of all, it arrived with a hole in it.  Yay for quality.  Second, it soaks up an ENORMOUS amount of water-- you just have no idea-- and is a nightmare to get dry.  I live in a dry climate, so mold wasn't an issue, but lifting/wringing it out and finding a place sturdy enough to hang a 10 pound, sopping wet pillow was not plausible in my bathtub.  I used it maybe three times by plopping it into a bucket afterwards and lugging it to the washer to spin dry, which is that LAST thing I want to be doing after giving my son a bath!Lastly, and most importantly, it doesn't function well an upright position.  Obviously, any baby using this needs stability and support.  However, there's no back support, and it prevents them from leaning back against the tub, so my son instinctively leaned back on it every single time.  A younger baby with poor trunk strength would just FALL straight back.  It's not really very tall, so the chance of a baby tipping sideways is high.  Also, until it soaks up enough water to sink, which takes several minutes, it floats… which throws the baby OFF balance and PUSHES them FORWARD, into the WATER.  If I had a dollar for every panicked expression I saw on my son's face while he was trying to use this thing.  Every single time, I had to fling the 10 pound monstrosity out of the bathtub and into a bucket, just so that we could finish our bath.Frankly, this thing was a pain in the bum with me sitting in the bath tub, but it would be a nightmare for the many moms who choose to put their baby in the bath and just lean over the edge. I cannot imagine what it would be like to have to constantly lean (or DIVE) 3 feet over to adjust my son's position and keep him from falling into the water.  For any mom suffering from carpel tunnel, back strain, or sheer exhaustion-- given my son's disability, I've had them all-- this thing would be agonizing and down-right dangerous!The only use for this thing-- assuming you have an iron rod in your shower to hang it on AND live in a dry enough climate to dry it-- would be for an infant/newborn to lay back on.  And frankly, I only felt safe washing my son in my lap.  It was easy, felt so natural, and I was never worried about him turning over into the water, because I could feel his every movement. So I wouldn't waste my money on this thing unless I knew for certain that I wouldn't just end up putting the baby in my lap anyway.For older babies, there are solid seats that suction into the bath tub and (my personal favorite) a laundry basket.  Yes, a laundry basket.  Because it holds him upright, I can buy bigger/smaller sizes as he grows, and it keeps his bath toys within safe reaching distance.  I owe that little gem to whoever posted a picture of it to my best friend's Facebook page.  :)