I bought this stroller one year ago.  It has been the 8th stroller I have purchased(no joke)so I've seen a few.  I use it nearly every day, along with the occasional use of an 8 year old slightly beat up Graco (still ticking).  My motivation (justification) for buying this stroller #8 was that I needed a small stroller capable of reclining enough for baby to sleep (baby was 11 months old then).  And it fits those requirements at a rather fair price.  I would have given it 4 stars a year ago.  BUT, it is rather hard to steer (tracking issues).  My 6 and 8 year olds can steer the full sized Graco (same price) just fine but struggle with the Combi.  And, as others mention, the basket is teeny.  Not big enough for my diaper bag, which isn't huge.  The freebie one from the hospital doesn't fit.  I hang mine over the handle, but it tends to slip down and then drags on the wheels.  A small design change would fix that; just a modest ledge to catch bags on.  But of course the manufacturers recommend against hanging anything on the handles anyway.  My biggest issue now though is that the 5 point harness is ineffective at restraining my nearly 2 year old.  I've tightened and adjusted (with difficulty) the straps but they seem to be very easy to slip out of.  Also, another saftey issue is that the back of the seat moves with baby when he leans forward.  Not normally a problem, but when baby is leaning WAYYY forward checking out wheels, a bug on the ground, whatever, he is very close to tumbling out.  I would have preferred a stroller with a fixed back (adjustable by Mom) that would help keep baby in one place.  Also, the size overall is smallish.  Quite narrow.  My son (almost 2, 25 lbs) fits okay but I can't imagine him in it to 45 lbs.  My daughter is 45 lbs and there is simply no way she'd fit unless it was some sort of fell-and-broke-her-arm-at-the-park-emergency.So overall this stroller gets 3 stars.  It's a nice little stroller.  I rarely use anything else.  Only when I need a big basket or will be pushing long distances or over grassy areas.  If you're on baby number one and you plan on having more, I'd recommend a higher end stroller.  But if you're getting something new and fresh for the last baby in your life, this is fine, especially if you have a full sized stroller you can use if needed.  A fine second stroller, not meant for long outings.