I never write reviews, but I have to warn people about this monitor. First of all, it took approx 2 months for it to arrive. I will say it is easy to set up and use. I have twins who sleep in the same crib, and I wanted to be able to see them. The quality of the audio is ok and the video is decent. FOR THE 3 WEEKS THAT IT WORKED.The camera just stopped working.  Then the real trouble started. Levana's return policy is out of control. After contacting them, they told me that I could be charged $199.00 (more than what we paid for the defective one on Amazon) for a replacement monitor to use while they tested my old one. Once my monitor was deemed defective, I would be credited the $199.00. I chose to borrow an audio monitor from a friend and just send off my defective one. The return paperwork makes you acknowledge that if you didn't pack your shipment correctly (with the appropriate paperwork or the right amount of packing material) you would be charged for any additional expenses (what that would be I have no idea). Also, you must sign to acknowledge that if the monitor was not found to be under warranty, you agree to have them fix it for $50/hr. I did not sign either agreement, just in case, and sent off my monitor. Levana received it on Aug. 31, 2011. After weekly chats with their customer representatives, I am still waiting on a new monitor. Each person tells me something different, and the length of time they say it takes to complete every process is ridiculous: allow 2-4 weeks once monitor is received for testing, 5-7 business days to actually test it, 1-3 days to create an order for a new unit once the old one is found defective, etc. One person told me I should have a monitor by the end of this week, but another person today told me an order had not been placed. My girls will be probably be walking by the time I get a new one. If I sound crazy, it's because I am. Levana has driven me insane. I'm just glad I didn't tie up $200 waiting on them. SAVE YOURSELF AND DO NOT BUY THIS THING.