We love this sound system and have used it religiously since my now 4 year old was 1. We literally only went through two of these the first 2 years of her life and now I have just purchased my 4th one in the last 2 months (we now have 3 kids in 2 rooms and each room has one). Whatever they changed, please go back! The machine was solid and amazing a few years ago and the most recent 2 boxes I bought in December just now are starting to have issues. The first one had the Voice Activation button on the back, we usually always set it to OFF but even with it set to OFF, it STILL would turn on with voice activation. With 3 little kids running into each other's rooms, it would ALWAYS get set off when they were running around playing. There's a little work around we did, we let it kick the projector and sounds on and than if you hit the Sound button & turn the sounds off (leaving the projector going), than it won't voice activate to turn on the sounds. Quite frustrating for sure, but our only other option was to unplug it every time we wanted it off. It came out of the box not working correctly and now it doesn't even work at all.The second box was having issues with the speaker yesterday. It's hard to explain but it starts off being pretty loud & than after some time, the speaker goes muffled. I keep my kid's sound boxes up almost all the way and once it goes muffled, it's quieter than the quietest setting. FRUSTRATING! I loved this box because it was the ONLY one I could find that has continuous white noise going without being on a timer. If there's another one that offers a white noise option without a shut off timer, I'd love to know because sadly, I'm starting to look for additional alternatives to this sound box. My husband and I both sleep with a fan going so we are a "white noise" kind of family and it makes it REALLY costly to keep having to buy these boxes when they have issues a month later. I imagine some may say that it's due to continuous use, but my first 2 sound boxes literally lasted a year on their own so I don't know what decisions the company has been making regarding these but they need some serious testing before they keep selling them!It's a real big bummer when I got on here to review and realized that I'm not an anomaly either, I'm definitely speaking out along with the others who have had issues too.