We started off using cloth diapers with our first baby. We have tried the pocket systems from BumGenius, Charlie Banana and Fuzzibunz. We started off using BumGenius pocket diapers (4.0) that we found at a consignment sale. You could tell that they had been used, but were in pretty good condition. After using those, we replaced most of the used ones with new BumGenius pocket diapers. I really like them. Our baby was born small (4 pounds) so we had some leaks, but it's understandable when the diaper is about as bulky as your child. I really like the two different sized inserts. The newborn one fit for several months and we recently switched to the larger size that can be adjusted to small, medium or large. It's a little bulky, but again, that's what you get with cloth diapers. The shells pretty much look new even though they have been used a lot. We have both the snaps and the velcro. I would recommend a few velcro because they are so easy to put on squirmy babies and fit our baby when she was at her smallest much better than the snaps. Now though, I like the snaps since they last longer. The one thing I have found with BumGenius is that they really need to dry in the sun or they pick up quite the funky smell (stripping them did not get rid of the smell for me - only sunshine).I had a friend recommend Charlie Banana diapers with the appeal that you can adjust the leg girth. We tried two and I like them. The issues I have had are that they are not as absorbent as the BumGenius diapers. It would be nice if the inserts were a little wider since they don't stretch the full girth of the diaper. I really like the adjustable leg elastics though and the snaps that can be overlayed. I really like how narrow the diaper is too. It fits smaller babies very well. I would give these a 4 (5 if the inserts were wider).I tried these Fuzzibunz diapers with the hope of getting the adjustability like a Charlie Banana and the absorbency of BumGenius - I thought they would be the best of both worlds. Unfortunately that is not what I found AT ALL. Although they are adjustable, you are not able to practically make the diapers small enough to fit medium-sized to smaller babies. The microfiber inserts work well (especially in my Charlie Banana shell) - they are a nice size and absorb well. The shell is the real problem though. It is big. The amount of fabric on the cover really makes it difficult to size the diaper to fit babies that are not enormous. In addition, you cannot overlap the snaps like you are able to do in a Charlie Banana diaper so you are limited in waist adjustment. A huge issue is that there is SO much fabric in the back that even when you adjust the waist and the leg girth, the insert swims around and is not held securely to the baby in order to absorb wetness. Additionally, these diapers are several dollars more per diaper compared to both BumGenius and Charlie Banana.If you are thinking about doing cloth, I would recommend trying a few different styles within your price point to find your favorite. For us, BumGenius and Charlie Banana are a go ahead. These Fuzzibunz were definitely a waste of money and not diapers that we will be able to use.