After researching high chairs, i decided to buy this. The price was great, it looked nice, and i wanted the swing out tray feature. I loved it at first, and liked it still after a couple months, and then steadily hated it more every day. After using it for about 7 months, i called amazon and told them about the issues and they AWESOMELY let me return it even though i do not have the original packaging and it's very used. I finally bought the boon flair, and it's worth every penny, especially over this highchair. just a tip - the boon flair box fits this highchair (when disassembled) so you can use it to send it back to amazon :) :) (it needs a very large box)Pros- nice pattern and colors.- vinyl seat is padded yet easy to wipe clean- reclines easily (but i never ever had the need for it)Pros - in IDEAS, but CONS - in EXECUTION/MANUFACTURING:- swivel out tray. button gets steadily more jammed as time goes on and eventually gets too frustrating to use it. which is actually fine because the gap between the tray and seat back, even on the tightest setting, is so huge that u can just pull the baby out no problem. of course, this means that besides for the fact that baby's lap will be full of food at the end of every meal, at a certain age your baby will start to climb out themselves! of course you're supposed to use the straps, but with so much wiggle room, any older baby can figure out how to get out of them and literally CLIMB OUT OF THE CHAIR and on to the tray. fun.also, the entire tray comes out pretty easily once it's open, but it is so large and heavy that it's worth it to leave it in and just wipe it down.- no crevices seat. well there is still the fold in the seat, where the seat part meets the back, and good luck getting the crumbs out of there.- washable seat pad. while it IS very easy to remove and replace and does wash nicely...a) only the 4 straps come off with it, not the crotch strap, which doesnt come out at all so there is no way to clean it. and b) after washing it every  other week or so for a few months, one edge started fraying and would become a hole if i had kept washing it.- 4 wheels! swivel wheels! give me a break. this thing is so huge and heavy to push, and they don't even give you working wheels. the wheels were so tight that they hardly moved and if i needed to move the highchair (which you may need to do often as it takes up a tremendous amount of space) i had to push the entire thing as if it didn't have wheels at all. and forget about turning corners or going over thresholds. impossible. (brakes on or off made almost zero difference)- head pillow. waste of time, and no where to store it.- storage space/bar for tray liner. stayed there until you have to move the chair, even an inch, and then fell right off.- height adjustment. very difficult and heavy to bring height up, and the buttons were usually jammed. not worth the effort!OVERALL MAJOR CONS:- impossible to get clean. im not talking about the seat here, although it's pretty difficult to get crumbs out of the corner as mentioned earlier. im talking about all the extra STUFF going on RIGHT NEXT TO THE FOOD-THROWING, STICKY KETCHUP BABY. the sides of the chair are totally exposed, made out of lots of little pieces screwed together, and are just impossible to get clean. instead of cleaning a seat and tray you end up cleaning all the mechanisms of the chair. and i am not a neat freak by any means. but this drove me nuts.- very large footprint and very heavy to move. besides for the fact that the thing is very wide and the legs extend verrry far in front and especially in back, there are ANOTHER few inches added on for the wheels (which don't even work!!). WHY? we have frequently tripped over the legs, and the whole chair juts out into the room so far from the wall, that it ends up looking ugly even though the pattern is pretty :(basically...do yourself a favor and spend some less money on baby blankets (you only need 2) and hats (you only need one!) and more on a quality high chair (as mentioned, i recommend the boon flair, for it's absolute ease of use). you will eventually use it at least 3 times a day and probably more, as now that my daughter actually cant climb out of her high chair, i put her in there for every single snack and messy drink, and i don't have to run after her cleaning up all day long.i have other bright starts products that i love but this just sucks.