Charlie Banana diapers work fine but they are by no means the first ones I reach for when changing my baby. The colors are adorable and bright, I have the Royal Blue and the Yellow and they do look cute on. They are also a very trim diaper, not taking up much space beneath my son's clothing at all, which is rare for a cloth diaper. Additionally because they are such a trim diaper these are good for on the go because unused ones do not take up a lot of space in my diaper bag. The inside of the diaper is VERY buttery soft, I imagine it feels very comfortable for a baby to wear, and the inserts are thick and absorbent. It is nice that the diapers come with two inserts (a medium/large and a small) to customize absorbency.The limitations of this diaper are mainly in the design. In order to create a trim diaper, the diaper itself has been made very small. It might fit a small baby well but for it is not ideal for my 7 month old who is in the 80-90th percentile for length and weight. Even fully adjusted the rise barely reaches his hips, making it seem like the diaper is too small for him. Speaking of the adjustments, the adjustable elastic in the legs is a bit of a pain. It seems to move around in the wash so I have to readjust it each time I want to put the diaper on my baby. Sometimes I forget this until I've already started changing the baby and then I have to hurry up and adjust it mid-diaper change before I get sprinkled on. And I've found that I'm just not a fan of the way this diaper snaps. I understand the idea of putting several snaps on the diaper in order to give the user a customized fit but it's really time consuming to stand there and snap six snaps on a wiggly baby. In the beginning I had a lot of trouble with these leaking when my son pooped. It was just a learning curve with the leg elastic and once I got it figured out those leaks stopped.My son also went through a very heavy wetting phase at about six months of age and this diaper could not keep up. The diaper would be completely soaked and would begin to leak after a short period of time. I tried adding back in the small insert as a doubler, but the diaper is really too small to stuff with both inserts at the same time. It made me feel like I was stretching out the diaper.I still use this diaper but mainly at home and on days when I am washing my bumGenius, Rumparooz, or Flips and just need something to put the baby in for a little while. If your baby trends on the smaller side you might have better luck with it than we have. Happy diapering!