I was so excited to buy this item!  I have wanted it since before our baby was born.  The lights and music are great and I like that there is a time button to determine how long it should play music.  I couldn't afford the 30 bucks for it when he was born, so I had to wait on it but finally splurged when our old mirror (which worked just fine and was $7) was lost.  I bought this for my car, which is a 2000 Saturn sedan.  The images showed how to install it so it would fit, but it doesn't.  Not only that, but it doesn't securely fasten to anything, you're just supposed to shove the ends of the string into the back of your seat and hope it stays.  The mirror is about 3 inches too long and sits against the back of the seat.  He kicks it and knocks it off the back off within minutes.  Also, because the battery and speaker device are at the bottom of the mirror, the angle isn't right and it faces upward.  As a result, it doesn't reflect into the rear view mirror at all.  I tried the mirror in my husband's truck, a Toyota Tundra with full back seat.  It also doesn't work.  He just gets annoyed with something taking up his foot space and kicks it, cries and gets frustrated with it.  I tried it in my sister's Honda Pilot thinking my car was a bit old and maybe it's designed more for the more modern SUV mom, but again, there was no way this was going to work, as he kept kicking it and knocking it down and even when it was up, you still couldn't see him in the rear view because of the bad angle.I don't know what kind of car they used in the pictures of it set up in the back seat as a rear-view facing mirror, but as far as I could tell, it's absolutely impossible with three different types of cars.The only thing this is good for is to just turn it on and let him play with it, which he doesn't really do.This for me, was $30 bucks out the window and I still need a mirror.  I wish I could return it, but I made the mistake of letting him play with it for a day before I tried to put it in the car, so it already had baby slobber and what not on it by the time I realized it wasn't going to work.I'm totally bummed and wish they'd been honest about the set up and limitations in the design.  It would probably work great in a crib, which is what Amazon shows in the picture, but on the box, BabysRUs and on their own site, they show this as a rear-view baby mirror.