Compare to other entertainment center, this bouncer does not really bounce. Amazon also did a terrible job on stocking because when I receive this product, the box is half worn due to the water--but that few days have been sunny. The parts have stains and are smelly out of the box, I clean it again and again, using wipes and soaps, and also washed the fabric in washer, it finally okay to put the baby in, but one can still see few tiny spots of black stain when look closer. I did not want to return it because the product itself works and have no defect.Here are the cons,The chair is too big for a 5 month old, my baby was moving forward and backward when she was standing in it. I had to put in a folded blanket at last to steady her position. When she turns to 8 months, it fits better. But then when she is 9 months she started to stand up so this thing is no use anymore.The toys are not designed well. I mean, what is the use of the yellow ring that does not move at all, and why can not the baby turn or bent the 2 green branches?The bounce pad does not bounce.And at last, what is point of making the customer to put up all the little pieces with screws??? The bottom of the 3 legs can surely be put together before box up because they don't do anything except stop slipping, the music part can also be installed prior to box up because it occupies the same space before or after, then the fabric chair also occupies nothing if it is installed already. I am actually a handyman and I am the one that puts up all the furnitures and computers at home, but this thing makes no sense. For any other baby products I have purchased, it is only few steps out of the box, and they feel safe because plastic caps usually cover up all metal parts. But this one is just crazy!Pros,Its a space saver! I like its lightweight.Baby needs some place to stand in and not move around. A jumper may do good for 15 minutes but not longer, this one can let the baby stay inside for 45 minutes without worrying.