I decided on buying this crib before I saw all the bad reviews which was a huge mistake! Like most others the crib came in damaged...there are several pieces that were either badly scratched or one even broke completely. It obviously is not packed properly if everyone seems to have the same problem. I decided to for go dealing with the company directly as no one on here seems to have any luck getting there issue resolved. I called Amazon directly in order to resolve my problem. I informed them what was wrong and was told that it would be handled. Originally I was asked if I wanted to exchange the crib....I didnt as it seems junky. So I asked if I could return it and get a refund..they said that was fine. But I know longer have that credit card and would not be given the credit directly. It would have to go through the bank and then to me. I didnt want to do that as I doubt I would have even seen it. So I said what the hell...its better to have a crib then have nothing. I asked to exchange and was informed it was no longer available. I wonder why...I doubt Amazon will deal with them as they are the ones left dealing with the customer service issues. I was told it would be looked into and I would get a call in 6 days which i was fine with. I didnt receive a call then. I did get one 10 days later but was at a dr appt and couldnt answer. The representative left a voicemail and said he would call Monday as it was Friday. I didnt receive a call Monday. I waited until Wednesday before I called back to inquire about it. I spoke to someone who was going to email the first represenative and have him call me back which didnt happen. He never called...she is supposed to call me back today to try and resolve it. She did call me and we are trying to work it out as we speak. In the meantime my son is over 3 months old sleeping in a pack n play. I feel so bad for him as it is cramped in there and I have a brand new crib set and mattress waiting for him to enjoy. All I need a crib that is functional!UPDATE:  It did not get resolved! The person called and said that I could return the crib and get a refund that would go directly to my credit card (closed account) or I could contact maker and pay for a replacement part. Why the hell should I have to pay for a part that came in on my crib broken. I am so not happy with the service. Why cant I just be given a credit and be able to order another crib with it instead of it going to the maker or the bank. So now I have a broken crib and need to buy a replacement part for something I didnt break.