I purchased this when we had our second child.  The G2 system (infant car seat, toddler stroller seat, car base, and stroller base) was amazing so we thought the Helix was a no brain solution for two young children.Cons1) Very long and awkward to manouver - the width is fine, but the legnth is difficult.  The Helix doesn't take curbs and "flexes or wobbles" if walking through grass or snow2) Extension Arm -  when collapsing stroller base, the arm will need to be re-adjusted and is awkward to lay flat.3) Helix Extension Base - does not fit well when packing up all pieces.  I have a 7 seat SUV and the back is basically all Orbit mess4)Helix Wheels - th absolute worst part is the set of wheels on the "Helix extension base' do NOT turn with the rest of the stroller.  I have taken them off several times and tried to get them sorted out (with children and unpacking/repacking children) - but they continue to work against the direction of the turn.5) iPad Holder - doesn't work for any vantage point.  As a parent, you like to believe that when you are with your children you aren't on the iPad and neither are they.  However, if you needed to use the iPad, the clear sleeve is a bit of a waste as you couldn't watch from the stroller seat (facing the parent) or as the parent pushing.  The angle of the stroller arm/handle bar is high and facing upward.I tried to contact Orbit but they require photos or videos of the problem.  As the largest frustration is driving the stroller with the two year old and six month old strapped in, it's impossible to take photo or video of the wheels not responding to the turn of the very long system.Side note -  also have purchased the sidekick attachment and it is great!!!Pro's1) Handle Extension/Addtion - great as there is a velcro pouchon the under side to put in house keys or wallet for easy access.  The one arm manouverability (vs the two separate extendable arms) is great when using stroller alone.2) Two cup holders - drink holders for both care giver and child.  Between the holders there is a holster to hold you iPhone or Driod so its easy to access.3) Addition of Hamock Carrier Bag -  underneath is easy-ish while doing light groery shopping.  Loved the diaper bag from original though too.4) Pretty easy to put together or assemebleOverall we are ALL dissapointed (grandparents included) with the Helix as Orbit has been completely genius and the best purchase we made from this market segment.  Its a great system for one child.  Maybe the next version will be amazing?