I bought this potty first because there were a few negative reviews about the much smaller potette (which you can find on Amazon as well..). However, I later bought/used the potette for a trip, so am comparing the two below:This Fisher price one is big and sturdy, has it's own case, you can use plastic grocery bags or trash bags in it, etc. and it's great for keeping in the car for "kid potty stop emergencies". However, it is pretty bulky and would not be handy for any walking, hiking type excursions (I'm talking about around town, botanical gardens, etc. where it would be inappropriate to let them potty in the grass/nature areas & where public toilets are either absent or gross).The potette however, is perfect for such things - it's much smaller, has handy bags with absorbent pads, and comes in it's own little bag. The pottette is maybe 1 to 1 1/2 inches thick and 7x7 inches when folded into its bag - easy to stick in your backpack or even a bigger purse. The Fisher price on-the-go potty is significantly bigger! When folded up into it's case it is about 12-14 by 12-14 inches in size and 5-6 inches thick. Not good for a purse at all, and takes up a lot of room in a backpack or suitcase if traveling. It does come with it's own handle and shoulder strap, but why lug such a big thing around when the potette will fit directly into your purse or pack? And the potette doesn't weigh anything at all while this might add a pound or two to your load.We recently went on a cruise from Puerto Rico down through the southern Caribbean. The potette potty was PERFECT!! We went to many national monuments, parks, a volcano & other outdoor sites which had NO public toilets (or super gross hole in the ground toilets) - we easily set up the pottete and the problem was immediately resolved. It's easy to remove the baggie and tie it up so you can avoid potential messes until you find a trash can. The potette was AMAZINGLY portable and handy for our 3 year old!TAKE HOME MESSAGE: The FP potty-on-the-go is great for in your car, but buy the potette for travel where you want to carry a kiddie potty on your person!