My first Ameda Purely Yours pump was given to me by a friend over 4 years ago.  She exclusively pumped for an entire year!  Then I used it for 2 years, about 6 times/week.  It worked perfectly!  So perfect that I decided to buy a new Ameda Purely Yours pump in April of 2013.  The original pump's AC adaptor was cracked and I thought a new pump would be nice for the new baby... wrong!My new pump arrived in April 2013 and it worked good.  I pump only 3-4 times each week and after a few months the pump would randomly stop turning on.  I would sit there for up to 5 minutes switching it on.. off.. on.. off.. on... off.  Then finally it would work and I could pump.  Not cool when I have a limited time at work to pump.  So I called the company and they sent me a new motor.  They were super nice and friendly so I was happy!The replacement motor came and I sent back the broken one.  From day 1 the replacement motor did not work properly and barely sucked and I ended up having to use a hand pump.  I called the company and they sent me new pumping parts (cone, valve and diaphragm).  Still, the pump did not work properly.  So I called again and they sent me even more- another new cone, valve, diaphragm, tubing AND white caps.  Again, it still didn't fix the problem.  The pump would suck just fine, but wouldn't properly release the pressure causing the diaphragm to bunch up.  After a few cycles, the suction would be too low to work.  If I popped the white caps off, it would release the pressure and I could get 1 or 2 nice sucks until it stopped working again.  Finally they sent me another replacement motor.The replacement- replacement motor works better but I'm still not happy :-(  I don't think it sucks strongly enough and to get enough suction power I have to use it as single pump.  I know my original pump worked better than this.  It feels like a huge waste of money because I can't use this pump as a double pump, and I've been using my manual pump instead since its quieter.  I'm not sure I will call again since the replacement-replacement-replacement might be even worse.  I would have highly recommended this pump last year but now I can't.