POSITIVE:I had a lot of fun with the variety in this set of decals.  There are four monkeys, a giraffe, an elephant, a wide variety of different jungly leaves, and eight little blue birds (two that are attached to the twiggy branch, three that are flying, and three that are in a standing pose).We put the giraffe and elephant together in one spot.We put three of the monkeys together in another spot (two of them doing an awkwardly balanced totem pole handstand, and the third trying to catch them).We put the branch apparently growing out near the top of a door frame.We put the fourth monkey (the one peeking from behind some leaves) above a doorframe with ALL the leaves layered behind him, as well as some leaves from another decal set I had.  He looks awesome, like he's really peeking out of a jungle.And the birds I put all around the room.  One is hiding in the above-mentioned jungle.  One is perched on a framed picture.  One is perched on my son's name wall decal.  And others are hiding in sneakier places.  It's a game, to find all eight birds.  ;)So I really liked the variety of different stuff here and that it opened up some chances to be creative.NEUTRAL:They're small.  Didn't bother me too much even though this is a big nursery.  If you're wanting huge decals, though, this isn't it.NEGATIVE:You can't tell by looking, but they have a little clear-plastic rim around them.  If you stick it to the wall that way, you can still see the plastic halo all around the decal.  It screams out, "I'm a sticker."  I KNOW that these are stickers.  But a high-quality wall decal should look painted-on.  It shouldn't look like a kid got bored and played with a sticker set from Wal-Mart.  I should note that this plastic rim stands out more on darker-colored paint than on lighter paint, but it's still visible no matter what.Our solution was to laboriously cut off this edging on every single sticker.  Including around the humps on the giraffe's mane, in the crevices of every leaf, around every curly monkey tail and tiny bird leg.  It's time-consuming but vastly improves the look of them on the wall.The two brands called "Decal the Walls" and "Cherry Creek Decals" offer wall decals that do NOT have this plastic edging on them, so they look more professionally done WITHOUT you having to put extra effort in.MY RATING:I gave it three stars ("It's okay") because now that I have them up in the room, with the edging cut off, they are nice.  It's okay that I got them, and they look great in the room.But I won't be purchasing this brand again.  When my son is older and ready to ditch the jungle theme for something of his own choosing (dinosaurs, super heroes, sea monsters, etc.), I will go looking for decals that are NOT like this one with the plastic rim around them.Maybe I should have taken off another star since I don't necessarily recommend buying them.  But, as I said, I do like them and they do look great in the room now.  I especially like the monkey-jungle scene I made, and the little birdies hiding all over the room.