I wrote a review of the baby seat as well.I was quite excited to have this product (for our first child), but unfortunately it has failed on so many levels.This is the only one-star review I've written on anything on Amazon, and I think it's important for people to know.  I tend to ignore 1-star reviews thinking that they're biased, but I just don't know how to be very nice about this review because this isn't that great of a stroller for the money.  Does it work?  Sure.  But is there a lot better on Amazon and elsewhere for the money?  Heck yeah.For those of you who like this thing, I think you just have different standards than I do, and good for you, because there are probably not many products that bother you.Let's start with the biggest problem--the wheels.  The front wheels are designed in such a way that it just does not turn very easily, smoothly, or consistently.  They are terrible.  I can get over the rickety nature of the stroller, but the wheels really suck.  Who the heck designed these?  It takes a lot of wrist effort to turn the stroller on a left or right turn.  Even on concrete--which is the easiest surface to use this stroller with--it isn't that great.  That makes me wonder if I can maneuver it quickly if there were some trouble.For this reason alone my wife hates this thing, because it's harder for her to use.  Do we still use it?  Yes, because it's all we got.When you try to roll it on a smooth surface like anything indoors--wood, laminate, marble, ceramic, pretty much anything but carpet and concrete--the wheels don't turn.  So you end up kind of dragging it to turn it or doing a wheelie to turn it (I've figured out that's really the only way), and it leaves marks on the floor if you do.  It requires a lot of grip to turn those wheels, so those smooth surfaces don't work.  That really makes this thing frustrating anytime we try to wheel it out of the house, or if in the house I want to move her about getting ready for a trip or just trying to calm her down (baby likes movement).Trust me, for that reason alone, I highly recommend you avoid this. The problem with not buying it though, I understand, means you can't use the baby seat with another stroller.The baby seat doesn't click into this thing very well (just like the base), either, which is dangerous.  I don't always know if it's in properly, and so I keep mashing the thing down, waking up my poor baby, trying to make sure it's in.  Then I have to lift it up to make sure.  Another big flaw.Because it's tall and fairly narrow, there is a little bit of danger in tipping this thing over like when you're turning on a slope (it's hilly in our neighborhood and driveway).The brakes are not designed that well--each of the rear wheels have a brake.  The problem is that where we live (it's warm), we wear sandals and flip flops a lot.  The bottom of the plastic brake is not smooth, so when you try to flip it up with your toe (requires a bit of effort), it's uncomfortable or could scrape your toes.The basket at the bottom is hard to reach if you have the seat on top of it.  So if you have a decent sized item in there, like the diaper bag, you have to take the car seat off first to access it or put it back in.There is a neat little sun cover that pulls out of the handlebar area to cover your baby's face--this is a wonderful feature--but unfortunately it attaches in such a way that it means the top can easily slip off and not work.  So you have to stretch the fabric across the top--again, easily done--but not a well designed piece of work.The button on the handlebar to close the device does not work well--it's soft and does not click properly and is poorly designed.The thing that has bothered me the most (even more than the wheels believe it or not), is the lock when you fold it up.  There is this really simple metal tab with a hole in it that keeps the stroller folded when you stash it in the trunk or wherever, and the problem lies when you try to unfold it.  Instead of a quick flip or unlocking mechanism, you have to often push the stroller flatter first, then lift the tab up to let the bolt out that protrudes through it.  It's another simple, but poorly executed design.  I have to use both hands to do this, which means I have to prop the stroller up or lay it on the ground.The worst thing with this thing though, is the way the side bars of the frame align next to this metal tab.  Twice now, when I held the bars with my fingers to release the tab, I then used my other hand to quickly unfold the seat carrier.  Well, guess what--my finger and fingernail (which was between the two bars) got pinched when they started to reverse to unfold.  Man, that hurt like something fierce, and my wife can tell you I was not a happy camper when we were trying to go out on our family outing.  And yes, it made me feel like an idiot for not unfolding it properly, but I would bet my money that I'm not the first to do that.  Because I had to use two hands to unlock and unfold this thing, I had to put my hand there to hold it steady. Then you open it up, and bam--smashed fingernail.  If I had unfolded it any harder, my fingernail would've probably fallen off a few days later.Anyhow, I can laugh about that now, but I'm just curious how many people have had that happen to them.The cup holders work fine, and there is a little flip open section in the middle where you can put sunglasses--works fine, but they should've lined this thing so that it wouldn't scratch sunglasses or whatever else (like your phone) you put in there.I would definitely NOT recommend this to anyone.  My in-laws all hate this thing, and anybody who's tried to walk our baby has complained about the wheels. I'm writing this review, in fact, because my mother-in-law encouraged me to do so!  You often see so many wonderful glowing reviews on Amazon, I thought I should weigh in to tell my experience.  I'm sure most of the issues some of you wouldn't have a problem with, but I really, really don't know how anybody could live with the way it turns--or rather doesn't turn.The only thing going for it is the cheap price, but boy, if I could do it over again, I would've paid for something much better and nicer.  I goofed on this one, and hope you don't!