(We bought this seat at Buy Buy Baby using a 20% off coupon from Bed Bath and Beyond)After reading positive and negative reviews on several popular car seats, we decided on impulse to buy this one. The seat is impressively heavy and sturdy, and looks like it belongs in a NASCAR vehicle. After using it for 4 months (we are now buying a second seat for our other car and shopping around once again) I can say that although the seat's safety features are impressive, it falls short in the details:The good:-If you're reading reviews on this seat then you already know about the steel magnesium frame, and the ability to rear face your child much longer than most other seats. Definite plus, and for me, the selling features.-Clek's customer service is great at answering any question you have in a timely manner.The not-so-good:-The seat really falls short in the details: strap covers are tiny and slide around a lot, the groin strap is short and too close to the back of the seat, and the seat lacks any type of padding. Now, sure, you can go out and purchase strap covers at Target for $9.99 but you shouldn't have to when you're buying the most expensive car seat on the market. You wouldn't expect to buy a Lexus only to go to Best Buy and have to buy a CD player for it because it only came with a cassette player.Groin strap: I'm surprised a lot of reviews aren't mentioning this, but the strap is both short and too close to the back of the seat. There is a second slot which we are using (our toddler is 18 months old, 31 inches tall, and weighs 24 pounds), but I can't imagine using the seat when she gets much bigger because the clip sits really low and the strap buckles press into her thighs. I contacted Clek about buying a longer strap, and as of July 2013 they don't have one available (but did say they will have one available for purchase sometime in the future). There is a cloth/foamy cover which is supposed to insulate the child's legs from the buckles -you can see it in the picture- but it moves around and is an annoyance to adjust. Again, it's a slight ding against the seat's overall rating.Padding: We often travel from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, and I honestly can't imagine our child sitting in this seat for more than an hour or two because it doesn't have any padding. I know lots of other seats don't either, but several do, so if you're looking to use this seat on longer drives I would advise you to go and look at it in person and compare the foam padding to other seats.Head hang: After sitting in the back seat with our toddler I noticed that her head falls forward when she's asleep. The seat is reclined as far as it can, but one of the features of the seat is that it sits up higher so the head hang is inevitable. Clek has a link on their Facebook page addressing this -it's a post written by a doctor who reassures us that babies are flexible so heads hanging in a weird way is really not unusual and not harmful at all. Fine, if you're driving on a smooth road. But where I drive there is lots of bopping up and down (occasional pothole, speed bump, driveway, etc) so her head REALLY bobbles around which worries me because then it's outside of the protective side wings and just looks unsafe.Strap covers: The seat came with strap covers which are removable, but they are small and slide easily so you have to adjust them, tighten the straps, then adjust again, and then adjust once more. I think the strap covers are made of a rare platinum-diamond-gold material which costs $100,000 per square inch because they reeeeeallly tried hard to use as little fabric as possible to create a thing they can call "strap covers." I guess adding another inch of fabric would have put them out of business..Mnual: This is a common complaint, the manual is terrible. I think they spent all their money sewing up those tiny strap covers so when it was time to write the manual they went to their disgruntled intern who invested all of 30 minutes typing it up in word, printing out the pages, then mixing them up just for fun.Summary: The seat's sturdiness and heft is impressive, but it's not padded, the groin strap is thong-like, and a sleeping toddler turns into a bobblehead. See the seat in person before you buy it, or make sure you can return it because you probably won't like all the details I pointed out.******EDIT 7/11/2014After using the seat for a year or so, I still stand by my so-so recommendation. Clek now has an option on their website to purchase a longer crotch strap, so that addresses one of my complaints. However, a new issue came up: We needed to adjust the shoulder straps and move them into a higher slot, and we needed to move the headrest up. The straps were very easy to adjust, so that's great. The problem we encountered was, when moving the headrest up it needs to "click" into a new position, sort of like the headrest in your car. The problem with our seat is that only one side clicks in, while the second side slides up and down. I have contacted Clek about this on their Facebook page and noticed that several other posters had the same issue. So heads up when buying a seat, check that the headrest locks in place firmly. I will update this review once the issue is resolved.Oh, and to add - we have the seat installed rear-facing in a Nissan Versa hatchback and it fits very well into the middle seat, and still leaves room for two smallish passengers to sit in the back, and doesn't impede the front part of the car nor the rear window in any way. However, we did try to install it rear-facing into a Scion XD (also hatchback) and it didn't really work because it left no space in the front for the driver or passenger seats.