I drive an '06 Subaru Outback. I'm expecting DD3. DD1 is still in a booster seat and will be for at least 30 lbs & 7" more. DD2 is still rear-facing in a convertible.After moving DD2 from the middle to behind the passenger seat, I was barely be able to fit an infant seat let alone with the base in the middle between the two of the current seats. I bought the narrowest ones I could for them- both 16"W. Still couldn't fit the base.  I read lots of reviews of this seat, and figured I could get it to install properly. It arrived and I installed RF & FF in the middle (seat belt only- LATCH CANNOT BE USED FOR CENTER) and on the passenger side (seat belt & LATCH). Took 3 hours. The worst install was the center. The 'rockers' on the bottom of the seat fit perfectly over the hump in the middle of the seat. BUT b/c the middle seat belt receiver isn't recessed in the seat and has some movement in it. It came up under the edge of the seat where the rest of the seat belt comes out. I had all my weight in this seat(160-give or take)and pulling as hard as I could and with the locking mechanism engaged on my car's seat belt, could not get this tight at all. I rolled up towels under it. Using the blue lockoff that comes with it on the shoulder belt, right by part that slides along the belt, I was able to get a decent, but not rock hard install in the middle. FF center was easier, and okay b/c the belt path is higher for the FF install and the seat belt receiver wasn't an issue. LATCH with this seat is a joke. Not only couldn't I get it very tight at all, RF & FF, a couple of nudges on the side of the seat loosened it. I was able to install RF, with the seat belt (seat belt lock engaged) and stood outside the car facing it, and pulled with all my body weight and got a good install with no lock off or clip. The passenger seat can be slid all the way back, but the seat back has to be pretty straight. FF passenger side with seat belt was a piece of cake. With this for DD2, I can use the base to the Snugride now. I'm going to do that until DD3 outgrows that seat, at that time, I'll start carseat research again and hope that the Cocorro has been improved, or there is another one this narrow  available.  As far as quality. Hahaha. The fabric does already have a snag in it. When I was TAKING THE SEAT OUT OF THE BOX, some of the styrofoam came unglued (and no I didn't turn the box upside down and dump it out, but even then, if a carseat is tested for accident safety, I would like to be able to drop it 3 feet and it not break,  ya know?) I thought it had broken at first, and took the cover off and it had just come unglued. The other reviews that said 'styrofoam' I really hoped they were exaggerating. No. It's white styrofoam like what a computer is packed in. Everytime I leaned across the seat while installing it, I heard the styrofoam making noise and I kept thinking, you've got to be kidding me, it's going to break just while I'm installing it. I'm going to go back and watch the install video on the company's website b/c it is way more complicated & difficult than it should be. And while I'm not a CPS tech, I've installed many dif. carseats in many dif. cars over the years with my much younger brother, my sister's kids, and now my own. We joke about opening a carseat museum in our family. I know a thing or 2 about them. I was to take pictures while working on all the options for installing, but I was so frustrated that I didn't.