Overview:  This seems to be the most affordable option for adjustable wood high-chairs which later convert to a toddler-dining chair.  If you want one of this style but do not want to shell out the $$$ for the more spendy versions, it's a great choice.More detail:  Went through two shipments of this chair.  First try was missing the hardware bag, even though the package was fully sealed.  Was really irritated about having to deal with that, and even more so when the second box arrived totally open with one side completely open and half of the flap fully missing.  Amazingly, that open box had all the parts and we were able to assemble the product.Assembly took a few attempts with the non-verbal / illustration-only type instructions.  It's one of those things you have to put together loosely and only once it's "sort of" together do you tighten the whole thing down.  If I get another one of this type, I may go against the instructions and just put all of the cross pieces on one side mostly tightened, then put the other side on with where I want the seat and footrest, and then tighten the whole thing down.  Not sure if that would be easier than the put-it-together-loosely method, but it sure feels like it would be in hindsight.Once we finally got it put together, our 2 year old loved it and enjoyed being up at the right height right at the table.  It matches our table in the finish color, and I appreciate the mass-adjustability.  The chair padding is thin, floppy, and sloppy, but I care about that way more than she does.  The padding will have to be washed often, and I would imagine that it will quickly wear out; however, the padding is not critical for function.  I would say something about making a replacement for it with waterproof cover but with 2 little ones at home that's just not going to happen - so if they get too ikky or lumpy we'll just do without the pads.  I also notice that it's a little hard to get her in and out based on how close the tray/bar is; however, that can also be a bit of a safety feature since it's not easy for her to climb out quickly.Lastly, I would love it if there were a less-intensive harness option.  Having a lap belt for the older kiddos would be great, but the 5-point is great for the littler ones.