I just ordered this book for our new baby girl and was disappointed.  I have the Laguna baby book for my son (also by Carter's) and thought they would be pretty similar.  Unfortunately the changes in this one did not impress me.  It has lots of pages with lots of great places to write in events but there were several flaws.1. The family tree section is one page for mom and one for dad.  Great except there is no room for baby's siblings on either pages and it has a place to list mom & dad's cousins (only 6 each) but no place for aunts, uncles, etc.2. The picture spots on most of the pages are very small.  I ran into this with the Laguna also but is was more adaptable to 4x6 photos.  Almost all of the spots are square or would require a photo smaller than 3x5 to fit in the space and not cover up the designs.3. The monthly update pages were what I really wanted but instead of letting me write what I want it is more fill in the blank.  For each month you are to put down height, weight, sleeping patterns, eating habits, new foods, new discoveries, accomplishments, and a tiny section for special memories.  Would much prefer to write the things I want instead of being dictated topics.4. The firsts section is fairly standard but I have no idea what "When I first a picture" refers to.  I'm guessing this is a typo.  Also there is a spot for before and after pictures of the first haircut but no space for pictures of first steps.5. The adventures page is fun but you are again locked in to preconceived ideas like going to the zoo, movies, etc. instead of being able to write your own adventures.6. Finally when you get to years 2-5 there is only one page per year and it is completely focused on the birthday and party.  No space to write anything about the year and hardly any space for a picture, once again.Haven't decided if I'll keep this or not as the baby is due any day.  If it didn't cost so much to ship it back I'd definitely return it and get the Meadowlark by Carter's that I should have gotten in the first place.