I'm so sad this chair didn't work out.  I hope the product designers at Keekaroo read this review and make some changes. oTHE GOODOnce you put the chair together, you'll think to yourself, wow this is a nice sturdy chair, lovely color/ overall aesthetic and the infant seat is super comfy. All this is true.HOWEVEROnce you put an actual child in the chair, you'll wonder if Keekaroo tested this product with real babies/ toddlers and their parents.  Here is what I mean:PROBLEMS WITH THE TRAY1) Size. The tray is about half the size of other trays on the market.  Sure this is OK to look at.  But imagine for a moment that your dinner plate was not 10" but 5", and you had to eat with it pushed up against your chest. This is what it is like for your toddler to dine in the Keekaroo.In my baby's old chair (Chico 360) I could place a small bowl of blueberries, a small plate of cheese and his sippy cup in a special circle indent. On the Keekaroo, because he has no room, he accidentally knocks over the bowls, plates and without that circle indent, his cup goes flying to the ground, and it all ends up in tears. So now I have abandoned giving him anything other than food directly on the tray, yet the tray is so small that he gets his forearms and elbows covered in food.2) This is the only tray I have seen that requires TWO ADULT HANDS to remove. So you are probably thinking, if you need two hands to remove the tray, and a few seconds to put the tray down somewhere, is the baby safe? The answer is NO.The infant insert seat is attached by a flimsy piece of velcro. This is nice for easy cleaning, but when I take off the tray with both hands, and my 13 month old starts to wriggle to get down, the seat pops off with no resistance and he falls.  The 3 point harness, as other Amazon reviewers have mentioned, is flimsy.  It snaps together low on my baby's hips, and  does not stop him from falling when the infant insert seat detaches. This is extremely DANGEROUS.PROBLEMS WITH THE FOOTRESTI was so glad that there was a footrest so my baby's legs wouldn't dangle. However, this is a big heavy wooden tray that barely fits into the loose slots. It's very wobbly so when my baby rests his feet on it, the entire thing comes crashing down. Now as I am the one sitting close to my baby to feed him, on more than one occasion it crashed on my feet, leaving my toes bruised. I have another baby on the way and I could just picture this crashing on him. We have since removed the footrest as it is dangerous.SUGGESTIONS FOR KEEKAROOHere is what needs to happen to make this lovely chair both functional and safe:1) Infant insert seat needs to properly attach. An inch of velcro is not good enough.2) The 3 point harness needs to be replaced with a 5 point harness.3) Tray size needs to double, with a special circle indent for bottles and cups. Heck, sell me an "XL Deluxe Tray" as an accessory for another $80. I'll buy it!4) Tray needs to detach with one hand (examine at all those plastic high chairs at Babies R Us. Yes they are hideous to look at, but you'll notice their trays all detach in the middle, leaving the adult with one hand free to keep on the baby).5) Foot rest needs to be secured by a screw or some other mechanism.