Ok, here it is right a year since our daughter has be born AND since we bought this glider and ottoman.  The ottoman I haven't had a issue with BUT the glider is a TOTALLY different story. The short of it; The metal pins the go through holes to make the pivot points ride against the wood itself.  The Long of it; Over time that section inside the drilled hole that the pin/bolt rides against in the wood get worn down (or burnt if you can relate to that) or something because it squeaks when you rock back to a stop and go forward and squeaks when you rock forward to a stop and go back.  This might be due to the type of wood used as all the rockers that I have seen have this type of pivot setup.  What I wanted to do is buy some sort of wax based plastic collar or metal collar, drill the current pivot hole to the size of the collar, insert the collar in the hole and put the pin/bolt through the collar.  BUT without jeopardiznig the integrity of the glider.  THAT is my first reaction.  I'm in the process of talking to Jardine to resolve this issue.  I was at work when I called and they asked me for the model number of the chair, I didn't have it.  My suggestion to you is if you are looking to get a glider check these issues:1.  Ask questions about the pivot point, do they use pin against wood, or is there something like ball bearings out there?2.  Do your research concerning recalls/defects on assymbly of the glider and the pivot points.3.  If you have to get the Pin to wood pivot points, then try to find a wood that won't wear like this one and squeak badly.IF you can avoid getting a glider that used the pin/bolt that is pushed through the holes of the wood AND the pin/bolt rides against the wood, do avoid it.  Pay the higher price and get one that is not assymbled like this (if possible that is), you'll thank yourself later, TRUST ME :D.  It WILL squeak very loudly over time.  I promise you.  I'm 35 years old and pretty mechanically encligned, I'm not writing this review to speak badly of Jardine, I just want something that is going to last.  We bought our glider from Babys R Us for pretty penny, 300+ at the time. Figured it would be better built than that......  OK here is a follow up to the issue.  As soon as I called them they asked for model number that was taped to the under side of the seat.  Once I told them that the pivots squeak extremely badly they simply stated they are going to send a new base.  The representative didn't know what changes they made, hopefully it is not the same type of pivot setup.  Although the service was quick and efficient, Customer Service obviously cares about the customer and their product to send a new base free of charge.  I also really like the high arm rest.  When you in the rocker rocking your little one, your not slumping or anything when you rest your arm on the rest and baby lays perfectly in your arms.  The back rest leaves some desiring,  my back gets to hurting after rocking for a while.