My son is 6 months old now and we've used this seat since we brought him home from the hospital. It's installed in our Toyota 4Runner (middle back seat). Here are my pros and cons:PROS:1) I feel confident my child is safe when he's buckled in. It's a good car seat.2) Quality material. Looks great and can stand up to wear.3) Angled grip options on the handle are helpful. Especially as a first time mom with "mommy thumb" (aching wrists), different carry options were welcome.4) Carrier goes in and out of the base very easily.CONS:1) Installation takes some work. To get everything just right with angle/snuggness my husband had to put a board under the base and put his body weight on the base while tightening it.2) While a newborn, the portion of the head cushion that lays behind the baby's neck was enough to tilt my son's head too far forward. So we didn't use it when he arguably needed it most.3) Strap tightening is a balancing act. The straps are one continuous belt that snakes through the seat from right shoulder to right hip - then under the seat - and then back from left hip to left shoulder. The tightening strap is designed to tight BOTH shoulders at the same time but it only works that way about 25% of the time. Often when I pull the tightening strap, only the right shoulder tightens. So I have to "feed" the slack through and adjust the hips. It's a lot of shimmy-ing and jostling.4) Straps have started to twist because of all the strap adjusting - which leaves the lap buckles facing the wrong way and can't be clipped in. It's a real pain to fix.5) This is apparently a narrow seat for the baby's shoulders. This is only an issue because our son is in the 85th percentile for height and weight (17lbs & 26" at 4 months). Now that he's nearly 6 months, his shoulders/arms are getting really snug in the seat. Even though this seat is supposed to be good until 30lbs, I don't believe a 30lb version of our son will fit. This is why we're looking at another rear facing car seat already.6) Adjusting the handle bar requires depressing the red buttons on both sides of the seat. These have been kind of sticky and hard to push simultaneously.NOTE:This is neither here nor there but just know that in our 4Runner, this seat is long. We wanted to put it in the middle of the back seat anyway for safety, but as he got heavier, we thought we'd move it to a side seat so it was safer on my back to get him in and out. But if we do that it forces us to put our front seats forward. It wouldn't be the end of the world, just a touch inconvenient.