This weekend we experienced a scary accident with this chair when our 9.5mo fell several feet to the kitchen floor from this chair despite being buckled in.  She was able to tuck her feet under her and jump out while my back was momentarily turned.  I was standing no more than 5 feet from her, but she was able to shimmy out of the chair incredibly quickly.  After a visit to the ER and a few days of observation, we are relieved that she is fine.Photo included from Inglesina's website with conflicting instruction that the chair can be used from 6-36months or up to 37lbs.Upon reviewing the instructions for this seat, however, we were surprised to learn that there is a disclaimer for discontinued use for babies once they are able to stand.  This information, however, was fairly buried in a long list of general disclaimers found only on the product manual.  We were dismayed that the up-front callouts on this package highlighted that the seat usage limits were from 6mo-37lbs.  For us, like many parents we know, was a sell point.  Being able to use the seat for an extended period of time was compelling.  Given the disclaimer, this useful life of this product would be from 6-9 months for most children.  I have been contacting Inglesina to point out that this is highly misleading, but have been receiving only messages that they appreciate my concern.  Further, the product website has no mention of this ‘discontinue use when standing’, other than via a download of their product guide (which was unavailable on my Mac).  There is a conflicting note of information on their instructional video that states that the chair CAN be used from 6-36 months or up to 37lbs.  We can assume that most babies are able to stand well before the 36mo limit.  This safety call out is not mentioned in their product page or the FAQs that accompany the page.  My primary concern is that Inglesina will hesitate to call out this safety disclaimer as it will significantly dampen sales based on consumers’ perception of this chair’s useful life.  Reading the positive reviews on Amazon, it seems most parents believe that this seat can be used for an extended period of time.