I haven't rated anything poorly before but this crib rating took me forever to consider. When I had purchased this crib 4 months ago I read tons of great reviews. The pictures looked fantastic and even though I did read about the changing pad issue and the mattress height I was willing to do some research to fix these. I regret this.1. Our crib came in a giant box that weighed at least 100 lbs. It was easy to push it into our nursery but be warned- it's heavy.2. Unfortunately, we did not inspect the crib when it arrived. In fact we did not look at it until we opened it up to put it together (3 months after we purchased it). The main reason for this was because the box was massive and heavy. I was already 7 months along with complications so my assistance was useless. When we did open it up we found 2 huge chips on the exterior boards that are definitely noticeable. We were able to cover them up however I recommend checking the box/pieces as soon as you can for damage. This seemed to be an issue in other reviews.3. Assembly, was pretty straightforward. As mentioned above because of my condition during pregnancy I was not able to assist except for putting dowels in and holding pieces in line for my husband. We got all the way to the end before we realized we forgot to attach the secure mattress holder... -.-4. Mattress height is an issue. I'm 5'5" and currently 39.5 weeks along. I definitely cannot reach the mattress without facing away from the crib and doing a side scoop. I know I will lose weight but this is going to be an uncomfortable reach. Thank goodness we're using a bassinet when he arrives. Anyone under 5'9" will at least need 2 mattresses in this crib when you place the baby in there.5. The changing pad. I read previous reviews that people used the LA Baby 30" pad but this pad does not work. The pad measures 15.5" x 27.5". It will not fit without cutting a few inches off the foam. You'll need to find a cover that will fit a 28" pad which I have not found still. I also read that people had to use the changing pad directly from the manufacturer, AFG, however when I look that pad up it has so many horrible reviews. The pad is only 1" thick (or should I say thin) and it's not contoured. Very flimsy/flat pad. Very disappointed with the changing pad issue. I am still looking for a pad or idea to fix this. I left a question in the forum above however as of this point in time- no one has found a pad that fits or they recommend using a towel. If anyone has found a decent pad (at least more than an inch thick) please let me know.6. The look... this crib LOOKS fantastic! I love the white clean finish. The storage space is great for anyone that is low on space in the nursery (the main reason we looked at this crib). It's very sturdy and easy to move around. The drawer space is small though. The bottom two large drawers can hold fitted crib sheets and a quilt. The smaller drawers on the side can hold burp cloths, blankets, etc.. however not a massive amount. My husband and I purchased a wooden storage organizer with wicker bins in addition for diapers, onesies, blankets, etc... that we needed more space for.7. The design of the crib does make it difficult to use standard items i.e... changing pad, mattress, and crib bedding as well. We bought a cute bedding set that I absolutely loved however when we tried tying the bedding set to the crib we immediately noticed an issue. The changing pad on the side prevents you from tying any bedding up without installing a hook or gluing velcro pads (not something we wanted to look at or have our son get his hands on). We were able to bypass this by overlapping the bedding however it does not look as perfect and pristine as it should but we were ok with this as long as it was secure and no loose parts hung off. You might need to check your crib bedding measurements and how it will attach to the crib before you purchase it.All in all the LOOK and functionality of the crib is great. I would give it 5 stars based on this. However the mattress, changing pad, and non-standard design requires special order items and/or no available fix. I haven't tried the toddler mattress yet (since we have not had him) however that was another issue I read in another review. There is no mattress currently available when you convert the crib to a toddler bed.I am not trying to talk anyone out of purchasing this crib however I would read through all the reviews and consider the pros and cons before making your purchase. This crib will definitely stand out and bring your nursery together. We're happy with the crib just disappointed with some of the design- mainly the changing pad.