We just recently got this sleep sack and love it. We had been using the Halo sleep sacks prior and this one is so much better. I love that it is lined and has two layers and has snaps at the shoulders. The cotton seems much softer than the Halo and it's construction is superior. I do, however, have a couple of complaints. First, although I inadvertently bought the one with the glow-in-the-dark zipper, it doesn't work. Maybe if I held it up to the light for a while before putting it on my little guy it would work better but I don't think it would be helpful anyway. My other issue is a complaint that many other reviewers pointed out - the sizing is too small. The medium fits my 11 month old now but it certainly won't fit him until he is 18 months. That being said, I still love it and am going to order another in a large.Update: After using the Sleep Nest for several weeks we have run into a few issues... Our son is a Houdini and can get out of the snaps. I realize that this is an issue that is most likely unique to him but my biggest complaint is that the zipper has scratched his chin up on several occasions. For some reason - maybe because it is a plastic zipper - it is sharp at the end closest to his face. I think this could be easily fixed by Baby Deedee by constructing it with a cloth flap to cover the end of the zipper. The Grobag has this and although the Sleep Nest has softer fabric and seems generally better constructed, we've been using the Grobag as our primary sleep sack.Update #2: Now that we have a second baby, I decided to give the Sleep Nest Lite another shot. We didn't have the zipper-scratching issues with the regular Sleep Nests so I thought that maybe the company had fixed the issue. I was wrong. We have had the same problem with Sleep Nest Lite #2 with our second baby. The fabric (or tape) part of the zipper is sharp. There is still no flap covering it nor any coating over it. Thus, our poor baby girl has had her chin scratched up by it. It's too bad because it would otherwise be a great sleep sack. She hasn't figured out to squirm enough to get out of the snaps, but that could be an issue down the road.