COMMENTS UPDATED BELOWI wanted to love this product but I feel that it is not safe if you are planning to use it for a sleeping infant.We bought this to use on a two week vacation in a standard size graco pack n play.It arrived quickly and did not have the bad smell that other reviewers had mentioned. It was softer than I expected but still adequate for short term use. I probably wouldn't have felt comfortable using it for a newborn but thought it was firm enough for my 9 month old to use. Set up was easy and it had a nice tight fit.My daughter slept well in it and everything was going well until she discovered how to pull the foam up and start playing with it!!! She was able to fold over an entire third of it on her own.  We were letting her sleep in a separate room with an audio baby monitor on at all times and there was no way I would have guessed what she was up to. The obvious concern is that she could get herself trapped or suffocate under the foam. I know there is a disclaimer on the website that children shouldn't be left unattended but even if she was in the same room with us I think it is very likely that we would have slept through this if it were at night. I believe the majority of people who are buying this product are using it for their baby to sleep on while away from home so it would be impossible to watch them all night.To make the best out of a bad situation we ended up putting the foam UNDER the hard pack n play mat. The pack n play mat has a Velcro system to secure it to the bottom to avoid situations just like this one. This way the foam is secured nicely. It is not ideal but thought we might as well get some use out of this expensive product since we can't return it.Very disappointed.UPDATEMamadoo contacted me to help me try and find a resolution to this problem. They have excellent customer service and let me try their own sheets to see if it was simply an issue of sheets not fitting properly and they were concerned I had not wrapped the sheets over the mattress board.  Their sheets are beautiful and do help somewhat, however as an adult I was still able to pull one side of the foam up when giving it several firm tugs. My daughter no longer likes playing in the pack and play, so it is hard to test out whether she is able to still pull the foam up. My own personal solution to this issue has been to sew a loop on two sides of the sheet and then thread the pack n play velcro through the loop and then secure the velcro. This is still not perfect, but gives me a lot more confidence that the mattress will stay down. Mamadoo has told me that they have never had a complaint about this issue before. I believe this would only be an issue with with very strong and persistent babies who are mobile, but I think it is worth sharing.