First of all, I bought this cup for about $4.5 from a local store and it wasn't on sale or anything. The price was for one piece, but nevertheless is cheaper than getting it from here.What do I LOVE about this cup?- It is rather tall (compared to some other sippy cups) and my toddler seems to enjoy drinking from bigger cups more than small cups.- The straw portion which is popped out is longer than most straw sippy cups and it points sideways. This may not be a big deal for some... but for some reason, my daughter enjoys drinking for a straw shaped like this a lot more. It was not easy for me to find a sippy cup with a longer straw.- The straw reaches the bottom of the cup, so no liquid goes to waste.- The straw has a cap on it. Some other cups do not have this feature and hence are not portable.Things I HATE about this cup:- It is not transparent and it is impossible to know if my child drank anything at all without unscrewing the lid.- There is no measurement on it. My daughter is the type of child who is not consistent in how much she drinks at a given time. She drink one ounce only at times, and six ounces at a time at other instances. I need to monitor how much milk she is getting every day and it is a hassle for me with this cup.- The valve of the straw makes it very difficult and annoying to clean the straw.- Assembling this cup is a hassle. You have to remove one part from the lid and then put it back on. I hate that.- It does leak. But I wouldn't worry about this that much if your child is older and does not tend to toss the cup all over the place.A note about the straw:The valve in the straw means that the child must suck hard to be able to drink. While this is not a problem for my child, it may be a problem for some children. Also, I cannot use it for thicker liquids for this reason.I found that there is no perfect sippy cup out there, and whether this is the right cup for you or not really depends on what you are looking for. So I hope my list will help you decide if it is the one for you.EDITED TO ADD:After using the cup for several times, the picture of Dora started scratching off. I bought this cup in particular for Dora since my daughter lover Dora. The cup looks old and over used as a result. I would never buy it again.