I did a ton of research before choosing this stroller and so I'm very disappointed that it's just not what I expected it to be based on the reviews I read and photos I saw. As another customer said, this product is really misleading. According to the Joovy representative I spoke to (who was actually very nice), there was recently a regulation change that required Joovy to lower the recline of the front seat -- so basically, when it's in it's most upright position, it is not even close to being upright. This is not the case with older models, so if you look up images of the stroller in use, you'll see a bunch of pictures of happy kids riding comfortably in the back seat. But that appears to be an older version. Nowhere did I see information about this change so when I purchased the stroller, I assumed it would/could look like the one in the photos I'd seen, but after spending way too much time trying to figure out how to bring the front seat more upright, like the photos online and the manual, we realized that it wasn't possible on our model.What happened was this: I got the stroller just before my baby was born in May, so once we started using it immediately after her birth, we used the carseat attachment and have been using it that way just fine for three months. This whole time, my older son was sitting awkwardly and uncomfortably in the back seat (because of how low the front seat was reclined in order to accommodate the carseat), but we knew it was only temporary until we could put the baby in the front without the carseat adapter. Well, we tried to do that over this past weekend and that's when we realized that the recline we had it set to was actually the HIGHEST possible position! With this set up, a child CANNOT SIT COMFORTABLY in the back on the bench seat because the seat leans so far back. It's not as bad with the Too seat attached so that the child in the back is facing forward, but it's still awkward since the front seat is reclined right into the back child's face.It's too bad because otherwise, it's a great stroller. I would honestly love it if it wasn't for this huge issue, but sadly, this issue makes it uncomfortable for both of our children.EDITED TO ADD: Amazon was awesome and allowed me to return the stroller for a full refund even though the return window had closed and we had been using it for 3-4 months. We got the City Select with the extra seat and are much happier -- two comfy kiddos.