This monitor is very very close to being perfect.  However, if I had it to do all over again I wouldn't buy it.  I found it incredibly helpful but after using it for 6 months I have discovered a huge flaw.  If there is a momentary power outage, even just a split second power outage, the brain (camera/sensor)  will completely shut off and will need to be manually turned back on.  There have been a few times in the 6 months of use where we both swore the monitor was on when we went to bed only to find it turned off when we woke up.  We wrote it off to lack of sleep.  Then a few weeks ago i happened to be viewing the monitor at the exact time that a split second power outage occurred and the monitor didn't turn back on when the power returned.  So, if you buy this monitor make sure to power it via a UPS device in case of a power outage.Related to the first issue, there needs to be a legit on/off switch on the brain.  Holding the angel wing for 3 seconds to turn it on and off is a real pain.  In the middle of the night when you are tired and you hold it down for 2.5 seconds instead of 3 only to have the alarm go off with a baby in your hand sucks.  Also, the grandparents couldn't wrap their heads around the power button, it isn't intuitive, it's gimmicky and very very flawed if the power goes out.The rest of my issues are trivial, there needs to be a dimming adjustment on the monitor.  The UI on the monitor is old school and not at all intuitive, and the nonstop freezing/white screen that happens for 2 seconds once every 30 seconds is annoying.What i do like about it is the range, I can go to my neighbors and the signal is perfect.  The sound monitor works great, the sensor is awesome and gives some great flexibility if you are willing to tinker with it.  I also like the zoom mechanism and the movement indicator.  All in all I would give the product a 4 star review if it weren't for the power issue.EDIT - regarding the recall of this product, a bit of common sense goes a long way.  Don't leave the cord accessible to the child, this isn't rocket science.