Purchased this for use with the Cruz.  First off, it looks sleek.  It fits tightly around the cushioned handle, but holds on securely.  The square cut-out on each side (meant to accomodate the protrusions on Vistas) is a teeny bit unsightly, but it doesn't affect the function in any way -- it does get stretched a bit, however. It is adequately thick and sturdy, and the velcro is strong.The cup holder is quite thin and shallow -- diameter of the cup holder hole is about 2.75" with depth of 3.5" (back side of holder, which is a tad longer than the front part). It is able to accomodate skinny coffee tumblers and the size of small plastic water bottle, but not sure much else. It accomodates my baby's thermos sippy and kid thermos straw bottle snuggly.  My baby's Avent glass bottle sits inside perfectly. I certainly would not place cups with openings and cups with hole on lid (like that on coffee lids) in it, as it's wiggly and sits on a slight angle.Regarding seat recline: unfortunately, it does pose a problem with the seat facing forward.  There are some ways to work around it, however -- like slightly stretching the organizer out of the way.  It is only with the Cruz's canopy at the lowest point and the stroller handles extended all the way that reclining is completely not an issue (see photos). I have the organizer placed as comfortably high on the handle as possible.  If unobstructed reclining is crucial to you, then this product may potentially be annoying and disappointing.The two pockets up top are flat, but with the stretchy material, it can hold phones, ipods and such. The zippered pocket on the underside has a teeny bit more space, and is useful to tuck cash, cards, or keys in.In my opinion, this product is a bit spendy, and I would not have purchased it at full price (good price here at Amazon, but watch it for a few days as the price varies). It is definitely not as practical as I hoped it would be -- its usefulness is a bit limited.  One the plus side, it looks great on the stroller, and it isn't bulky at all.  The stroller also folds nice with this in place, and it is (feel-wise) well-made.  So, if you are willing to compromise some, then this may be a good product for you.