Below is the text of my OXO Good Grips Food Mill review.  I am also posting it here since it is relevant to people considering the RSVP product since this was the product I compared it to.---I compared the OXO Food mill with the RSVP mill online before purchasing. I first went with the RSVP product based strictly on price (since the ratings were essentially the same). The first thing I made was Tomato Sauce/marinara wherein I cooked tomatoes with garlic, herbs, and Olive oil and passed them through the mill. Immediately, I saw there was a LOT of waste with the RSVP mill. The food would just spin around in the top of the mill and not be passed through the holes in the metal disc (coarsest disc used). I shook the thing, ran the crank in the opposite direction to move the food around and reposition it. took out my wooden spoon to 'help' the mill by breaking down the tomatoes more. bit by bit, more and more food got processed but despite all my efforts, I would estimate 10-15 percent of the tomatoes just wouldn't go through, even after 5-10 minutes of cajoling. Let me make something clear here. These tomatoes were canned Marzano tomatoes which had ALREADY BEEN PEELED AND SEEDED - they practically crush themselves. It seemed to me that since the 'bad' stuff the mill was designed to remove was already gone , every bit of these tomatoes should gone through. I had a similar experience with my applesauce attempt using the medium disc. A lot of wasted apples and a rather meager (though delicious!) yield of applesauce.I'd never owned a Food Mill before and just thought this was how they worked...I was browsing Sur La Table one afternoon and they had the OXO mill out on display. The disks caught my eye. They were not just discs with holes cut in them, but were actually shaped to allow the food to pass through them. The holes were raised slightly, almost like the blades of a cheese grater. You could tell by looking at them that much more food would be crushed and pushed through. So I came home and ordered the OXO mill from Amazon as well.Night and day.On my marinara test as well as the applesauce test, the OXO mill ran circles around RSVP. All of the tomatoes went through and the resulting marinara had an excellent texture - not soupy in the least. I cranked less than 2 minutes. The applesauce was perfect as well and the Mill worked as promised - removing the peels and the seeds. In both cases, the yield was much higher.To me, the only thing I think the RSVP mill has going for it is the looks and general quality of construction. It is heavy stainless steel and all of the parts will clearly last a lifetime. It has a distinctly professional/industrial look and feel to it. The OXO has a good weight to it, and it definitely feels like it is well made, but there are some plastic parts (most notably the 'quick release' mechanism for attaching the crank) which leaves me with the lingering feeling that someday, years in the future, this will have to be replaced.Still, I would highly recommend the OXO Good Grips Food Mill to anyone in the market for a food mill for home use. If/When it does fail, I will not hesitate to buy another one (unless of course, it breaks down in like a week (doubtful))