I bought this pump in desperation while my daughter was sick and would not nurse for several feedings in a row (we were out of town). I own another manual pump - the Avent Isis (and use it successfully), but did not have it with me. On the box, the Medela Little Hearts pump is listed for "occasional use", so I thought this pump would fit my situation.  I paid $25.This pump comes with:- 1 breastpump- 2 5 oz. bottles with lids- 6 CSF bags- sample of PureLan lanolin- 4 disposable bra pads- 1 breastfeeding guideThere is nothing at all I liked about this pump, other than it was one of the lesser expensive manual pumps in the store. I can't believe Medela puts their name on this product.Pros:NONECons:The breast shields are hard plastic with no flexibility - you have to firmly hold it against your breast while pulling the "pump" handle in the opposite direction. Not only is this an awkward position, there is no way you can keep up this motion smoothly more than 5 or 6 times in a row! A turkey baster would have been easier. I found that the parts leaked milk while I was pumping. Also, milk spilled out if I did not hold onto the breast shield with the same force as when I pulled the pump handle outward for each cycle. There are 3 settings for the level of suction (Low, Med, High). Med was the most comfortable and smooth, however barely expressed any milk. High was more comparable to the force of a baby sucking, but was difficult to use smoothly (as described above).After pumping, it is simple to unscrew the bottles and store them. Most other brands of bottles and lids were interchangeable with this pump and their bottles, since I have quite a variety already. Washing the pump was a little difficult, as water gets inside the pump "handle" if you wash the whole thing at once, and you can't get inside to dry it. I did not discover how to take the handle off easily, but if you want to spend more time when you wash it, you probably could.  Overall, the quality of the pump parts was very low, so you get what you pay for.All in all, it was a miserable experience and I would never buy this pump again - not even if you are only planning to use it occasionally. It may be useful if you only use it once a month to pump off a few cycles before feeding your child. Otherwise, spend the extra $20 and get the manual breast pump that is designed to be used in a comfortable position.(...)I contacted Customer Service yesterday, and they agreed to ship a new Medela Little Hearts pump, on the off chance that the store where I purchased it would take a return on a sealed package. (It is most stores' policy not to take back breast pumps for hygiene reasons). Customer Service for Medela was not able to issue any type of refund, since I did not purchase the product directly from them.  They also stated that satisfaction is not guaranteed on their products, which is true. (...)