We bought this stroller a year and a half ago, for our first child.  I really like the stroller itself.  It's sturdy (sturdier than the Bugaboo, I thought), stylish and easy to maneuver.  I originally bought it because it had a pram attachment, which we used pretty much exclusively for the first couple of months, after that, it got stored in the garage.  I did tons of research on strollers and knew I wanted something to last but also something that wasn't going to break the bank.  And I'm glad I didn't buy the Bugaboo, because know looking at what I don't like about the Rock Star, looks like the same things I don't like about the Bugaboo.1. No aftermarket snack tray.  When my son was younger, this didn't bother me, but it seems a lot of the newer strollers, unless you go with the traditional Graco model, are lacking in snack trays.  It may not be important when your baby is little, but when they're toddlers, you will do anything to buy yourself an extra five minutes of time.2. The sun shade isn't nearly wide enough.  Even with the plastic visor.  We started out in CA, but even after we moved cross country, I couldn't really go out that much during the summer, because my son wasn't old enough for sun screen, and we didn't get any sun coverage.3. No cup holder for the parents.  I didn't realize how much that annoyed me until I was out with it a few times and I was trying to steer and hold my drink at the same time.4. No storage.  I can manage to shoehorn a lot of (soft) stuff in here, but if you're using it for food shopping or going to the mall, you'll be scrambling.5. The seat doesn't fully sit up.  One of the things I really liked about my friends traditional every day brand name strollers, is that the seat sits up all the way.  The RSB sits up at a slight decline, which makes my nearly one year old son, sit hunched to the side.  I think this annoys him as well.  On the other side, while it fully reclines and does so easily, he's still in the "sitting" position.  He can nap in there, but would you nap with your legs in the air?  I'm noticing this trend on a lot of newer "trendier" strollers.  I want something where he can lay flat, like he did in his pram.6. The wheel base is too wide.  I noticed that a lot of stores don't have room for strollers, and they really won't have room for this one.  Half the time one of us has to stand outside if we're out boutiquing.7. When I first bought this, we had a Graco Safeseat, and the attachment only fit the snugride.  Whether they've fixed this or not, I don't know.  But I couldn't use my frame.8. You have to manually flip the seat around if you want to change direction, which is a pain.  I know some are like this, but others have the ability to just move the bar.Overall, this stroller is a great, well made stroller.  It handles like a dream.  We did have a little sticking with the front wheels over the summer, but a little WD-40 on them and they were right as rain again, and we haven't had the problem since.  It's stylish looking, and works great on any terrain. But I'm guessing that one of reasons they stopped making the cheaper sister stroller, the Infiniti I'coo (basically the same stroller, without the bells and whistles) is because of all of the things that are lacking.We actually tested this stroller out in a store and really liked it, but after a year of using it, I'm more aware of what's really necessary and what's a pain.