So.. My wife and i had tried out the Summer Extra Tall gate and were underwhelmed by the limitations and i was disappointed by the narrowness of the walkthru part of the gate.With that said, we opted to try the Kidco Extra Tall (extra tall so cats cant jump over)..Numerous great reviews prompted us to give it a try.Value: Well, $90 + $25 for an extension makes this by FAR the most expensive baby gate option for us.Installation: It lacked REAL detailed pictures for step by step walkthru.. (i figured it out on my own, but there is no way my wife would have understood this)Use: After it was installed, we began testing and QUICKLY learned after about 15 minutes this was not the gate for us.The part you walk thru was the nicest feature about it. It was 22'' wide. More than enough for my 225lb and 6'1 frame to fit thru - but that is where the positives end...The latch to unlock it feels cheap and flimsy. It feels almost like the plastic youd buy a gallon of milk in. It doesnt flow smoothly to pull up and over.At the bottom, there is a 'bracket' that extends down about 1 inch. This bracket ensures the door is aligned to the frame. When pulling up on the latch, you have to lift the gate up over that inch (doesnt sound like much but the others we have tried you only lift up a little bit and its unlocked.This bottom bracket also causes trouble when it shuts, which i might add does not automatically shut.I was shutting the gate door, and noticed that i several times had to stop for an extra amount of time to ensure the bottom bracket was aligned correctly to the frame. It was a cumbersome process and wasnt what i wanted if i was in a hurry.Other gates just have a metal pin that hangs down, that when it meets the bottom of the frame it simply slides in and shuts very easily.Another feature i just could stand at ALL, was the fact that if you have the gate door open half way and it isnt in the "lift up position", you have to lift it up again. Its kind of odd to describe in this review.oh yea - the supposed stainless steel extension connecting bars were RUSTED when they came! i pulled the first two out, and they were fine. the other two were totally rusted.Its just nothing at all what we want and i am surprised how many good reviews this has.