I purchased the Summer Infant Baby Touch (non boost version) a couple years ago and loved it, however I thought I'd be purchasing an upgrade with this "Boost" version.Here are the key factors to consider for this video monitor vs. the original model:1. The range on it is pathetic in comparison to the original model. We can only get about 30-50 ft. vs 100+ ft. with the original.2. There is a major delay when hitting the "video" button. Usually around 2-4 seconds before video will transmit vs. instant. Sometimes, it won't turn on and you have to power cycle the unit. This happens about 2-3 times a week.3. The battery life is half the original model. We get about 3-5 hours and cannot make it through the night. To compensate for this we end up having to leave the unit in its charging cradle overnight which is unhealthy for the battery. The good thing is this unit will provide audible feedback when the battery is about to run out where as the original does not. I thought I would just purchase another battery as a spare but it's hard to find and rather costly.4. The "boost" or "HD" is noticeable better but ONLY when in daylight and only when NOT zoomed in. So we really only get to take advantage of the better quality during nap time rather than sleep time. This unit provides 3 zoom levels vs. 2.5. This model does not come with a portable battery compartment for the camera like the original does. This doesn't matter to us personally but some may want to consider that factor.6. The touch controls are not as sensitive, making it very difficult to go through menu options such as changing cameras (we use multiple cameras).7. The feel of the unit is much cheaper (lighter hollow plastic feel) vs. heavy duty.8. The reported room temperature is way off, anywhere from 6-8 degrees. I've confirmed this several times with two heat guns. Once you learn that you can compensate for it but its just another annoyance.I thought our unit was bad so I exchanged it for another with the same results. All in all, we wish we never gave up our old unit and want it back! Newer really isn't always better.