My husband and I really enjoyed this monitor for the first few months that we had it. It's so nice to be able to see the baby and know if they are crying because they are stuck in the corner of the crib, or if they are standing up or simply laying down and just whimpering a bit. With an audio-only monitor we had to rush into the room every time he cried, not knowing what was really going on. It also helps with bedtime, knowing that he's simply playing quietly with toys in his crib or if he's actually asleep.We even bought a second camera to put elsewhere in the house so that we could monitor his playtime if we had to run of to the restroom or something else. It was easy to switch between the channels and between the two different video feeds.We never had any real problems with interference from other monitors, though depending on where the monitor was placed in the house it would sometimes have static on the video as well as the audio. Moving it around a few inches in random directions would normally clear this up.However, this morning at 2:00am, I woke to the sound of static coming from the monitor. My husband reached over and tried to turn the video feed on, but it wouldn't come on. Just a black screen and static on the audio. He turned it off and back on, same result. Then he turned the device over and we could see a bright glow coming from the little vents on the back of the device, and could quickly smell the odor of burning electronics. We immediately jumped out of bed and unplugged the device from the wall and took it outside.The device was plugged directly into a wall outlet, not into any crazy chain of surge protectors or anything else, and had not recently been wet or anything else out of the ordinary. It was simply sitting on our nightstand like every other night.So, buyer beware! This device is apparently poorly manufactured and had we not woken up when it started to catch on fire, who knows what would have happened.Thankfully Amazon is amazing and issued a full refund for the device and the extra camera. Thanks Amazon!