I raved about how much we loved these gates after we put them up. Unfortunately, they have not withstood the test of time.Our grandchild is a year old. He just started walking. We have 3 of these gates and at first they looked appealing and kept our grandchild safe. When it comes to design, the gates are so distinctive that they look custom made. And we wanted something that looked attractive and blended well in a home with wood floors - but also a very safe gate.Appealing? Yes. Safe? No.This gate was put in place with the assistance of a pediatric specialist and  experienced childproofer. Even that wasn't enough to prevent serious safety issues! Unfortunately, the tension knobs don't stay tightly in place and the gate actually falls over without warning! To be clear, we followed the directions perfectly ( see more details about that below) and they did fit tightly - for a short while. But it eventually was a frustrating task to try and ensure safety and there was a scary moment when the baby nearly fell when his weight toppled the gate.Given the price and safety concerns, this is unacceptable to us. Also, the lower threshold is just high enough that it presents a possible  tripping hazard for adults .But it took only a couple of times for us to get into the habit of lifting our feet and avoiding problems.  So I'm not sure how serious a hazard that poses.Our grandchild never figured out the door lock mechanism but he is still very young. I know others have noted issues with the baby gate slipping or not staying firmly in place.We did have to pay attention to these factors to try to make sure each gate stayed firmly in place ( but, as noted, they eventually didn't work):1. During installation, we kept the gate level and did NOT assume the floor itself was level (many aren't, particularly in older homes).2. We measured to ensure the gate was installed with each side bar placed an equal distance from the walls.3.  We tightened the top and bottom mounts evenly - ideally,  a two person job..