I give this product 3.5 stars.  Since that isn't an option, it's listed as 3 stars.We've had this chair for nearly two years.  It has had heavy use from first solids to toddler.  It's been climbed in, eaten in, had things chucked from, things spilled in, things smeared in, pooped in, played in, inadvertently napped in, you name it.  It's been hard core tested out.  Does it work as a high chair?  Yes.  Is it considerably smaller than our old Chicco Poly high chair?  Yes, but that bar was really low.  That thing was huge.  Does it have some functional issues that make it a pain to use as a busy parent?  Yes.  So, here goes:Pros - Spacesaving, fits somewhat easily at a normal height kitchen table, fits on most kitchen chairs, stable (chair attaching straps will need tightening periodically, but that will happen with anything like this), less holes and connection points on tray and chair to gather food particles than Chicco Poly (again, bar was low on this one as the Chicco has dozens, many of which are deep and hard to clean), easier to clean than some other chairs, cover does wash easily once removed, cover is pretty easy to remove, webbed straps, shoulder straps are easy to not use or use (your choice), inexpensive.Cons - Tray does not have a removable top (more on this below), arms of highchair sans tray make it difficult to push under a table if you plan to use this as a booster seat (so the child will sit farther away from the table than you may like, even on the lowest height setting), we have not figured out how to fully remove the straps for washing (though, they wipe down fairly easily, so we haven't taken it apart to figure it out), tray requires two hand removal from the high chair.I haven not tried angling the back of the chair back in a reclined position.  How would you successfully do this in an normal dining chair anyway?When I looked at high chairs as a new parent, I didn't consider that the most important thing about them after safety is how easy they are to clean.  You think about them for eating purposes, but not for what happens after.  Kids are messy and you need the ability to get chairs cleaned quickly and easily.  This chair does do a better job of not packing food in the myriad of crevices below the seat and arms (Chicco Poly was fabulous at packing food in impossible to get to places).  The cover comes off after you slip the straps out of the back, which will require some fine motor skills and dexterity.  The seat does have cracks and crevices, but the cover does a pretty decent job at covering them and blocking the nasty.The tray itself has that annoying function that all highchair trays have - the crotch dangle piece also makes the tray unstable on any surface unless it's flipped onto the eating surface.  It is stable when clicked into the high chair itself.  It's small enough that it's fairly easy to clean over the sink (it won't fully fit into a sink unless you have a huge farmhouse-style one or the like).  It stains easily, so if that bothers you, now you know.  It also requires two hands to remove it from the high chair.  Two hands, y'all.  That's important, as you'll likely only have one hand open.Back to the crotch dangle piece and lack of a removable tray.  The issue I have with this is stability when you're trying to load it off of the high chair or store it.  If you want to store it on the high chair, this is not an issue.  However, when your child climbs in himself, you'll want to not have to hold a tray, balance food, and balance another kid while farting with the tray.  So, we leave ours off.  That makes storage trickier, as it's an unstable piece and heavier on one end than the other.  This also poses a loading issue, as it does not sit flat and is easily knocked over.  This is the one thing the Chicco Poly had on this chair - a removable tray.  Now you're probably wondering why I bought a high chair without this function if it's so important to me.  Here's the sucky busy parent answer - I thought it had it and didn't notice that it didn't.  My bad.  So, I'm mentioning it repeatedly here in the hopes that, if this is important to you, you won't make my mistake.Lastly, it has a weird open spot under the seat.  If you have a kid who likes to hide small things, this is a fabulous hiding place for those things.  It also seems to collect crumbs somehow.  Maybe the kid is stuffing those in there, too.  Who knows.  So, if your kid is missing his super special lovie that he MUST have to sleep, check there.All in all, it's been an okay high chair.  I'm looking forward to retiring it.  To do it again, I probably would've gotten the twenty dollar Ikea chair.  It and the Stokke are the only chairs the local moms seem to not hate, and no chair is worth $300.