In December of 2003, after spending a few weeks reviewing and "test driving" strollers for our first baby, I concluded that the Pliko P3 was the perfect stroller for us. In the store, the guy demonstrated it easily opening and closing, standing upright, etc. He also let me fold it up and lift it, and I did the same for a few other brands as well. I even tried out putting the infant car seat in and out, which was really easy in the store. Unfortunately, once there was an actual baby in the carrier, lining up those little clips was really a challenge. Good thing he outgrew his infant carseat so quickly, because he always cried while in it. Another expensive mistake...The fact that it had a tiny cup holder and fairly small basket underneath didn't seem too important at that time. At that point, I started to looking around for the lowest price I could find, and found one online for around $50 less than BabiesRus.We have now had the stroller for 7 months. From the beginning it was difficult to open and close, and it is not getting any easier to open and close (my husband still can't manage to close it without my help) and that tiny cupholder is really a drag when we are shopping because it is too small to hold even a medium-sized drink. And the basket underneath? I would suggest that you wear a backpack or bring someone along to hold your purchases, because there is only so much space for draping bags over the handles.The worst point of irritation happened about a week ago when I discovered that the fabric was tearing under my son's feet. Upon closer examination, it looks like the seam wasn't sewn well, and so the fabric is fraying. I called Peg Perego's customer support and spoke to a woman who was less than helpful, and in fact, fairly rude. Because I hadn't mailed off my registration card, she told me that there wasn't anything she could do for me until I faxed her a copy of my receipt. Unfortunately, the $50 dollars that I saved by buying online invalidated their warranty because the seller was not an authorized dealer, so I will have to send them $50 for a replacement fabric cover.Compared to my friend's Graco that has tons of space, is lightweight, folds with only one hand, and can hold a medium soda (for two people!), I think she made the better purchase.