I bought three of these to outfit my car, my wife's car, and one of the grandparents' cars when our second child graduated to forward-facing car seats. I had previously purchased a "Graco ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat" and loved it, but I was unable to find any more of them when baby #2 turned into toddler #2 and needed a new seat....bummer.Well, this Evenflo model had most of what I had liked about the Graco model, so we went with it. The fabric is nice and the seat is cushy enough to satisfy toddlers who spend a combined total of about 90 minutes each day in them between car pooling and the like. The chest piece is a bit on the flimsy side for my taste, but not nearly as much as most other models available at the time, and so far it has held up just fine for the past year+ so there is really no problem there. The installation and removal is what you would expect. It's able to be swapped in and out with a few minutes' work. I have never had a complaint from the kids, who swap back and forth between this seat and my Graco without notice.My only real issue with this car seat (and it's enough of a pain to lose it a star in my book) is that the straps do not adequately "balance" left and right. Or, perhaps more accurately put, they unbalance themselves far too easily. With a squirming toddler I have a heck of a time trying to get the left and right straps to be the same length by the time I go to tighten down the harness. More often than not, I end up with one strap being tight while the other is still loose. This is not a huge problem to fix, but it means you have to slip the leg straps from one side to the other and move one side of the chest piece around again (all with said toddler still squirming sometimes) in order to try again...and sometimes AGAIN. So after a solid year of this happening a couple of times each day I've lost a bit of patience for this unit. You'll put up with it gracefully for a while, sure, but eventually it will break you. Conversely, the Graco I have (and still use) was a minor pain to get balanced left/right when I first set it up, however I have NEVER had to re-balance the straps since then.For whatever reason, the part under the seat in the Graco just grabs the strap more firmly than the Evenflo does, which means the Evenflo needs constant re-adjustment for the left/right balance.If not for that, I would have easily given this a very solid 4 stars. The Graco still wins (with 5 stars) because I prefer the harness tightening/release system on the Graco (referring to the strap you pull to tighten down the harness, and the lock release you use to loosen the harness).