May this review serve as a humble contribution to the astounding community of parent (and grandparent!) reviewers on Amazon. Thank you all!We are a tall family who needed a high weight-limit, heavy-duty stroller for our twins. We've had this stroller for about a year now. It's an investment, so a detailed review is in order. Let's go for a walk...Pros: Easy Rider.  - This is one smoooooooooth ride folks. Cobblestones, rough pavement, grass, dirt, snow, twigs; doesn't matter. It easily glides over any terrain. It'll put the kids to sleep and make your nanny weep.  - It turns on a dime. (A lot of "jogging" strollers don't.)  - The kids are comfortable, most of the time (see below).  - It's comfortable for long walks, and even with the backs down it doesn't nip the shins. It also has plenty of seat and belt room for blankets, snugglers, wraps, layers, lovies and the like.  - I'm 6' and my husband is 6'4". The (adjustable) handle and the stroller seem built for tall people, and the seats seem built for tall babies and kids. Lots of room for them and no back pain for us. They have a lot of room to grow into it, not out of it.  - The shoulder harnesses are adjustable to a tall height. They are also removable so there can be just a lap belt for the little ones who don't need shoulder harnesses yet.  - You can hang many pounds from the back of it and it won't tip over, even when it's empty. A good tip for grocery shopping, that 20-pound double diaper bag, and root vegetable season at the farmer's market.Cons: Driving The Bus.  For something called the "City Classic" this stroller isn't very city-friendly.  - A parent console would have been nice. Can Mama get a cupholder at least? Paying an additional $50 for one is insulting, especially when it was included with our "cheapie" umbrella strollers.  - The seats are deep buckets and it has canvas sides, so the kids have to lean forward to look around. The natural position of the seat is rather reclined. This seems trivial, but the kids lean forward for an hour+ at a time on a long walk. Also, their legs are higher than their seats. They are both over 30" tall and size 2T, yet it seems like they're sitting in a well. (Hello, in there?)  - It read well online, but the "quick fold" isn't ergonomic or convenient. It's a straight horizontal fold instead of the accordion fold of most strollers. Even folded it takes up a lot of room and you'll need both hands to carry it. The fold also means the handlebar is against the ground when it's stored, so it gets dirty and scraped up pretty fast.  - It's a behemoth. It's so big you can pretend it's a camel and you're in a Silk Road caravan. It's so big that strangers comment on it, and I dare say some cross the street when they see it coming. The width is one of Baby Jogger's big selling points, which is why it's worth discussing.To wit:  - It claims to fit through all "standard doors" but it won't fit through doorways in old buildings, small stores, or any building that isn't updated to ADA standards. In a city like NYC, that eliminates a LOT of options. For example, it doesn't fit through the front door or down the narrow hallway of our old building. Consider the implications of that, logistically, with babies who aren't walking yet. In hindsight that alone would have kept me from buying this model. If you're unsure, measure your daily spaces! - It weighs a ton. 35 pounds doesn't seem like a lot when you see it on sale with free shipping. Trust me, 35 pounds is very heavy.  - It takes up the lion's share of the back of our otherwise roomy Jeep Cherokee. - Unless Atlas himself is with you, forget hefting it through an airport. - You can also forget the subway. Just...forget it. - Unless you're very strong, balanced, and very patient, forget navigating a flight of stairs. When I tried, it took three adults to help me and I got a lesson in humility.  - It will hog a typical elevator, which has forced us to wait for the next one or leave other people to wait. "Sorry, this elevator is full - with my stroller."To sum: this is a great stroller - if you live for the park or nature reserve, have wide open stores and public spaces, and if you own a car with a low, large trunk that doesn't need to carry much else. They should have named it the Suburban classic - it's the size of a Suburban, and fits well in that environment.But if, like us, you live with stairs, subways, old buildings, and narrow everything (halls, sidewalks, doors, etc), I would keep looking.One more note, for you twin parents: we bought two umbrella strollers and connectors. It seemed counterintuitive at first but WOW does it make things easier when we're both out. For restaurants, crowds, subways, and for travel (especially in airports) it's a system that can't be beat. We got the whole rig for $100, and it's been 100% worth it.Cheers!