I will never ever EVER buy anything Baby Trend again. I understand that manufacturing defects occur with mass production so I don't write negative reviews without giving the company the opportunity to fix the issue first. Well, Baby Trend's policies are awful and customer service is no help. I registered for the Expedition ELX travel system because my brother and sister-in-law have it and seemed to like it. I received it as a gift last August, but didn't have a chance to use it until this summer because my son was born in the winter. From the moment I started using it, the entire stroller shook unless the front wheel was locked. BUT when the front wheel was locked, the stroller pulled drastically to the left. I literally could have it facing 45 degrees toward the right and within 5 seconds it was already going left again. This made it impossible to use while walking, let alone jogging, defeating the purpose of  a jogging stroller. When I contacted Baby Trend about the 2 issues, their solution was to send me new bearings to replace the old ones myself...odd that they would require the consumer to fix their manufacturing defect which was present at the point of purchase...plus new bearings could fix the shaking but wouldn't fix the issue of pulling to the left since the alignment of the wheel has nothing to do with the bearing, but instead is caused by the lock unit being installed crooked during manufacturing...but I was willing to go through their steps. The instructions provided to me made it appear that the bearings could easily be removed, which was far from the case. After hammering away for over a day, I called Baby Trend again. Their solution was to use WD40. So after drenching the current bearings in WD40 and hammering away for over 3 days, I was finally able to remove the old bearings and put the new ones in. Well, this didn't fix the alignment issue (shocker!) since again the alignment has nothing to do with the bearings. So I called Baby Trend again, the customer service rep agreed that the misalignment was something that happened at the point of manufacturing...meaning that the stroller was defective from the point of purchase...but that the stroller was no longer under warranty, which is 6 months from purchase. I found this frustrating since I didn't actually start to use the stroller until after the warranty had expired because my son was born in Michigan in the winter and last time I checked, it's not recommended to take a new born out for walks in a stroller in the snow. The customer service rep offered to help me trouble shoot how to realign the front wheel, which I declined because I don't have the tools to do so...plus again, why is it the consumer's responsibility to fix their manufacturing defect. She then offered for me to send the stroller to them to repair it. She would send me a shipping label, but I would need to find a box to ship it in. She said they 'can't' do expedited shipping with FedEx..which last time I check EVERYONE is able to do expedited shipping so what she really meant was that they refuse to pay for expedited shipping... with standard shipping it would take 7-14 days to ship to them and then they would need to try to fix it and then another 7-14 days to ship back. So no I'm looking at waiting a month because they are too cheap to either just replace the defective stroller or to pay for expedited shipping.So here's the take away, you can buy Baby Trend if you don't mind wasting your money and like fixing manufacturing defects for the company yourself.