REASON: This product gets 3 stars because it should have an minimum age recommendation of at least 2y/o and it doesn't. My 18m/o received it when he was 3 months or so and we held off letting him use it for a couple of months. The pros and cons below are based on my observations while watching him play with the toy.LIKES: It's a beautiful piece of art; It advertises as nontoxic (wood with vegetable dyes and hand polishing); it's small, for developing fine motor skills; and it's "Fair Trade"DISLIKES: I would definitely not recommend this product for children under the age of 2. The peg insert on the base of the stacker could easily damage a wobbly baby's soft palate (lifelong injury) if they put it in their mouth and tip over (same for an older teething child who decides to chew on it while standing or walking). The peg poses a real risk to any child who falls on it with any part of their body. (Our family had close calls with this feature, so it was put back on the shelf until my son was about 8 months, when we decided to allow "supervised play.") Even if your child is old enough to avoid the risk posed by the long peg, some of the upper stacking wheels and the cute head can fit entirely into a childs mouth (especially the head). Depending of the size of your child, the pieces could get lodged into their airway. We experienced one of the pieces getting stuck inside our son's mouth, which wasn't a huge risk because he was only allowed "supervised play" with this item. One MANUFACTURINGDEFECT! of the product was that the third wheel hole is too narrow - it's even tough for an adult to get it past the top of the peg. Once past the top of the peg it slides down easily and rapidly, but only with the strength of an adult. This defect made for a frustrating experience for my child. A handy person could easily sand down the center of that particular wheel, which is what we will eventually do.RECOMMENDATION: I'd recommend this product to anyone who appreciates beautiful art, but who is willing to keep it on the shelf until their child is coordinated enough and has the cognitive skills to know what not to put in his/her mouth. The only exception to this would be closely supervised play.