This is our 4th baby crib in the house (foster kids are like puppy dogs... once you see those eyes you can't say no!). All of the cribs have been of the convertible type. We purchased this unseen based on the great reviews (4.5 stars out of 56 reviews at the time). Unfortunately, I wish we had waited to see it in person.The crib itself looks nice from a distance. Once you see it up close though the pieces don't fit together totally flush. Some of the finish is pretty rough and the underside and back pieces have a spotty paint finish. The wood is very lightweight as well. Even fully assembled the crib is not very heavy, although it is sturdy and we have no qualms of putting the little one to bed in it.The instructions were pretty clear and easy follow. I was able to assemble the entire crib in about 30 minutes and that was even having to undo a step to reverse a board that I put on backwards. The only tool required is the hex wrench that is supplied.The 5-in-1 description is also a bit of a misnomer. Our other 5-in-1 cribs came with the necessary pieces to convert the crib to a toddle bed (with the partial front rail), to a day bed (no front rail) to a full size bed (with side rails) that allows for both a headboard and footboard. This crib only converts to a daybed and you can use the back of the crib as a headboard for a full size bed. The front of the crib cannot be used as a footboard. No where in the instructions or online could I find that side rails are even available as an option.All in all, would I buy this again... NO. Will I return it, NO because of shipping cost and price of the item. If I had seen this in person I never would have purchased it. Is it functional and does it serve the stated purpose and do it safely, YES it does. This will most likely find it's way onto a garage sale once baby is older whereas our other convertible cribs will be used as toddler beds, daybeds, and then full beds.So if you are looking for a safe and simple crib then this fits the bill. If you are wanting a nice, classic piece of furniture, you need to spend more money!