When we first received this gate, it appeared to meet all our expectations.  The design is great, the vertical bars can't be climbed by pets or kids, the opening is wide enough so we didn't have to squeeze through awkwardly...seemed like just what we were looking for.  The only downside was that we would have to repeatedly explain to guests how to open it because it isn't necessarily intuitive, but that wasn't a big deal.However, after a few months the latch stopped working properly and rather than closing automatically as it is supposed to, the gate would just bounce a few times and rest until we manually pushed the slider, lifted the gate, and essentially repeated the process you use to open it.  When we contacted DreamBaby about this issue, they essentially told us that we installed the gate wrong and that we should uninstall it and reinstall it.  We did this, more to humor them than anything because we had followed the instructions to the letter in the first place (my husband is an engineer and has remodeled the majority of our house, so it's not like this was too complicated for him).  The gate still didn't latch properly, but even though we were still within the warranty period they essentially stuck to their claim that it was our fault and brushed us off.  Disappointment number one.Our second disappointment with this gate goes beyond disappointment to actual safety hazard (beyond the hazard created by a gate that doesn't latch properly).  A few weeks ago I heard something hit the floor after I closed the gate.  It sounded like metal and I hadn't been carrying anything (other than my 1 year old son who puts EVERYTHING in his mouth), so I figured it must have been something from the gate.  Sure enough, a small screw had come loose and fallen off of the top hinge - a huge choking hazard and also enabling the gate to just fall off when it was opened.  Thankfully I found the screw before my son did!  We contacted DreamBaby again, and they basically said they were glad our son didn't find the screw (gee thanks) and that the gate was outside the warranty period so they couldn't replace it.  They did offer to send a replacement hinge that they claim will fix the problem...but in the meantime we have replaced and retightened that screw twice and it continues to fall out.For such an expensive gate that is designed to be "permanently" screwed into the wall, I would certainly expect better quality and a longer life than 2 years.  I would also expect a company making child safety products to show more concern when their product fails as this one has.  Maybe this is an ongoing issue or maybe ours is a fluke defect, but we will certainly never purchase a product from this company again or ever recommend them to anyone else.