I had more than 12' to span, so I needed to purchase this along with an additional section (2 pieces) to span my living room.For the most part this product is OK. I made it work in our space to close off our living room from the dining room.The cost of this unit is much less than other similar ones.  I was OK with modifying parts of this baby fence to make it work, but others who are not handy may want to consider some of my points here.The overall metal construction is good. It feels pretty sturdy.  The gate mechanism is decent, most adults can work the mechanism with 1 hand.  The gate requires pressing a button on the gate post and then lifting up on the door to unhook it. My baby (1yr old) would certainly not be able to open this, and the door is sturdy enough for her to press and push on it without causing any trouble.  Also I have this on a hardwood floor, and the feet joining the sections have adequate cushion to protect the surface. However, some adults will get frustrated here as it does take some practice to open.However there are some minor issues to consider.First of all, spanning a long distance does not make for a stable fence. This is probably not a shortfall of this product in particular; after some distance the structure just is not rigid enough to stand up to a baby or toddler who will press / push against it. Even if you purchase additional sections and plan on creating a few angled sections, keep in mind that on a smooth floor, most babies can push and flex a fence like this if the span is very long.  I have this on hardwood floor making it more of a challenge. I you have a carpeted area, the span could probably be a bit longer, but there is point where the length and mass of the structure works against you.The sections are designed so that they can only be used in groups of 2 (even amount of sections).  Each singular section is made with either 2 top or 2 bottom hinges.The brackets which attach to the walls seem OK, but I am not convinced they will withstand aggressive toddler abuse. Each side gets a top wall mount, and then a lower one which is attached to the post.  I think I would feel better about this if there were 3 connection points on the wall instead of 2.  But also remember I am spanning more than 13' so as the length of the fence increases so does the leverage a baby has to move the whole structure.There is a small flaw in how the fence sections are made (needing even number of sections) and the wall attachments. It it not easy to describe ... but by design one side will fit very securely due to that section having an integrated bottom-cap to reinforce the post. The other side does not have this and requires adding a separate (included) cap which doesn't quite tie the post bottom to structure of that section. The included cap also doesn't screw into the post it is meant for, adding to its flimsy design. I think I also remember this cap not having good cushion to protect hardwood floor.HACKS to make this work:First: I was not satisfied with the flex on this long span. The leverage my baby has could have easily caused trouble as she climbs up and presses against it.  To resolve this, I got some super strong thread from the fabric store, and sowed 3-4 sections of the fence directly to the edge of an area rug on the baby's play area. Believe it or not, this adds an incredible amount of strength to long spans, and prevents baby from flexing the fence.  If you do not have a rug you could try using an inexpensive runner for this.  If you have carpet on your floor and do not mind putting screws into the subfloor, I would also suggest getting some brackets from home depot and fastening the fence in a few locations to add strength.Second: If you need to use an odd number of sections, you will need to do some slight modification to the odd section.  The ends come off easily with a screw driver.  Detach the needed joints from an unused section and attach them to the end of your odd section.Third: One side seems a bit flimsy by the wall due to how the post needs a separate included cap that doesn't attach well.  If you have a left over section as I did, I would suggest removing one of feet from that and screwing it to the bottom of the post. It might look funny, but screwing it in adds a lot of strength and also protects hardwood floors better.I hope this helps.  Seems like a quality product and I would buy this again -- but I am rather handy and don't mind saving some money at the expense of modifying things to make them work for me.