We are very, very conflicted about this.  When this device works, it's really wonderful: we can check in over the internet, and I have successfully sang my baby back to sleep even from my office!  Amazing!But here's the thing: you want to know when your baby wakes up and starts crying in the night, right?  Seems like a pretty normal, obvious, important thing for a baby monitor to do, right? Maybe even a *requirement* for a baby monitor?The Withings Smart Baby Monitor will not stay connected to your wifi network.  It will disconnect, and it *might* tell you that it disconnected, but it won't automatically reconnect.If I had the power, I would fire every single one of the product team over this one, ludicrously stupid failure.  This is like a 2-lines-of-code fix: JUST MAKE THE DAMN THING AUTOMATICALLY RECONNECT.  When it disconnects and we happen to see it, we can just hit the button again and it reconnects.  HOW ABOUT DO THAT AUTOMATICALLY?  Imagine!  What an idea!  Now, it *says* it *tried* to reconnect, but couldn't, and yet: I can make it reconnect just by hitting the switch again.  SO HOW ABOUT DO THAT AUTOMATICALLY?  Please, please, please just put it in a while() loop. I would happily do it for you.  PLEASE.I DREAM of confronting the people at this company: Do you people have brain damage? How did you all get engineering and product management jobs in the first place? Can I just sit down and fix your code FOR YOU?  What mentally disabling drugs did you take to make you release a product so fundamentally, basically flawed that has such a simple solution? Is this company some kind of charity that employs engineers that couldn't get hired anywhere else?  If I interviewed someone who worked on this product I'd beg them to explain, if I didn't order them out of the room immediately.So, if you're listening at all to your customers, Withings, please hear me: JUST MAKE THE APP AUTOMATICALLY RECONNECT.  IT'S REALLY NOT THAT HARD.  I almost (not actually) wish there would be an accident just so someone could sue this insane company into fixing their product, and refund everyone's money.