Let me start by saying this is a great concept. I purchased these bottles before my son, who is now 10 weeks old, was born. I planned to breastfeed exclusively. I planned to pump into these bottles. I even took a reviewers advice and got extra large bottles and short liners (which I wouldn't advise to anyone). I liked the idea of not needing to wash a million bottles. I didn't have a dishwasher at the time. (We now do... and maybe I would have stuck with these had that not been the case). I also have a psychotic cat that continually custom selected baby items from the dish drying rack. Drove me nuts.Nothing went to plan. I ended up supplementing my breast milk with formula after one month. My son eats a ton and these bottles don't really do well with formula.POWDERED FORMULAPowdered formula (which I can't stand) doesn't mix well in this bottle. Also, despite the wonderful design for keeping air out... you have to shake powdered formula. Thus, there's air in there and your baby will be gassy.LIQUID (RTF) FORMULAFormula is expensive. Pushing the air out of the bag is a GREAT concept. But when the bag exploded on me twice... I was upset. And reading reviews, I have to say I thought people were just pushing to quickly and clearly that would never happen to me. But it did. Twice. And with a screaming baby... it's really better to have bottles that are ready to go. (Even if prepared, you need to push air out of the bottle... and that takes time).BREASTMILKI don't pump enough to fill these bottles. Pumping takes a lot of time. So.. After I pump my four ounces, I don't want it to explode. And I don't want it to go bad from having so much exposure to air... And if I'm pumping, I'm not feeding my child right away. He eats all the time. Thus, I stopped "expressing" because it seemed to be a waste of time. Why pump into a bottle just to feed it to him right away? (I'm empty after I finish pumping). Now... in the first few weeks, my son killed my nipples. So, pumping into the bottle came in handy. The pump was much kinder. I didn't care if he destroyed silicone. (He didn't... but I'm just sayin'!).I had no problem with the lids on these bottles. I actually prefer these caps to the "newer" ones I found at Babies R Us (for a much higher price). The plastic is sturdy. I liked the silicone nipples because I could boil them (and now I can put them in the dishwasher). This brand is kind of wonderful because they make a variety of bottles and the nipples can be used with different bottles.I didn't hate the bottle enough to say you shouldn't try it. But I didn't like it enough to continue using it. You do not need "extra" exterior bottles. The set comes with enough. The comparison would be like buying a bunch of vaccuums for your vaccuum bags. Since you don't need to wash the exterior anyway... what you have is plenty.