Bought this Samsung SEB-1014RW camera as an additional camera for my Samsung SmartVIEW Baby Monitoring System (SEW-3034).Pros: Camera paired quickly and flawlessly. The video and audio are clear in both daylight and night vision. As other reviewers stated, click the "A" button on your baby monitor to have it automatically scan your paired cameras or click the "M" button to manually select and view just one camera.Cons: I intended to use this as a portable camera, moving it to the play mat, playpen, or to my bed when my little one was napping for short periods of time. If you were planning to purchase the optional rechargeable battery (SEA-B100) for this camera model, the battery has been discontinued by Samsung and cannot be found anywhere. I called Samsung and they said this was an old product and recommended that I buy separate rechargeable batteries and charger. There is no longer an option to have a battery pack we can charge within the camera base using the ac adapter. Duracell batteries drain very quickly, maybe 3 hours of occasional use, less if using night vision. When the batteries are low, the camera emits a screechy noise on the baby monitor. Sounded like terrible interference. The noise went away when I plugged in the ac adapter. Also, I've contacted Samsung Support (1-877-349-3149) quite a few times in the past, and they will answer your call, however they are not very knowledgeable with their products, can give you the runaround, don't return calls as promised, and need customer service training.Side note: The SmartVIEW monitor does not utilized the lullabies and the temperature sensor. But I have used the Samsung Wireless Video Security Monitoring System (SEW-3030) and agree with other reviewers that the lullabies sound terrible from the camera speakers and the temperature is always off by about 10-15 degrees. I also don't use the sensitivity alarm because it is very alarming when it vibrates. Unfortunately using the "beep" function is not viable because it causes all the buttons to beep when pressed which is not fun to have in middle of the night when you want to adjust the volume, but I digress.My three star review is based on the clarity of the video and audio from the camera, how easy it was to pair, the quick battery drainage, and that the optional rechargeable battery is really not an option.