There are some things that I love about this stroller frame and some things that I really dislike.  I have been using it for 7 months and have not used a stroller frame before, so I can't really compare it to others.  I used the Macclaren XLR with attachment for my first baby 5 years ago, but wanted something that didn't require me to attach and detach an accessory each time I want to use the stroller.Pros:My Peg Perego clips in (which is what I was looking for initially - many other frames only attach via a strap, which would be a 2nd step)Structurally sound (we have even taken this on dirt paths at the park and it performed reasonably well with no damage to stroller...I have also over loaded this with bags and it has been very stable - with baby in it)Storage underneath is quite large.  I can fit a medium-sized backpack down there with some room to spare.  I can't get the backpack out after I put the carseat in, but I can get access to the contents via the front of the stroller which I consider a plus because my backpack is more secure.Side-orientation is nice, especially when I am outside with baby, but is not worth the cons below.Cup holders are very steady, large, not on top of baby, and very useful (but they get in the way sometimes)Cons:This thing, while fairly light-weight, is HUGE for a stroller frame.  After putting bags and coats on it, I would call it a monstrosity.  I had not used a stroller frame before, so didn't think much of it until I went to a baby store (after already using this) and saw a chicco frame.  The chicco frame is much more compact.  In addition to being huge on its own, the Joovy is also as thin as your car seat is long, since it is put in sideways.  This should have been obvious to me before ordering, but, apparently, I'm an idiot.  I don't know if my car seat is longer than others, but once I put it in, the stroller becomes very wide.  I can get through doorways, but I have to make sure they are open wide and once in, it is sometimes hard to maneuver around tight stores.  This is not a deal-breaker for me, but might be for others.  This process is not helped by my older child who likes to run into parking lots.  Pulling this thing up to the table at restaurants is often do-able, but sometimes not because it is so huge.The side orientation only allows each type of car seat to only go in one direction.  So, my Peg Perego can only be put in facing left.  Probably because I am juggling this with two kids and two different cars, so I can never remember which direction it goes in, so I have to stand there and read the label each time.  Again, not a deal-breaker for me, but an annoyance that I did not anticipate when I ordered this thing.This is a fairly minor con, but you have to put the brakes on the left and right side separately, so putting on the brakes is a two-step process.  It is not difficult (step on a lever on each side), but I would prefer a one-step.Would I buy this one again?  Maybe, but I'm not sure.  The only reason to buy this, for me, is because my Peg Perego clicks in and I am an over-cautious nutcase (which is why I chose the Peg Perego to begin with).  However, after dealing with the cons above, I would reconsider the strap-attachment system.  There is a strong likelihood of me selling this thing (for a not-so-great price now that I have entered this review) and trying out something else if I end up having a third.