I have been using three sippy cups exclusively for my 15 month old son. Sorry in advance for the length.... I'm just trying to help people save a little money and frustration by sharing my experience.Munchkin Click Lock Straw Cup (we have 6)Size - 9 oz., but there are no ounce indicators on the cup and until I looked online I didn't know how much it held.Cleaning and Dry time - Two piece straw, lid, lock, and cup. I have to use a special bottle brush to clean the cup part because it is too narrow to fit my hand and sponge. The only issue with drying is the soft rubber straw portion collects water in the neck and I have to blow it out. Wiping the exterior after a messy meal is a process because of the ridges and uneven surfaces.Assembly - 5 pieces and honestly not my favorite activity after putting DS down for the night.  Assembling this one is finicky and until I learned the tricks, it was hit or miss when it came to ease of drinking for my son. You have to put the soft rubber straw in and pull hard until you hear an audible click.  Then assemble the hard straw by pushing it in in a circular motion until it doesn't go any farther. This creates a nice seal. Unless it's put together perfectly, sucking is very difficult if not impossible. My husband quit trying and refuses to use this cup.Leakage - It leaks. Most of the time it leaks out of the top of the straw because he left liquid in it. Sometimes there's an air bubble that pushes a small amount of liquid out of the top.  I have yet to see a leak coming from the lid and cup seal. Long story short, I'm not comfortable with it sitting sideways on furniture. We don't use the straw-lock feature unless it's in a bag.Summary - Assembly is annoying and I don't like having to use a bottle brush to clean the cup.  When getting ice from the refrigerator I have to create a funnel with my hand so the ice goes directly into the cup; if I don't, ice goes all over the floor because of the small opening.  It's not my favorite sippy, and I only use them when the other sippy's are in the dishwasher.OXO Tot Straw Cup (we have 4)Size - 11 oz/300mL. I LOVE that the ounces are marked down the side of the cup so I know exactly how much he is drinking.Cleaning and Dry time - Two piece straw, lid and cup. I can fit my hand and sponge inside the cup to wipe it down before putting it in the dishwasher. Big plus.  The straw pieces dry nicely and no water collects anywhere for the most part. This is my favorite meal time cup because the exterior is smooth and easy to wipe down.Assembly -  Very simple.  Pull the soft rubber straw piece in until it locks in place. Put the hard straw piece in and fasten the lid.  Nothing fussy about this one. Husband will put this style together (successfully).Leakage - It leaks if it's sideways, but I've had less leaking from this than the Munchkin cups.  We don't use the locking feature unless it's going in a bag.Summary - It's not my favorite cup for crib or play time, but I absolutely love it for meal and snack times. Wiping it down is super easy. It's also easy for getting ice because the neck is so open; I don't have to hold my hand in a special way to get the ice in.Thinkbaby Thinkster Straw Bottle (we have 3)Size - 9 oz/260mLCleaning and Dry time - Two piece straw, lid, lock shield, handle, and cup. This one is six pieces, but unlike the Munchkin you don't have to work as hard to get it functioning. For cleaning purposes I don't like that the short straw piece has a closed end because water gets in there and you have to suck it out or it will sit stagnant (however, this feature prevents leaks so I tolerate it). The rest is an easy clean and assemble. Not easy to wipe down after meals if the handle is on the cup. Downside: have to use a bottle brush.Assembly - Simple. The first couple uses I found a little difficult to thread the small straw section into the lid, but it got easier after a couple tries. I like that you don't have to assemble the whole cup before use; sometimes I leave off the handle and other times I don't put on the locking shield. However, my son really likes flipping the locking shield down and up, so I can't leave it off as often as I'd like.Leakage - Zero leaks. Because the straw end is closed, I haven't had any leaks whatsoever and I have never used the locking shield.Summary - Absolutely amazing sippy cup. I use it for every occasion except meals because I don't like wiping around the handles.  The small-ish neck opening makes it less convenient for putting ice in the cup.After three months of trial and error, this is our sippy situation:  OXO is for meal time and Thinkbaby is for naps and drinking throughout the day. Munchkins sit on the shelf and are used as back up. Hopefully this helps.