I was reading the reviews of this product and noticed the mixed reviews. I totally understand why. This monitor either works or it doesn't. Let me explain.....I bought this monitor when my 2 year old's video monitor's battery exploded (totally different review). I loved this monitor. Channel one or two sounded crystal clear in every room of the house, which is saying something because we've had 3 different monitors and none of them would come in ANYWHERE. We could hear the clock ticking in her room, her nose whistle, and even the sucking sound of her getting a drink from her sippy cup. The only downsides were there were no warning sounds when the monitor was out of range or not working, and it buzzed and hummed alot if it was plugged in next to anything electrical. The other downside was that it only had 2 channels, which didn't really bother us because we had such good luck with the 2 it had. But we found a spot where we got great reception and no humming and all was well. Then my son needed a monitor....I bought another one because I loved the first one so much. I wanted to put his on channel 2 and hers on channel 1 and then when I went into the shower I only needed one monitor and could switch from one channel to the other to listen to them sleep. That's what I thought. When I got the second one home, I set it up and didn't even check the reception because I knew the other one worked anywhere. Well, because it doesn't ding when it's not working I had no idea it wasn't working at all. Luckily, I heard him crying thru my daughter's monitor two doors down the hall! I tried everything to get the second one to work properly, and all I could get was very faint sound no matter how much it was turned up. I could put the reciever 5 feet way from the nursery and get a tiny peep every once and a while. I am totally frustrated with it and am going to return it.So really, all of the reviews are correct, it just depends on the luck of the draw. Some are defective, and some are the best monitor I have ever owned. I gave it 3 stars because it is 50/50 whether or not you get one that works. I would recommend trying it because I love my first one, but if the one you get is defective like my second one, return it and get another one and you may get one that works great.