DO NOT ORDER!!! PLEASE READ FIRST. I know what you might be thinking... Reading reviews and thinking that its not that bad of a product. When we read them we noticed that the product either worked or was defective but that if the product worked it was good. Now we are out $50. So as most women who are having a baby do I prepared and ordered all my baby stuff a little early and the pump was a part of that order (about 60 days from my due date). I was unable to test it obviously because I hadn't had the baby yet and my milk wasn't in. So when it came time to use the pump it fizzled out and broke leaving burn marks in the suction tube! FIRST TIME I WENT TO USE IT. We immediately called the company to request a refund and the asked us to submit an email. Ok, no problem right? So we submit the email request. The company never responded over a period of two weeks. We called to see what was going on and the lady on the phone told us we could not have a refund NO MATTER WHAT since we were over the 30 day from purchase period. It was exactly 49 days from the time we ordered it to the time we made the request. REALLY? COME ON... REALLY? She told us that we should have tested the product as soon as we got it... to which our response was that wouldn't have been possible since we had no breasts availible that had milk in them :) She said "that is irrelivant to our company's policy". So for being responsible adults and ordering baby stuff a little bit early to be prepared we got stuck with a broken pump. It didn't matter at all to the company that they had sold a product that was completely defective and actually could have hurt someone considering the look of those burn marks. Judging by other reviews on this product it looks like a high number of them are defective and don't work at all, I would venture to guess at least 10% of all pumps from this company. That combined with the aweful/upsetting level of customer service given and complete lack of caring would make it an easy decision to not buy this product. TRUST US GET ONE WITH BETTER REVIEWS, IT WILL BE WORTH THE EXTRA $20. DO NOT BUY "The First Years" Products.