This is my first ever review on Amazon.  I'm only writing because people need to be aware of the type of doorframe that will not accomodate this lock.  This is a great item, but before you buy, please examine your doorframe.  There is a narrow strip of wood that your door hits and pushes against when you close your door.  (about 1/4") Look on the backside of this strip.  If it is flat, i.e. parallel to the door (when it is closed), then you are OK to use this device.  However, if it is more decorative with a bevelled edge, the door stop on this device will just slide over this narrow strip and the door will always open and be useless.  This is hard to describe.In order to get this to work for me, I need to find a narrow square dowel if wood (about 1/4" X 1/4" X 3-4"long) and nail it to the doorframe so that this device will pull against it and prevent the door from opening.  My other option is to chisel out a section of the bevelled edge so that the door stop won't slide over it.Also, please note that the door will only close completely if you have enough of a gap between your door edge and your doorframe to accomodate the width of the device. You need about 1/8" minimum.  Otherwise, the door will always be open, or you will constantly "rub" the frame and put stress on the door hinges, just to close the door properly.Someone also had a question about about whether or not you can have the lock such that a toddler cannot open the door at all, or does it only allow the door to be opened a few inches at minimum.  My answer is that the door must have some "play" in it so that an adult can disengage it.  It is impossible to have the door not open at all when a child twists the knob.I will say that I think this is a good device but it has its drawbacks.1. It will not work on some doorframes without modifications.2. It may not allow your door to close "all the way" to the point where the knob latch engages into the frame.3. If you must have your door completely, or near completely closed, and just want to prevent the child from fully opening the door, you run the risk of your child smashing their fingers.  (There is a way to partially get around this, but it depends on measurements of your frame and pushing the gray latch in such a way that it still springs out when the door is opened)4.  The only real way both prevent the child from fully opening the door, AND prevent from smashing fingers is to always have the door partially open a few inches.5. There is no way to prevent the door from not being opened at all.Think of this item like one of the cabinet and drawer latches that you screw or stick on.  The ones that come in two pieces. One that you put on the door and the other that screws to the cabnet frame.  The child can pull on the door and the device on the door "catches" the device on the frame such that the child cannot open the door any further.[...] Child Safety Latches, 12 PackIf an adult wants to open the cabinet, you just push down on the spring loaded portion on the door to disengage it.  You ever notice that your child can smash his/her fingers?Then they came out with one that reaches a threshold beyond which the door cannot close any further.Mommy's Helper Safe-Lok Cabinet Door and Drawer LockThis lock is not designed for this, but if you carefully push in the gray bar without it "clicking" in place, you can get a similar effect. See #3 above.This is a similar concept just that this door lock does not have two peices.  You must have a doorframe that provides the "catch" portion of the lock.  If not, you have to make you own "catch" like I have to.I hope this review helps.