OverviewMy husband and I bought this gate to contain our 9-pound, very slender mini poodle in our kitchen for the hours we are away at work.  The aesthetics and basic functionality of the North States gate are superior to the lattice-work baby gates we had been climbing and tripping over and having to use two of to achieve adequate height. However, the installation was an exercise in frustration.  And there's a potential vulnerability for those who install this gate to block a 35.5" width opening, as we did--3.25" gaps of open space on both sides of the gate (i.e. that a small, slender dog might try to squeeze through).Below I have compiled the portions of other Amazon reviewers' reviews that we found most helpful as we struggled and struggled with installation, and added a bit of new material (final heading) that we saw no one else having mentioned but which to us was relevant (re: the 3 1/4" gaps you'll have on both sides if installing in a 35.5" opening).Why It Comes BentOne reviewer noted, very helpfully, that, "When you unpack it, the gate won't close and it looks like it's bent.  Don't be alarmed.  It is bent on purpose so you can gauge how much to tighten it when you're installing it."About the Bend: Too Much Tension Needed?Another reviewer noted that the bend/distortion is part of the design of the tension. When it is properly mounted, the "bend" is straightened out. However, depending on the width you install the gate at, accomplishing this straightening is going to require A LOT of tension -- so much tension that the gate could begin to push your stair banister at an angle, for example, and pull the nails out of the wall where the banister is mounted to the wall, perhaps. (This was not our problem.  At our 35.5" width we had the opposite problem of not tight enough, but I am including this other reviewer's insight in case it might help others.) This same reviewer noted she had to remove the gate after a few days. But doing so also meant pulling off the mounting stickers that come as part of the hardware (no extras included). She concluded, then, she wouldn't be using those again.That particular reviewer said she disagreed with some of the comments that it moves when bumped or pushed. She found it to be super sturdy and tight... Too tight. (Our experience has been the opposite because we are using the gate for one of the awkward widths, 35.5".)Known Issue #1:  35.5" Width IssueIt's too loose for our doorway which is 35 1/2 inches, as it's too narrow for both extensions, but too wide for using just one extension.  Our only option was to use just one of the extensions--and then **max out** the screw drive stops on the ends. When you do this, the gate is just not very sturdy or tightly mounted in place.  Hopefully our dog won't batter and batter the gate and eventually figure out that he can just push it down.  If you have a 35 1/2-inch opening you're wishing to seal with this gate, prepare for disappointment and/or anxiety over whether the gate has installed tightly enough.  Only time will tell if our poodle is going to push this gate down while we're away at work!Known Issue #2: 31.5 - 32.5" IssueSimilar to Issue #1, an astute reviewer noted that, "...if your opening is 31.5-32.5" wide you will find that the gate isn't wide enough without an extension but too wide with one installed."Known Issue #3: Possible Factory DefectWhen attempting to install it, one reviewer was unable to make the extension fit on the bolt. After MUCH frustration and looking closely at the bottom of the extension, that reviewer realized the plastic part at the bottom had been placed in the extension upside down at the factory. The reviewer was able to pry it out with a screwdriver and a pair of pliers and turn it around; after which the reviewer was able to install the gate within 5 minutes.Known Issue #4: If Using the Gate to Hold Back A Dog/Child Who'll Grip and TugOne reviewer writes the following: "I would recommend screwing it into the wall if you are using this for children. A friend's kids were over, and they couldn't figure out the lift and push deal. Instead, they started pushing and pulling, and the paint now needs to be touched up. Also, it has to be perfectly aligned in order to close automatically; I nudged it with the laundry basket accidently, and it took a little bit of adjusting to get it back to the right spot."Installation TipsHere was one of the best tips we found from other reviewers' reviews, the reviewer who provided the following set of installation tips.  Hats off to that reviewer!  His installation tips follow here unedited."The installation, especially with the extensions, can be tricky. I laid the gate down on the carpet, fitted the pins and extensions on, then used the plastic protective wrapping to tie the extensions to the gate frame. Another piece was used to hold the gate in the closed position. This made the assembly much easier to manage.My installation process went as follows. 1) With a 36" level, make two pencil marks slightly above where the disks will go. Use a roofing square or other large right angle to transfer a matching baseboard mark to the other side. Don't bother making the other mark on the other part of the wall.Dry fit the cups on the first wall centered under the marks. Fasten the baseboard cup to the wall. Dry fit the upper cup and fasten that in place next. Now place the baseboard cup on the other side. At this point, start extending the screws for the pressure fit. Keeping the upper gate frame free on the opposite side will allow you to make the small adjustments for the gate to close square. Once that's achieved, mark where the cup is set, tilt the gate down, fasten the cup to the wall, and retighten the pressure screws."Once It's Installed, You Can Customize How It OpensOne reviewer helpfully notes the following.  "The gate opens via a 2-part process. First, you use your finger to slide a piece backwards, then you lift up on the gate and swing it in either direction. Because we are using the gates for pets and not children, I slid the piece back and then wrapped a rubber band around it to keep it back. That way all we have to do to open the gate is just the lift-up step. This is perfect for us and makes the gate that much easier to use."Not Really Re-Positionable as AdvertisedAnother reviewer notes the following.  "The product description indicates the gate is held in position by tension and doesn't require a hardware attachment to the wall, etc. This indicates you could move it easily from place to place, but this is not true! If the gate is moved, the tension controls fall apart and you have to reassemble them all over again at the new location. We liked the gate very much and played with it in the hopes we could figure out how to keep the tension mechanism in place, but nothing would work, so we had to return it to Amazon. If you leave the gate in one position, this is a wonderful gate for you. If you desire easy portability from one place to another, it may not be your cup of tea!"Maybe Not So Durable with Frequent UseAnother reviewer noted the following.  "The only con is that it has a plastic latch on top that does seem to wear down and then not connect well unless you lock it. But, fortunately, it does have a connect on the bottom that keeps it from opening all the way when top is not latching right! If you lock it, it can be inconvenient if you need to go through it often like we do."Aesthetics with ExtensionsA different reviewer had a tip about aesthetics.  "When you have to use the extensions it leaves an exposed bright silver screw. The finish is nowhere near what the gate presents on its own. I made a trip to the automotive store and bought some black rubber hose and wrapped it around the silver exposed part. The gate now looks perfect and the appearance fix cost me all of 3 bucks. I will try and get some pictures up soon."Tips for Cleaning (If Installed Against Drywall)"My only [quibble] about these gates," writes another reviewer, "is that the attaching points that put pressure on the walls end up moving over time if its pushed against drywall due to the drywall softness. if you are going to install these I suggest putting at least 2 or 3 inches of space on the bottom so when you sweep you can get the dirt that accumulates there."We Dislike the 3.25" Gaps at the Sides, as Installed in Our 35.5" DoorFor our purpose of containing a small and thin, but determined, miniature poodle in our kitchen, only time will tell if this gate is going to work.  The 35.5" opening we installed this gate in is one of the "awkward" widths.  So the gate is not very tightly in place.  And, to add insult to injury, on either side, where the screw drives are all the way extended (having had to be maxed out, since our door opening is one of the awkward widths this gate is not well suited for), there are 3 1/4-inch gaps left that are going to look very tempting for a determined little poodle to try to squeeze through, potentially.  I guess we'll see.Best of luck to others, though.  It is, at least, a better-looking gate than cheap baby gates.  A nice gate, but *only if* your width is one of the ones the gate will fit nicely.