My husband and I were looking for a relatively inexpensive glider for our nursery, knowing that it will probably get spit-up, beat up, and used up before baby's feet touch the ground while sitting in it. I found the reviews on Amazon pretty polarizing... some people claiming it was 5-star, best deal ever... and some people snapping pictures that made me think, "gee, what a piece of junk."  My husband is an athletic 6'2, 210#, and I am a pre-pregnancy size 16/18 that is over the weight limit while pregnant. This added to my anxiety about whether or not this was a good purchase.Ours arrived promptly (thanks, amazon prime), box wasn't beat up, parts were all present, no obvious manufacturing issues. From dragging it into the house and to full assembly = 30 minutes by a 5-month pregnant lady. Definitely needed a snack and nap afterward, though :)The beige material is a microfiber without any design. It didn't stink up my house, like others experienced. The box is about 50# and awkward to handle, so have an extra set of hands around to help. Here's the scoop: I'd give this 3.5 stars. This is not a quality piece of furniture. It looks ok in the room from a distance, but the fabric is not high quality, the sewing is of marginal quality, the paint job is skimpy, and it's literally held together by like 12 bolts. However, that said - it's absolutely perfect for us. It glides well, it's not making any noises yet,  it's a little on the firmer side, and let's be real: the best part of this piece of furniture is the price: It's less than $200 for both the rocker AND ottoman. It fits well in a smaller nursery, but accommodates my not-so-small frame.Oh! The "lumbar pillow" is a joke. If you are buying this because of the pillow, I think you will be disappointed. Both hubby and I picked it up, looked at it like, "wow, are they serious with this?" and promptly threw it off the chair.Anyway, I was nervous buying this, half expecting broken MDF firewood and smelly upholstery in a box.  But, we got lucky. I think it will serve its purpose fine, and I like the price. No issues with this rocker yet. I'd say give it a shot - it might just surprise you, too!