I'm a bit new to the whole cloth diapering thing, but I just had twins so I'm able to really evaluate the test of these in a short period of time.  The designs are ridiculously cute, I really love them.  The diapers themselves are also very soft.  I in particular love the cheetah print one, it's so so cute!  However, the sizing on this is a bit off, even with the rise.  One of my twins is in the 25% range in terms of height and weight, but none of them fit him at all.  He's a bit on the thin side (still normal range) so I can forgive that.  However, my daughter is 70% on weight, and 60% on height, and it still doesn't quite fit her that well.  I end up using these diapers on her, and prefolds with a wrapper on the boy, but I've already had several blow outs from these diapers when she uses them.  I haven't had leaks, but I also don't use these at night, only during the day.  I have noticed around the legs in particular, it seems to be wide, even though my girl has pretty chunky legs, it still can blow out of there.  I prefer the thirsties wraps in comparison, with the prefolds and snappis, because of the double gussets on the legs that prevent blow outs.  With these, even with chunky thighs, the stitching and elastic is not really tight enough to prevent blow outs, even on the tightest settings for the rise.It is an inexpensive first investment into cloth diapering, and I still use them, mostly because they are the only pockets I have, and I already bought the inserts (these do not come with inserts, so I bought the bamboo inserts also by alva baby, which work fine), but I'm a little turned off by the fact that 1) they dont' fit that well 2) I cannot reuse them (unlike the thirsties wrappers) 3) they dont' come with inserts.  I wish they were a bit better made and came with different patterns besides this and I would be a firm supporter.EDITED: just so you know, when I initially wrote this review, the twins were about 3 months, so not quite newborns, and they were still too big.  Now the twins are 9 1/2 months, and after not using them for a while (I had bought fuzzibunz and bumgenius from cotton babies in the meantime since these didn't really seem to fit), I am using these again.  I have found though, that they don't seem to be quite as absorbent for some reason, even with the same liner.  Perhaps the PUL doesn't work as well with these?  The bumgenius and fuzzibunz generally last me about 2 1/2 to 3 hours with the twins (assuming they don't poop), but these will last me probably about 1 1/2 to 2 hours only, which is a lot of diaper changing then.  They still are super cute, so usually what I do is reserve these for the diaper change right before their nap and then I always change their diaper after their nap anyhow, so then they are only in this diaper for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, which works out fine.