We needed an umbrella stroller for our second son and we narrowed our choice down to Cybex or one of the Maclarens. Having had the Volo back in 2008, I opted for the Cybex Onyx mainly for the ease of strap adjustment (thinking of times when my older son would want to hitch a ride) and the open 2-handle design to attach the buggy board (again for the older one) as opposed to the Callisto's single handlebar, which I was initially going to purchase. I think all Maclaren strollers push like a dream but I hated that the volo did not have the recline feature and because of its lightweight design, it was always tip-happy, I never felt more on alert with any other stroller. I probably should've bought one of the heavier Maclarens like one of the Technos, but I needed a shoulder carry strap and this one fit the bill. Yes, I could've opted for the Quest or Triumph too, but there were certain other features that I wanted and they didn't do it for me. Perhaps I was being too picky, but with all features considered, and especially for the price, the Onyx seemed like a good deal.When I received the stroller, I put it together and my first impressions were just ok. The color and fabric were very agreeable (I got the Cactus, accents of lime green against all black material). The seat itself seemed plush enough, and the strap adjustment was everything the video reviews said they would be. However, the canopy was slanted to the left and there was no way to bend the inner frame back into shape. I was willing to deal with that since the canopy coverage was great, but then I noticed that the brakes were so hard to engage, it seemed impossible. When I did finally get it to brake and release, the right side was rolling fine but the left side still had the brake on and would not release. My husband then took a look and said that the brake wire cable was not in place and it had to be readjusted. So we readjusted and tried again, and the same thing happened, the wire cable just came out of its little socket. I wish I can explain the mechanism better, but it's this little wire piece that goes into a little socket where the wheel meets the frame which engages the brakes. I don't know if I got a lemon but since then I've read about other reviewers having similar experiences with the brakes. I wasn't willing to concede on something so minor yet important as the brakes (at whatever price), so I ended up returning the stroller and Amazon was fabulous about the return procedure and refund process.I was so sad that I had to return this lovely stroller because if it weren't for the brakes, it was certainly a keeper. I've had 8 different strollers to date (Combi, Maclaren, Britax, Baby Joggers, Peg Perego, Aprica, and Guzzie+Guss) and they all have great features and functions, but within the umbrella stroller dept I've yet to find an agreeable one for the price.