I can't complain too much about this chair, as it was a hand-me-down. (We have the older model.) So for the price, it's alright. With that said, I would not spend money on this.Pros:* It's a good height for the table.* The top of the tray comes off for cleaning.* It's very solid - all one piece - and so far hasn't tipped over even with baby using it to pull herself up.Cons:* The wood slats on the side are a food MAGNET. Stuff gets stuck in there and you have to scrape and clean to get it out. Funny - baby manages to pull herself up and pick out old bits of food I couldn't reach pretty easily. Gehhhh....* The pad is SO thin. Baby was fussing - pushing away from her food - and smacked her head hard on the wood back of the chair. It taught her not to do that, but still...* The set up to get baby in and out is a pain. The straps are annoying to fiddle with, the plastic divider for baby's legs more serves as something to get stuck on, not help keep baby from slipping down.* A MAJOR pain to clean. The pad requires constant washing - it doesn't wipe clean as it's cotton (why? seriously.) With the pad off, food sticks to the wooden stuff under the pad and the slats. You can brush, wipe, use soap, clean the floor under and STILL there's stuff stuck in this thing. I swear it sheds crumbs.The "Meh" Stuff (might bother you, might not):*The tray requires both hands to remove or adjust.* I have never used the little back compartment. Baby pulled herself up on the chair within a few months of us using this, so why would I keep anything in there? It just collects dust and the odd food substance.* The support slats at the bottom are just BEGGING to be climbed over/on. Ours has teeth marks from previous users. Baby gets herself stuck under there often (ours has a slat in the front, too). It entertains her, but sometimes I wish she'd stop playing with the chair.* It's wood, but you've still got a chair with a giant plastic tray strapped to it. I just don't see how something being wood is going to hide the fact that it's a baby product and doesn't go with the dinner set. But if you're not a fan of brightly colored plastic things, this is more subtle than most.Conclusion: The main thing positive to be said about this is that it's solid and will endure. The fact that ours is still kicking - being the 4th family to use it - says something. Or maybe it's just saying that people liked to pass it on as quickly as possible.