This frame is insanely cute, and I bought one for my parents and my in-laws when I found out I was pregnant. 12 small slots -- 1 for each month -- and 1 large slot for a birth picture. I then bought one much later as a gift for my son's godmother, which I then filled with pictures up to his current age. It was then that I realized what a TERRIBLE design this frame had, despite its aesthetic pleasantness, and I vowed never to buy this one again.First off, the slots (both small and large) are for non-standard picture sizes. It *looks* like you should be able to use wallets and 4x6 pictures, but not so -- those are too large for the respective holes! So you will have to snip your pictures into odd shapes and sizes, and hopefully the pictures you were planning to use aren't closeups, because chances are only a portion of baby's face will make it through the window.Second, and more frustratingly, the slots are built into the frame. It looks like the slots could be in a matte, which would have been infinitely easier to use; that is, the front of the frame would be glass like a normal picture frame, then there's a matte that goes under the glass with the slots cut in, then comes the pictures, then the back. Instead, in this frame, the holes are in the metal frame, then the glass fits under that, then (theoretically) the pictures, then the backing. This makes for a very frustrating experience when placing the pictures. With a matte, you can cheat and just fix the pictures to the matte and no one would be any the wiser. If you tried to affix the pictures directly to the slots in this frame, they wouldn't be under the glass. Fortunately, they provide the sample picture, and you can just put your pictures on top of that, no problems, right? Sure...If you managed to cut your picture perfectly centered and exactly to the dimensions of the ovals in the sample picture. If you didn't, though, you will do what I did and go through a lot of sliding in and out, adjusting your little cut-out to try to get the right parts to show in the slot, repeat ad absurdium.Ultimately, the result is cute, but there are much better designed frames out there. I mean, really, who has time for that with a baby around? I am so sorry that I bought this frame for my son's grandparents! Hope they don't bear a grudge!