So I've been using this for six weeks now and there are things I love about this and things that I'm not a fan of (but still plan on using it)Pros:- great sound and I like that you have volume control and a music option- The intercom is great (and nice and clear!)- The range is good too...I have somewhat of a larger house (2600 square footage) and it's two stories so I was worried about the range but no problems (even if I go outside!)- I like that you can purchase extra monitors if needed (up to four!)- You can adjust the picture depending on daytime/nighttime so you can see easier and it makes a huge difference!Cons:- So the company brags about a 24 hour battery life and NOT TRUE!  I'm lucky if I get a few hours out of it and believe me, there is nothing more annoying than the beeping from a dying battery at 4AM! (and yes, I do charge it) ***Update: change it to "peep mode" and it will last for 24 hours if not more.- The monitor is also supposed to be in color and sometimes is but there is no rhyme or reason for why it's color and why it's B&W (and for the life of me, I can't figure it out on their website either but to be fair, I haven't tried to contact the company for assistance either).- At times the picture is blurry (with the night vision, the daytime is clear) like it's focusing on the wrong thing...not a major deal since you can still see fine but somewhat annoying.  Overall though, the picture quality is better than most at night!Overall I would recommend this to others and we have loved it!  The pros completely outweigh the cons so hopefully this review helps you make a decision :)***UPDATE: changed from 4 stars to 1 due to it breaking and customer service being HORRIBLE! I was told that I had to send in the broken monitor to have it "tested" (2-4 weeks) BEFORE they would replace it!! I obviously can't go without a BABY MONITOR for 2-4 weeks so they "made an exception" for me (gee thanks!) but I had to buy a NEW MONITOR and still pay to send mine in to "test". If they determined it was truly broken (after 2-4 weeks) then they would refund me (after 2-4 weeks) which is crazy!! But since I needed one, I said fine. I was then given a number to call and after 8 minutes of "press 1..." and waiting, it FINALLY got me to the right extension. I was told to check out "www...." (the website) to SPEAK TO A CUSTOMER SERVICE REP--wait, what?! I contacted tech support again and they said "oh sometimes they're just busy...try again between 8-6:15 EST (so easy right?!) and couldn't get through. I tried multiple times over different days and no luck. Now wouldn't you know they're closed for the weekend and the MONITOR BROKE! So now I'm going to have to buy a new monitor tomorrow (which they won't reimburse the retail price at the store...and not like they sell my one locally either) and then go back to dealing with this horrible customer service. So safe yourself the time and frustration and stay far far away from this monitor! I have recommended this one to a lot of new moms but NEVER again! I hope this update helps someone to look elsewhere!