I bought the promenade online, for my 2 baby girls who are 19 mo and 5 mo.  I have mixed feelings about it. If you can see it in a store first I would recommend doing so. I am temporarily living overseas and this was not an option for me.Here you go!Pros-nice handle length for taller parents like myself-nice sun canopy on both seats- I can see my 5 month old very well in the rear seat, which I love-secure brake-nice secure comfortable seats-easy to collapse-easy to open-my diaper bag hangs neatly on the handle barCons-Too expensive ( could use some improvements to be worthy of the price )-Bulky-huge wide wheels in the back, that stick out way too far-must remove the rear seat every time I collapse the stroller(easy to do but still an inconvenience)-Takes up almost the whole trunk of my Toyota Hylander-If my third row seating is up, this stroller does not fit in my trunk( I then have to remove the back wheels, and put the stroller over the back seat, on the third row) ( rear wheels are easy to remove but it's inconvenient) ( I will soon purchase a mini van anyway, but still..  : )-NO storage underneath with the rear seat in( I can fit a shoe box under the front seat) (buy mommy hooks for shopping bags)-handle bar is jiggly, in a flimsy sort of way when extended( you must extend it to push as a double)-too huge and bulky for a single stroller( I will never use this as a single)If I had seen and tested this stroller in person first, I would not have purchased it. Its not what I had hoped for.  Based upon pictures It looked great. I still love the phil and ted style! I just wish I had the opportunity to see several of the others in person and then make a decision. Online this seemed like the best option, but I'm sure there are better ones for less money. I don't love it. For this much money I wanna Love It! I had several double strollers in the past for my older girls and this one is not my favorite. My favorite single stroller is the bugaboo bee! I love it! ( I wish they'd add an additional seat option to those!) The bee is amazing! (My one hand push, go to) Even after receiving the promenade I still prefer wearing my 5 mo old in the Ergo and pushing my 19 mo old in the bugaboo most days. I feel like I wasted my money. I paid a lot of shipping and handling and sending it back would have cost me a lot. I wish that I would not have been so anxious to purchase a double online. I had been eyeing the promenade for quite a while. Though there were not many reviews, it looked great. Since my purchase I've seen other moms pushing some cheaper priced, better looking strollers than this. I plan on selling my promenade to purchase another stroller, that I will test drive first! Maybe even another Phil and Ted !  : )