This playmat would be great except for a few bad design choices, one of which seems dangerous.My primary concern is with the musical sun. The sun is fabric, and inside is an electronic music box. You can access the music box and its on-off switch through a little velcro opening on the sun. That'd be fine, except the velcro is on the BOTTOM of the sun. If the velcro comes loose or is pulled loose by your baby, she or he could get conked on the head with the relatively heavy music box (and you'll be going into the velcro enclosure to turn the sun on or off, make sure you close it tight). I was floored they designed it this way when having the opening on the sun's top, or using a zipper or other more secure enclosure, would be much safer. In the pictures the sun is generally in the center, which is the highest place for it (and maybe it comes this way too, I forgot if it came attached to the sticks). I'd recommend keeping the sun on one of the lowest holes, which gives it no distance to fall. It's also easier for baby to attack, which is nice.Aside from that, the sun is a bit hard to activate. My 5 month old can't do it herself, and honestly I have to thwap it pretty hard to get it to play.The poles don't travel well... yes, they are bendy, but not very bendy, making them impossible to fit in a carry on and even tough to fit in a moderately sized checked bag. It'd be nice if they could fold down (say, like a tent pole).The mat itself is portable, and you can snap it onto itself while traveling with it. It'd be nice if when traveling this way the play surface was on the inside, keeping it a bit less exposed. Instead the back of the mat faces in.That frog, though. That thing is one of my daughter's favorite toys, and how it shakes away got her very interested in grabbing at it and learning to hold and, later, pull. She's still not quite strong enough to get it very far by herself, but she seems to enjoy the challenge. She also seems to like the tension of it pulling against her, like a really lame tug-of-war.