The Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor offers some good qualities that make it a worthwhile addition to the household with infants and young toddlers. Its best feature is its ability to pick up and transmit even the slightest sounds. Any slight noise in the babies' room, like a slight cough, or even a deep breath, is detected by the transmitter and sent to the receiver. Depending on how loud the volume is turned up, concerned parents will be able to hear these and other sounds with ease.Sounds are most important, but The Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor also offers lights to let parents know about the activities taking place. The lights indicate the intensity of the noise and they work even if the volume is turned completely off. The arcs of red light on the Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor include four arcs and they light up based on the intensity of the noise. They aren't absolutely necessary, but they are good for those who would rather monitor with their eyes as opposed to ears.Does the Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor have any drawbacks? Yes, it certainly does and the most annoying among them is the static. No matter how little activity is going on within the vicinity of the transmitter, you still get static and it is especially loud if the volume control is turned too high. Sometimes, you can reposition the receiver and/or transmitter of the Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor and reduce the static. Changing the channel can also help. But you can't do much with the antennae and there is almost no way to get completely static- free reception.Another potential problem with this monitor is its ability to sometimes pickup the sounds from other people in the neighborhood. If someone else is using a baby monitor- or even if they are just talking on the phone- the Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor might end up receiving some of the sounds. This can be quite shocking when it happens the first time. You will think there is someone in your babies' room when, in reality, the sounds are coming from the neighbors.Taken as a whole, however, the Fisher Price Sounds `N Lights Monitor is a good monitor for new parents and while it doesn't offer anything special, it gets the job done for minimal cost. There are certainly better monitors out there, but this monitor completes its task without doing too much damage to the pocketbook.