We decided to get a swing for our youngest daughter because as a newborn, she was soothed when we swung her back and forth in our arms.  Right off the bat she hated this swing.  She's about 4 months old now and she'll tolerate it briefly.  I don't know if she just hates being in a swing in general, or if this one is too low on the floor for her so she can't see what's going on.  I do like the fact that it folds up pretty compactly so we could bring it someplace if we wanted to...we got this model with that intention in mind, but since she hates it we don't bring it anywhere.  The fabric is pretty also.There are a few things I don't like about this swing at all.  First, the music annoys the heck out of me.  My older daughter likes to turn it on all the time and I can't stand the tone.  I wish you could select from different songs or melodies but you can only choose from 2 volume levels.  It has a timer but we've not had the opportunity to use it.  Second, the canopy with the hanging toys doesn't seem to be at a great angle for the baby to look at.  Not to mention that we've figured out if you pull the canopy all the way toward you so the baby gets the best view, the swing stops swinging.  I don't know why this is, but sure enough if we push the canopy back just a few notches over the baby's head the swing starts swinging again.  And of course, this means she can't see the toys at all.  Lastly, I think getting the baby in and out of the swing is awkward.  When I try to put her in, the swing moves also so I have to hold the swing with one hand and try to get her in with the other hand if I want her to be seated correctly in line with the seat belt.I might have given this swing 4 stars despite the flaws of the design if the baby absolutely loved it, but our experience with it is about 2 stars.  I rated it 3 because I can't fault the swing if it's just my baby that hates swings!  This swing was $45 at the time I purchased it.  So since we didn't spend much I can't be too upset it's not an awesome swing.