I've purchased these spoons several times (not from Amazon) and have in the past been relatively happy with them. They do have their design issues as other reviewers have pointed out, but for the price I was always able to look past that, until today. I ordered these from Amazon last week and this morning I opened the package to wash them so my daughters could use them for dinner (1 & 3 yrs old). The package says to wash first which is pretty normal so I loaded them securely into the top rack of my dishwasher. The package says on the back top rack dishwasher safe and I've never had a problem washing them in my dishwasher, until today (in fact in the past I've even washed them on the bottom rack with no problems). Once my washer said wash complete I opened the door and my kitchen was completely filled with a cloud of burning plastic fumes. I quickly opened all the windows and doors in my house and set in search for whatever was making the nauseating smell. At first I thought maybe it was some plastic Tupperware, but after unloading everything it was soon clear that it was one of the blue plastic spoons had completely melted through the top grate of my dishwasher and all over the bottom filter. To be clear when washing anything plastic I make sure to select the lowest possible heat setting and I've never had any problems, with these spoons or any other plastic utensils. What seemed weird is all the plastic spoons except for the blue one seemed completely fine. So now I'm left with my dishwasher filled with burnt plastic on the bottom filter and will probably have to replace the entire part if not my entire dishwasher. Also everything else that was in the dishwasher now smells like burnt plastic no matter how much I clean it. Bottom line, not worth the low price paid for these spoons unless you will only hand wash them, and even then the quality is obviously not what it used to be. Unfortunate.Attached is a photo of what is left of the burnt plastic spoon that I was actually able to get out of my dishwasher, still trying to get the rest out...