I purchased the Baby Aspen Little Expeditions Lovie Giraffe with Crinkle Leaf on September 16, 2013 for my infant grandson to have when he is visiting me. The product seemed very much like described and arrived promptly, I was happy. The first thing that went wrong was the crinkle leaf (which measures 3") that is sewn to the giraffes hands came off in my grandsons little hands as he was crunching the leaf in October. I kind of disregarded this thinking it was just a fluke. I now regret not contacting Amazon Prime right then, lesson learned. On Monday Dec. 23, 2013 my grandson was visiting again and took a nap and when he awoke I went to pick him and the giraffe up and was horrified to find that the head of the giraffe had come almost completely off. The stitching had come undone on the back of the head and threads and unravelled parts of the lovie blanket were wet so I knew he had had it in his mouth. I'm so thankful that he hadn't choked on any of the exposed parts and wrote to the company that makes the toy (specifically for ages infant and up) and told them what had happened. They responded by telling me to take it back to the store I bought it from and send pictures to them so they could see what went wrong. I sent the pictures and the explanation that I purchased it from Amazon Prime and wasn't sure who to send it to. They replied with instructions again to contact Amazon. I went through the process of entering the standard information Amazon requires when returning an item. When I reached the end the message on the screen said that I had passed the three month window to return the toy/purchase and was basically SOL. I'm only out fifteen bucks and so thankful no harm had occurred but I am so concerned about other infants who might have with this toy!! I believe this is a consumer product issue involving a childs toy and now must follow thru with reporting the issue elsewhere. I would advise anyone considering purchasing this toy not to and if they already have one to check and make sure the stitching is intact and continue to do so as long as the baby has it.