It's a decent product. But a little flimsy & there's no sun coverage on the sides, so if your walking perpendicular to the angle of the sun, it still shines directly on baby's eyes. We rigged up a system whereby we hang double clipping carebiners from the two buckles that secure the sun screen on the sides so we can pull down one side & clip the other end of the biner under the elastic band that encircles the base of the cover, & protect her little eyes from the sun. The zipper is flimsy and was in fact dysfunctional when we got it but I was able to get it back on track.  The sun/rain cover is quite loose, and flaps around quite a bit with any wind, as it's very loosely held down with three snaps on strips of nylon webbing that have a lot of play in them; one attached to the bottom/front of the cover, and one on each side.  This was very surprising, given the photos that give the appearance of a snug/sleek/tight cover. In any sort of driving rain, or decent strength wind, this is not going to hold up really well; catches the wind and flaps around. That said, it's not a horrible product. I'm just continually surprised that there aren't more designers out there who test their products in the real world (as it seems the designers for Thule do). With just a few modifications, this could be a great product: straps/snaps that hold the rain/sun cover down tightly so it doesn't catch the wind like a sail when buckled down, & shades that extend or lower over the mesh on the sides so they cover baby when you're  walking in any direction that's not directly towards or away from the sun. I wouldn't buy this product again, but can't complain, as most people in the world have more serious things to worry about like affording vaccines for their children, & keeping them fed and safe.... First world problems should be taken in stride! We use this product, & it's useful, & user friendly, easy to leave in place all the time & pull down to cover baby when needed. So I'm glad we have it. I just wish we had something designed with a little more thought and attention to detail.