We've been full-time cloth diapering parents for nearly 2 years now. Cloth diapering is great and easier than it sounds. The only difficulty we've run into is finding a good quality detergent. After trying 4 others with ranging success, I decided to give Thirsties a try, especially after reading the mostly glowing recommendations on Amazon. Here's my rundown of how it works in each problem area cloth diapering parents face:1. Cleanliness/whiteness: My cloth diapers do come out of the wash looking white again, so I'll give this detergent kudos for that. Of all detergents we've used, Thirsties has produced the best "whiteness" results.2. Stink: Here's where Thirsties isn't so great. The first couple of times, the diapers came out of the dryer with slight to no ammonia stink. This is a plus, as I've had other detergents make zero effect on the stinkiness. Now, they stink straight out of the dryer, and worse, the minute my kiddo pees on the diaper, the ammonia stench is STRONG, stronger than before we started using Thirsties. So, sure, now we know the minute he's peed, but I don't want everyone within a 5 mile radius to know too! Strike one, Thirsties.3. Rash/chemical burn: Again, kudos to Thirsties. This detergent has not caused a rash or chemical burn in my son's sensitive diaper area. Other detergents have, to varying degrees of severity.4. Scent: This detergent has NO scent. I like that. You don't want a scented detergent on your diapers. Could you imagine...a flowery scent mixed with the smell of pee or poo later on? Eww. Plus, scent usually means a higher probability of rash or repelling.5. Repelling: No repelling issues whatsoever with the use of this detergent. This is very unlike most other brands of detergent I've tried!6. Dissolvability: Yeah, I made up a word. We have an HE washer. Powdered detergents don't always completely dissolve. Super thick liquid ones need lots of water to become more dilute and not leave tons of suds. In both of these cases, there are issues because HE washers use very little water. The consistency of Thirsties detergent is the same of water, so there is no problem dissolving and diluting it in the wash.7. Price: I don't want to pay an arm and a leg for a great cloth diaper detergent, or I might as well just use disposables. Here's another strike for Thirsties...its expensive. I purchased both halves of the system (this and the Pre-Wash) and each bottle cost me $20. That's $40 for the system! Now, the bottles say you only use 1/2 oz of each for every load of diaper laundry, but I've found that this is just too little detergent, so I use 1 oz of each, because I wash more than 18 diapers at a time, which is what their 1/2 oz measurement is recommended for. (If I only washed 18 diapers at a time, I'd have to do more loads per week, which would increase my water bill). So, I can get 32 loads out a $40 system. See the problem?In short, would I recommend Thirsties detergent? Yes and no, hence the 3 star rating. Its the best I've found in some areas, and the worst in others. Those combine together to make it just average. I personally need something better than average, so I'm going to keep looking.