I owned the old model of the regular size Peapod and have borrowed the old Peapod Plus, the ones that were recalled. I loved that one. It had the self-inflating mattress (that worked like a Thermarest), a pocket on the outside bottom of the tent to insert the pad, and overall, my daughter and I both loved it. But she is now 38" and too tall, so I had to get the Plus. Oh how I miss the features of the old model. For the things I love about this...it is just perfect for traveling. We travel at least every eight weeks, and my dd is now used to her "tent." She loves it. The PeaPod is so easy to travel on planes or car trips. We generally pack it into a suitcase, but it could be carried on if space is tight. Setup and break down of the tent are so fast and easy. I've tried out most major travel bed types, and the PeaPod is the best in terms of ease. That said, my dd is very adaptable, so we don't have a problem changing up her sleeping quarters. I do love the extra mesh on the bottom of the new version, as I'm sure that will help greatly with airflow. I also love that the back side and ends now have zip panels so that I can open the nylon and have mesh...we'll be traveling soon to SE Asia, hot and buggy, so all that mesh will be great airflow while providing great bug protection at night. What I hate most about this new version is the attached pad. It is so crinkly that it's ridiculously noisy as well as being so thin as to be useless as padding. I haven't used it yet in a shared hotel room with my dd, but I imagine that it's going to drive us nuts. It sounds like it's filled with plastic. I may just take off the sleeping pad and use blankets underneath instead. The old Peapod Plus was a superstar in that it came with a sleeping bag as well, so for older kids like my 3 year old, it was a complete bed. No additional padding or blankets needed to carry with us...throw in whatever special stuffed toy was the toy du jour, and we were ready with a bed. With this new one, I'm going to have to get extra blankets from the hotel to use as padding underneath and carry a crib size blanket for my daughter to use inside for covers. I hate having to add extra things in our packing, and many places we travel are where hotels do not have carpeting, so the padding change is a big deal (on the negative side) for me. In spite of how much I hate the changes, I still think the PeaPod Plus is the best option for how we travel and the age of our daughter.