Yes, this is what it looks like. A pad that folds over the tub and provides about 1/3 of an inch of foam protection over the side or edge/railing of the tub. If you have children and are trying to protect them from hitting their heads, or if you are elderly and afraid of hurting yourself getting in and out of the tub, or if you are just like me and at times, enjoy sitting in the tub for long periods at a time, yet find that your arms and elbows are sore as all get out after having rested them on the sharp edges of the tub - well, then this is meant for you! But wait, there's a few drawbacks worth mentioning. First of all, it does not come with any way to adhere it to the tub. Well, if it were bendable or better yet, if it stayed in place after getting it to the right shape, then perhaps I'd give it 4 stars; maybe even 5. However, it's not. And what's worse is that it is harder than all get out to actually get it out of the design that it was molded into for shipping purposes. Once you have - then comes the issue of getting it to sit in place WHICH THE PICTURE MISLEADS BUYERS TO BELIEVE IT DOES ALL ON ITS OWN! But that is incorrect; for it is rather temperamental. I had to end up using a very long strip of velcro to adhere it to the outside of the tub, as well as underneath the edge. But trying to do the same for the inside of the tub just didn't turn out to be as easy of a task. In fact, everything I tried - even the waterproof double-sided tape I had, the silicone, and other adhesive strips simply didn't do the trick. Therefore, half of it looks great; the other side (that rests inside of the tub) well... that looks like ****!C'mon people. If you are going to develop a product and market it to the general public - please at least mention a few ways of adhering it to its intended surface... OR PERHAPS, MAYBE PROVIDING SOMETHING (AT YOUR OWN EXPENSE) WOULDN'T BE A BAD IDEA EITHER! AT LEAST THAT WAY, MAYBE PEOPLE WOULD BE A BIT HAPPIER WITH YOUR PRODUCT! Seriously, how hard would that have been to do?