I bought a CT0.5 stroller 5 months ago, when our son was 4 months old. I purchased this stroller because I wanted a smaller lightweight stroller (we have a Pég Perego Pliko). And it had everything I was looking for. It is a great looking stroller, fairly lightweight, very easy to fold and with long handles.After some weeks of use, I noticed the wheels started to make noises. I contacted the Chicco store where I purchased it (in Rio de janeiro), and they referred to the technical support. I went there a couple of times, and I was told that, even if I had the wheels replaced, the same problem would happen again. Then I decided to call Chicco's customer service which is in another town (Sao Paulo)and explained my concerns about the stroller. They said that I was the only person who had such a problem. They asked me to go back to the store where I had purchased it in order to show the problem to the manager. I did it, but the manager didn't hear any noise (he said so). Once again I had to listen that nobody had ever complained about the stroller, a "major sales success". So I went back home with no solution at all. After calling Chicco customer service for several times (they always asked for my number but never called me back) I decided writing them an email, in order to explain the problem with the stroller. I sent it twice. They never answered. Ever. Chicco in Brazil has a terrible customer service.So I started using another stroller we have, the bigger Pliko. Only eventually, we used the Chicco stroller.Now that my baby is 9 months old - he's obviously bigger and heavier - another problem appeared: the flimsy back bent like a letter C and our son gets very uncomfortable in the stroller. In order to keep his back straight I have to put 2 small pillows to even out the bent shape. It's almost as if there's no back support at all! The piece is like a lightweight cardboard or something similar. Why is the back support so poorly designed? I expected so much more from italian design. The bending causes him to sit in a position that looks very uncomfortable.I called Chicco customer service again today. This time they admit that some customers had complained about that problem, and that they would call me back just today and schedule to send me a new seat to replace the one with the problem (I made them promise to return my call). Well, as they did before, they didn't call me back. Why does that happen? I've been thinking. Is this because we are in Brazil, and not in the US or in Italy? Are they supposed to help me with my problem or not? This stroller is not inexpensive here (I paid about US$250 for it).For being upset about this situation, I decided go on the web and do some research about this stroller and found out some customers reviews about the very same stroller. How surprised I was to find out that the majority of them were complaining about the same flimsy back. But there's a huge difference between Chicco in the US and Chicco in Brazil: in the US if you are not satisfied with a product, you can return it, or have it properly fixed, or have it replaced ( I read some reviewers saying that a new stroller was sent to their homes). In Brazil, Chicco doesn't even return customer's calls!Now I believe they will keep this policy for more 2 weeks, when I will have my 6 months warranty finished. Then I will have to pay in order to have it fixed.It's amazing how a very important company like Chicco treat your costumers. The lesson I learned is that one should never buy Chicco products, and I will let other people know why.