First off, I really wanted to love it. It had so many things going for it compared to the ridiculously priced McLarens (etc): enormous basket, 2 position settings, setting control that doesn't use that rope and pull system, lightweight design, beautiful EXPENSIVE looking and sturdy fabric, trays for both parents and child and pretty darn good steering control. I have a Graco Quattro as my first stroller and as much as I love it, navigating through a restaurant or mall is mostly composed of apologizing to people I bang into or  banging into display racks. Plus the Quattro takes up half of my Honda Accord trunk. Despite my gripes, once the baby is in it, there are few irritating things to complain about. What I can't stand about this: (1) Nonremovable fabric. Baby Spit and a spilled can of soda are unremoveable and I've only had it for 3 weeks. (2) Child Try is is ridiculously high and hits my 8 month old in the chin so I just took the darn thing off (3) When folded if Child tray is left on, the way it collapses, you end up scraping up the plastic. This is a concern as I dont want my son to cut himself on scraped up plastic. Another reason I took this off (4) You gotta be kidding about the sunshade right? It's so tiny and doesn't reach far over enough. If the sun if directly above or in front of him, he's screwed and I live in Sunny Florida. The only way the shade prevents him from sun is if the sun is from behind. (5)2 position seat. When you take this out of the trunk, it defaults into "almost" layback position. Sliding it into "almost" sit up position is a PITA since the fabric on the side gets stuck into it constantly. You need two hands. The positions are neither FULLY reclining nor FULLY sitting up. (6) Really wish it had 5 point harnass.My mom says to get over it since it isn't my full featured Quattro and it was only 40 bucks and my son seems to love it. On some days, I wish that I had spent that 40 bucks elsewhere towards a better made lightweight stroller. On other days, I think that I should be grateful that I only spent 40 bucks on something that gives me so many (or more) functions still of a more expensive umbrella stroller. Generally, I didn't want to become a mommy who owned umpteen strollers but this isn't a bad stroller to have in your stroller wardrobe if you are one of those mommies.