Finding a mattress pad that was cotton through and through thrilled me.  When I opened it, I was pleased - until I headed to the washing machine with it.  Fortunately, I read the care instructions.  After all the mattress pads I've owned over the years, reading them was really just a "formality".  To say I was shocked to read that it has to be washed in cold water only and AIR DRIED, is an understatement.  It's WHITE.  Who washes whites in cold water? It's BEDDING.  Who washes their sheets and bedding in cold water?  Maybe I'm too "old school", but I grew up being taught that whites were washed in hot water and sheets (which were always 100% cotton back then) were washed in hot water.  Now, I HAVE mellowed down to WARM water for both.My state of the art Whirlpool washer must be old school also, because when I set it on Sheets, it sets itself to warm wash, cold rinse.  If I set it on Bulky Items, which is how bed pads could be classified, it sets itself on warm wash/ cold rinse.  And if I set it on Whites, it sets itself to HOT wash, cold rinse. I had to override the machine to set it on Cold/Cold. I hung the mattress pad on the line to dry, which I didn't mind.  I prefer to line dry sheets and towels because they smell incredibly fresh. I measured the pad before I started as it looked short to me.  No - it was in fact 52" long.  After washing, my husband and I stretched it out and measured it - 501/2" long.  Cold water wash.  Line dried.  Unhappy customer.  Am I able to stretch it and get it to stay on the mattress?  Yes.  Will I continue using it?  Yes, if it doesn't shrink any further next wash.  But I am very unhappy at ANY manufacturer who would make bedding - and white bedding at that - that has to be washed in cold water. These care instructions should be in the posted description, instead of just saying "Machine Washable and Dryer Friendly". It should say "Machine Washable Cold Only, Air Dry" or "Dryer Friendly on Air Dry only". I normally wash the mattress pad with the sheets.  Can't do that with THIS pad because I wash sheets in warm water.  I can't wash it with my whites. Light colors I wash in warm - as chosen by my Whirlpool.  The only load I wash in cold water is the DARK colors.  But if I wash wash a white mattress pad with dark colors, it will come out dingy looking.  So a little crib mattress pad, which will get washed OFTEN, has to be washed in a LARGE capacity washing machine in a load by itself. (And dried by itself for folks who will use the dryer).  SHAME ON SEALY.  (-:  I was planning to order another one to have two on hand for the grand baby I will be babysitting, and I was going to recommend it to my daughter, who is setting up the nursery now.  Unfortunately, I can't recommend a mattress pad that has to be washed in cold water, air only dried and it still shrinks.