These bottles are amazing! My three month old son switches between these and the breast very easily since the bottles mimic the way he attaches to the breast. With my daughter, there were a lot of problems switching between breast and regular bottle because of the difference so I was very happy when I found these. They definitely work as advertised; he never chokes because he gets too much. The outer nipple does occasionally collapse but I've only had it happen two or three times since I started using them about a month ago. All you have to do to fix it is pull the bottle out of their mouth for a second. The snack cup that comes with the set is great for powdered formula. It seals tightly and is flexible so you can pinch the sides in making it easier to pour into the bottle.Editing my review after a little more use and some long nights; I'd suggest rinsing these bottles very well immediately after use or washing them. Obviously this can sometimes be impossible with a little one! Because both inner and outer nipples have lots of little nooks and crannies that small amounts of milk/formula sit on, it can dry fast. Sometimes it can be a pain because you have to be extra careful to get it all. I still give it 5 stars though because I'd be holding a baby 24/7 if no one else could feed him. He won't take any other bottle and refuses pacifiers!Update 7/7/14I'm leaving my initial review up because it still holds true for the short term!So after using these bottles for awhile they aren't that great in the long run. Yes, they're still great for breastfed babies that also need to take a bottle but they just don't hold up well over time.My son, who is now 11 months old, wouldn't take a bottle for the first 3 months of his life. We've only used these bottles for about 8 months and we've had numerous problems with nipples not sealing properly causing leaks and the measure markers rubbing off. I really don't understand why it's so difficult to make a product last - especially one that only needs to last about 12 months or so. These didn't quite make it there! I think I'm especially disappointed because these bottles weren't always used every day. We had two month long battles with ear infections and during that time he almost exclusively breastfed because he refused the bottle. In reality these bottles only got about 6 months of use!I will say that these bottles have only been hand washed, have never been in a sterilizer, and have only been boiled on occasion so the issues aren't due to improper cleaning. I got lucky with the leaky nipples because I purchased two more bottles plus four more size 1 nipples to replace the size 2 at the time I bought the set. I have 5 leaky bottles and 4 extra nipples. The downside to that; the size 2 allows the formula/milk to come out very fast so now my son's new favorite thing is to shake his bottle upside down so his formula still ends up everywhere sometimes. Obviously the last thing I want to do is purchase more bottles when we're only going to need them for another month or so!I know some people have reported no issues with any of these things so maybe it's just a toss up as to whether or not you'll have leaky bottles. Expect to buy more after around 5 months of use, maybe sooner if you use them frequently just in case!