My husband and I have had this stroller and the accompanying infant car seat for over 7 months now.  Overall, we have found it to be an OK stroller with several strengths and weaknesses.  We really liked it earlier when my daughter was in her infant car seat (which latches onto the stroller) but now that our baby has outgrown her car seat, we are looking for a better stoller.  Here are the pros and cons:PROS: The stoller was easy to put together.  The canopy can be easily pulled down quickly and together with the canopy of the infant car seat, can easily shield an infant from sun or rain.  The steering is really nice, especially for both of us who are on the tall side (5'9" and 6') and it works well in stores while shopping.  We appreciate the high bike wheels that allow the stroller to be used outdoors (although beware using it on hills as it can tip easily on the 3 wheels).  I do like the 5 point harness, which can be easily unbuckled and did a good job of holding our squirmy daughter in place.  The basket below is good for holding her diaper bag.  Others have noted that it is difficult to fold up this stroller, but we found this not to be the case - it was also easily stored in the back of my car (note that it folds down better if the wheels are towards the bottom, not the top).  Overall, this is a good stroller for everyday walks and shopping, but I would not use it for hard core jogging (see below).CONS:  Other reviews have noted that the front wheel comes off - this also happened to us, but I must admit that it was because I did not notice that the front wheel latch had become undone (probably when I banged it will taking it out of the car).  Fortunately this did not happen when our daughter was in the seat, but while I was rolling it back to the car (the wheel fork also bent when it hit the ground but I was able to bend it back).  I did also find a few times that the front wheel shimmied really hard, to the point that the stroller jerked to a stop.  In both cases, this occured as I was slowly pushing it over some cobblestones so that the front wheel twisted sideways (note that you can lock it in the forward position, which would avoid this problem).  I just backed up and tried again and it worked.  So I would not advise running or jogging with this stroller - get a higher-priced stroller specifically made for jogging instead.  We also found that the plastic tray keeps coming out on one of the sides, but this is after 7 months of high use.  Finally, we have been somewhat disappointed in the reclining mechanism, which is really just a strap across the back that is pulled through a cinch (but note that many other stollers have this same mechanism).  And finally, our 7 month old daughter is now to the point of wanting to look out at everything she passes, but the seat does not sit upright enough for our taste (she is contantly leaning forward from a semi-recline position).  So now we are looking for a different lightweight stroller that will suit her better.  However we will keep this stroller in case we have another baby who needs the infant car seat / stroller combination.