This is our second Summer monitor, after they discontinued the second camera for our first model we were forced to buy a whole new monitor set so we chose this one.  We had a great experience with our first monitor so I didn't look outside of Summer options when we needed to purchase a new one.  Our first one was awesome, this one is just okay.  Here is my review...One of the views/cameras cuts in and out, I thought maybe it was just our son's room but it did it at grandma's house too.  The camera quality doesn't seem as good either, the picture isn't as clear so often we can't tell if eyes are open or closed (the main reason for wanting a video monitor).  It is also very loud on the lowest sound setting, our old one was not like this- if you had it on the lowest setting you couldn't hear the ambient noise (our boys sleep with sound machines) but this one you hear it like it is in your room.I wish it has the temperature setting like our old one, that was helpful for knowing if we needed to keep fans on or turn them off after our son went to bed.  I do like the split screen and it hasn't been a huge deal that we can only listen to one at a time, I was worried about that.  Battery life on the monitor is pretty poor, our sitter likes to keep the video on and by the time we get home after a few hours it has gone from full to dead.  If we take it off the charger for nap time we have to charge it before having it for bedtime, basically it has a 2-3 hr life span with or without the video being on constantly.I think that I was irritated about not being able to get a second camera in the first place, but the lesser quality of this system has me wishing I would have looked at different brands.  I read the reviews, which weren't great, but figured people just weren't being fair and they weren't terrible so I bought anyways, now I am wishing I would have done a little more research.  It works and I am not totally disappointed in the product, it is just not $250 quality in my opinion.  After being so happy with our previous monitor I had high expectations.  It definitely serves its purpose, I would just maybe look around to make sure there isn't something else before purchasing again.