I am a big fan of Graco walkers, this being the 4th one I have owned.  All of them have had the same overall design, but just with different tray toys & colors.  I would have to say that this is my lease favorite.  I'll get to why...The design of the walker itself it a brilliant design.  What I like best about it is the fact that it is all heavy duty plastic...no metal, or metal-like parts (makes it lighter, neater looking, and less dangerous).  It's wheels go nicely over hard surface flooring without leaving marks, but leaves something to be desired for carpet.  It you remove the white rubber stripping on the bottom of the walker, it goes a lot better on the carpet.  I don't recommend doing this if you have stairs because this rubber strip is to help prevent it from going down carpeted stairs...but I only use my downstairs so I don't have to worry about it (plus you can reattach them if needed).It adjusts in 3 different heights that I feel are perfectly spaced out for little ones learning to walk.  It is also fairly easy to adjust.  Assembly is a snap and you pretty much don't need the instructions.  It does come apart for storage, but you have to disassemble it (no folding option).Now, why I gave this only 2 stars.  Would have been 1 star, but the design won it an additional one.  The toys on this tray absolutely SUCK!  They are stuffed animals that don't do anything.  It claims to be an interactive tray, but I can't get it to do anything but play a lame song only when I first turn it on.  I don't like that you can't wash them either.  The tray does snap on and off easily, but whats the good of snapping it on if it sucks so bad?  The colors are not as vibrant as they look in the picture.  I hate when baby toys are made to match what the parents find "visually appealing" because babies like bright and crazy colored things...black, white, red, yello...those things...not soft neutral colors like this.  The toys are designed more for an infant learning to sit rather than a little one learning to walk.Graco had another walker that was my favorite of all of them.  It had a steering wheel, a shifter-like thing, a mirror...all in bright colors with lights and a mirror.  THAT was a good design Graco...this one, not so much.