We bought these ducks for a baby shower with the intent of using them in punch and as decorations on the table. They did get used, but only as decorations. Here's what I've noticed:The good:-Floatability: This is good and bad. I was a bad shopper and didn't read the description when I ordered. It states they do not float, so I can't really dock them for it if they were honest in the description. But... About 25% of the ducks ended up floating when I tried it out. Only ones that have the blocks in front of them floated for us. I think because they are bottom heavy, whereas the ones with bonnets/hats are top heavy and the ones with the rattle on the side are unbalanced. That left us with 6 ducks that could be used for floaties.-Price: For the price it's a nice decoration. I've looked at a few stores for baby shower decorations and similar items were more expensive other places I looked.The bad:-Odor: They are stinky. I worry about using them in a liquid that people are going to drink. Therefore, they were only used as decorations.-Paint: The paint is very flawed if you look closely. It's rubbing off in some areas and goes beyond it's border in others.  In the description it warns about it: "Please note that these ducks may have slight paint rubs or scratches due to bulk packaging". But, they still should be a little better quality than what you get. Especially since the picture of them looks beautiful and flawless. I'm posting pics too, just so you can see the real product.-Missing ducks: I ordered this a while back and only received 12 ducks. Luckily Amazon quickly fixed the problem for me and shipped me out a new batch. Thank goodness I didn't order this last minute. I see a few people have had problems with their orders. Don't order this a few days before the event just in case.Overall I think it's an OK decoration. I probably wouldn't order them again. The product isn't great and I was disappointed with the initial shipment of only half the ducks. They would've got 3 stars if my order had been correct.