The sterilizer looks nice and and is simple to use. So far, the heating element is still like new and is showing no signs of rust after 1 month of daily use. We use filtered water to sterilize, and we are not great about emptying the unit after using it. We usually empty the next day when we have to use it again. I do not have any issues with the lid warping from heat, but there are two other problems with this sterilizer: - I use the Born Free Breeze glass bottles. The 9 ounce bottles do not fit the bottle rack "bottle teeth" so they are too tall for the top basket, and they don't stay in place well when lifting the bottle rack. It feels dangerous with the glass bottles since the bottles are top heavy and cannot be secured to the teeth. 5 ounce bottles are  fine to use with the basket, but again they do not fit into the teeth to be secure. - The second biggest problem is water level reading (I assume?). I put 190 ml of water as instructed, but the unit continuously emits the red light. It takes several tries of restarting the whole process for it to complete the sterilization cycle. Each time I empty the unit, put another 190 ml of water, and start the sterilization. For some reason, it will work after the 4th or 5th try. This is very time consuming as the red light doesn't pop up immediately. The sterilizer starts the process and will eventually emit the red light between 5-10 minutes. The counter is level and we put the same amount of water each time.I can deal with not having the top basket when I sterilize the larger bottles, but it's really inconvenient and frustrating to continuously restart the sterilization cycle after working all day, coming home tending to the baby, and starting dinner/ completing house work. I usually have about 2-3 cycles to complete each day, so what should take only 45-60 minutes to complete ends up taking hours.If you have more time to do cycles throughout the day or only have 1 cycle a day, this may not be a deal breaker for you. For moms with bottles, pump parts to sterilize and dry before work the next day, and milk storage bottles, you may want to find another sterilizer.Edit: The lid has definitely warped from heat. It unlatches during a cycle which may be contributing to the red light errors, and I didn't realize until now.