My biggest issue here is, this is not lightweight at all.  It's an okay stroller, but I never got over the disappointment at its enormous bulk.PROS:-Adjustable handle makes it reachable to push for almost all heights, even tall people. (My 6'5" brother is fine with it)-Canopy is sufficient.-Reclines well for naps-5-point harness-Side access to basket (though blocked mostly by rods, so this is only kind of a pro)-Works with any Graco infant seat-2 cupholders for parent-Easy for me to close with one hand, but no one else can do it.  Even my husband.CONS:-Enormous.  Exactly the same size as any other conventional travel system you'll consider, though it is marketed as much lighter.  It takes up my entire trunk and I can't fit anything else in there.-Tough to clean if your kid gets stuff stuck in the cracks.-Between parent cupholders, there's an empty space...why?  I don't know, but every single person who has used strollers before tries to put something there and it drops through.  Even nearly a year after having it, I still drop stuff because of the strange and not-intuitive design.-Basket ripped after 3rd use, and that's just trips to the mall.-Basket hard to access and doesn't fit my diaper bag, but can fit plenty of shopping bags or blankets...if you don't have to get to them again until you get to the car.-I'm the only one who can close it.  No one else can figure it out.-The kid cupholder is not only shallow, it's rounded.  There is not a cup in creation that will sit in it.  It's totally useless.-It's really frustrating to get the tray up.  I've tried to get my son in and out while he was sleeping and it's next to impossible because you have to lift him over the tray because you'll need a second person to either open it or hold the stroller steady (even with brakes on) to get it done.  Definitely a two hand job.All in all, this is an okay stroller, but it is absolutely not worth the money I spent on it.  I wished from the very first second I used it that I had a different stroller.  We got it as a gift, and I still don't think it was worth a penny spent on it.  We're switching to an actual lightweight stroller like the Zooper Twist or Inglesina.