First - Please note I ordered the one listed above as "Silver" and being sold by 'FuzziBunz'.  I don't believe any of that for a second.  Please be aware that there are 3 very separate and distinct products under this same listing..and none of the reviews match.  For example, mine happened to come with all necessary washers and it came with the T-valve.  Other reviews speak only of these missing pieces.  My guess is they are all knockoffs.  I usually am good about listening to reviews, I’ll try not to make that mistake again.Short Version: Leaked immediately, spend 2 hours messing with it, still leaked.  Didn't matter with plumbers tape vs. no tape, hand tighten vs. slightly tighter vs. cranked.  Leaked and was junk.  5 stars for Amazon's return policyLong Version:  I am a novice do it yourselfer, but this is so simple anyone can do it (so long as you have a shutoff before your toilet supply line).  The hookup and instructions are fairly simple and easy to follow but I took my time and made sure i followed correctly.  I tried first with no tape as it suggests, it leaked immediately.  I should note that it leaked from the sprayer hose.  There was no sign of leaking at any of the connections.  Basically the water would run down the sprayer hose line and  pool on the ground (i.e. finding the lowest spot).  I tried again with tape.  I tried hand-tightening, and various degrees of tightening beyond that.  I re-seated the connected many times.  They all produced significant leaks.I decided to go to FuzziBunz.com since this site claims it was sold by FuzziBunz.  They told me to contact a person from another website because they manufacture for FuzziBunz(it starts with diaper, ends in sprayer and is a dot to the com address).  This guy calls me within 3 hours of my e-mail.  I text him a picture of my issue.  He says it isn’t their product and they stopped manufacturing for FuzziBunz months ago.  He said unfortunately there are a ton of knockoffs on Amazon so he wouldn’t be surprised.  He tries to help me out but I said I was fed up, I will return it and buy one from him directly.  His are even less money, and I have the guys phone number so I imagine his fantastic service that he gave me when it wasn’t his product will continue when it is IF I have a problem.. spoiler  I have no problems, works great.Beware - I thought I WAS spending the money on the name brand product.  I wanted quality, as the last thing I want is a leak in my bathroom that I might not see for a whole day until its done significant damage to my house.  I now believe either a) whomever FuzziBunz now uses to manufacture is terrible or b) this is a cheap chinese knockoff.