I've had this car seat for 2 years now, and if I could give it 3.5 stars I would.  I bought it because I'd read that it was a good car seat for a compact car.  We have a Nissan Versa, and it definitely fits well.  Here are my pros and cons.Pros:- Fits in our hatchback nicely.  When we were rear facing we really could only put it in the center seat if we wanted to leave the front seats in their original positions, but if we had to move it over to one of the side seats we didn't have to slide them forward by very much.  Now we are front-facing and it fits fine.- It's cute.  Part of the reason that I bought it was the color and the fact that it looks so different from other car seats out there.- The push down buckle.  I'm not sure if this is still made with the same kind of buckle that we originally purchased, but it is much easier for my mom to use (she has Rheumatoid Arthritis) than the push in type of buckle.- Machine washable cover.Cons:- SLIPPERY- Even on the tightest adjustment this has always seemed to slide around just a little bit more than I like.- SNAGS- The cute fabric snags super duper easily.- STRAP HOLDER FAIL- The strap holders don't do a great job of holding the straps out of the way and are pretty much useless.  I spend lots of extra energy getting my son into the seat without poking him in the back with the straps.  Not cool.- BOTTOM BUCKLE FLOPS- The bottom buckle also flops around, so my son usually sits on it while I'm trying to buckle him in.  So I've got two flapping straps plus the crotch strap to pull out from under him every time we buckle him in.  It's pretty obnoxious actually.- STYROFOAM CRACKS- The styrofoam on the sides cracks all the time when I have to move the seat or take the cover off to wash, which totally freaks me out and annoys me.- SIDE BUCKLES MUST GO IN TOGETHER- In order to get the main buckle snapped in, the two side buckles (the ones that start at the hips) must click together and go into the crotch buckle at the same time.  You cannot put one in and then the other.  It's second nature to me now, but it could be VERY confusing if you will be sharing the car seat with other people (grandma, daycare, caregiver, etc.) or if it's going to go unused for any amount of time.  The first time I buckled my son in by myself I had no idea why the buckles wouldn't go in together and I couldn't reach my husband on the phone, so I drove home with everything tied up with shoelaces!!!  So scary and dangerous.  I definitely would not want my mom or another caretaker to be in that position.- OUTGROWN SO QUICKLY- My son is 36 pounds and just about growing out of the top harness slot, so it's time for a new seat again.  Not a con specific to this seat, but I wish I'd bought something that we could use for longer.Overall I wish that I had done more research when buying my car seat.  I will probably not buy this brand again and I don't think that I would exactly recommend it to a friend.