These bottles would be okay, if they didn't leak.  I like the wide mouth for mixing formula and the wider nipple.  Unfortunately, the thin tubing vent system DOES get a tad bit annoying to clean, particularly when I've found the Born Free bottles to work better, (although they still have an annoying tube to clean)... PLUS they have the option of getting wide, GLASS bottles.My ultimate gripe about these is that they leak.  No matter what I do or how much/little formula I put in the bottle, they develop these strange, illogical little leaks.  I will feed my son for 30 minutes with no problems, set the bottle down, then pick it up again, and a big trail of milk will run down the sides, over my hand, all over the table/floor, and all over my son.  I was always so careful when handling them, because I was afraid of jiggling them and causing a leak, but it made no difference.  Wiping  a leak, once established, was useless, because the mysterious leak just continues to dribble for the rest of the feeding, so I had to pour the contents into another, dry bottle to finish the feeding.... particularly fun, when you have a screamer.Also worth noting, the "do not fill above" line on bottles, particularly the smaller ones, is HALF WAY down the bottle!  That's just plain silly.  AND it is at the 4 oz line, which means the addition of the formula powder will put you OVER the "do not fill" line.  I don't have that problem with the 5 oz Born Free bottles... and they give my son less burping and spit-ups anyway.A few positives were noting... I love the solid mixing tops that come with these, and I still use them with our Born Free bottles.  Also, the Born Free nipples are flimsy and difficult for my son to latch on to, and even the level 1 nipples still drown him, so we use the Dr. Brown (level 2-3) nipples with the Born Free bottles instead.  You can purchase both the mixing lids and the nipples separately, so there's no need to invest in the whole system.Update: I pulled one of these out to use today while I did a "deep-clean" of my Born Free bottles.  It was perfectly dry, filled well below the fill line, and wasn't jiggled or turned upside down.  Within a few minutes, it had leaked all over my table, son, sofa, and floor.  I tossed the rest of them in the garbage.