ORIGINAL REVIEW:I love this stroller.  I got it when my son was about 3 weeks old and he is 8 weeks now.  We have been using it a couple times a week since we received it.  It has a really smooth ride and the front wheel pivots which makes turning really easy.  It folds up really easily and the front wheel comes off so it is easier to load into a car trunk.  The seat doesn't recline flat, but it comes pretty close.  Because my son is a newborn, I use a car seat/stroller padded insert; he always seems happy and comfortable.  The parent cup holders are too small for my camelbak water bottle, but a standard soda or water bottle fits.  I also really like the closing storage compartment in the handle.  It is a great place for cell phones, keys, etc.Overall this is a great stroller.  I would buy it again and highly recommend it.EDIT December 11, 2011:2 years later, I have dropped my rating from 5 stars to 3.We used this stroller a lot, about 5x a week, for strolls around our neighborhood.  After having the stroller for a few months I attempted to jog with it and this was the beginning of my realization of its poor construction.  The front wheel locks in position for jogging, but even at my extremely slow pace there is play in the wheel that causes the stroller to shake violently.  The few times I attempted to run/jog with it I always ended up popping up the front wheel and jogging with it in wheelie-mode; not the most comfortable way to run.Besides the Jogging issues, we had lots of problems with the tires.  One of the back tires got a huge bulge in it that would not go away (my husband is a bicycle guy and tried several tricks to no avail), and eventually a leak.  The front tire deflated and needed to be pumped up, but the diameter of the wheel was too small to fit a pump nozzle in (we tried 3 including the one that came with the stroller, which also broke before it ever aired up a tire).  Since we mostly used it on pavement at a slow walk it still rode ok, but it would not have worked for running or rough terrain.We definitely got our money out of this stroller, but we also got what we paid for.  When I bought this I wondered why people would pay so much for a BOB or other fancy jogging stroller when this one worked fine, but now I can understand.  If you want a cheap stroller for walks/strolls on pavement or small gravel (NOT running or jogging or off-roading) then this stroller will do the job.  If you want to run, hike, or keep your stroller for multiple kids, look for a higher quality model/brand.