I placed my order for one of these insert organizers with some trepidation, after reading all the bad feedback, but I really needed some way to turn my LeSportSac medium weekender bag into a diaper bag for an infant and a toddler.The insert arrived in a sealed plastic bag. I noticed that one of the corners of the bag had been cut off at an angle -- perhaps to let the organizer outgas some of the now-infamous toxic smell? I opened the bag and, WHEWWW, yes, it smelled horrible. Like someone had dipped the bag in gasoline.I didn't have enough time to return the insert and look for another one that would fit my needs. So I washed it twice (hot, heavy duty cycle, extra rinse). Took a whiff. The outside was fine, the inside still toxic. I soaked the insert overnight in warm water with Tide Ultra to the "1" line and washing soda, then washed it the next day with the same heavy duty cycle. The toxic scent was now faint. I gave it to my husband to smell and he pronounced it OK.So, if you have any other options for an insert organizer and do not have the time or resources to de-stinkify, do not buy this. If you're like me (stubborn and pressed for time), order this but know that, yes, it stinks.ETA 08/14/13: I've been using the insert organizer for a couple of weeks now. I'm able to fit what I need for two kids in the organizer. I store all the items grouped in Ziploc bags -- infant-sized disposable and cloth diapers plus wipes; toddler disposable pull-ups; extra onesies, pants, and sweater for the baby; extra t-shirt, shorts/pants, and socks for the toddler; snacks for me and the toddler; water bottle for me; a baby book and toy. Because everything is in Ziplocs I don't have to worry about items slipping through the bottom of each cubbie hole. It's a tight fit, though, but I think that has more to do with all that I have to carry for two in diapers.The smell has dissipated mostly. I did notice the first week that clothing had a faint whiff of chemicals when I pulled them out of the Ziplocs -- it must have seeped through the plastic -- but it's pretty much gone now.