I do not like this bag get the Ju Ju Be Be Prepared or the BFF if you want a backpack.  This is a black hole and you can't see anything inside because you pile stuff on top of each other.  The other 2 bags I mentioned are the best diaper bags on the market right now not only because they are washable which is awesome but also because the whole side of each bag opens up all the way because they have gusseted pockets.  I don't think there are any other bags like that on the market.  So you can see absolutely everything in them and have everything organized next to each other not on top of each other and you do not really have to take anything out to get to things.  You can even "work out of the bag" such as when you are feeding the baby mixing formula, or changing the baby.  You never have to take things out and put them on nasty public surfaces at airports, stores ect. That to me is a MUST!  I refuse to put wipes, diapers, or burp cloths or anything that comes in contact with the baby on any public surface so you can have all that stuff laid out in the bag.  It is the best!  I think that is a must in a diaper bag to be able to have everything you need visible and organized like that.  I absolutely love the BFF for everyday use (little smaller but still big) and the Be Prepared for travel or if you are going to be out all day because it is huge!  You cannot go wrong with those 2.  I think they are a must!  I think everyone in the world who has a baby needs to order both of these! Hahaaaa!  The BFF has straps like a backpack but you can take them off so very versatile.  I would not recommend this bag (PackaBe) because of the black-hole issue and also the mommy pockets are too small or rather flat so nothing bulky fits in them.  If you have a bulky wallet or larger tube of lotion or something or a lot of keys forget it they will barely fit and take up the whole pocket each.  OH AND ONE OTHER IMPORTANT THING the PackaBe will not just stand on its own its too narrow so falls over so you can't lay things on top like wipes when you are trying to change the baby.  Trust me you need the other 2 bags!