After seeing the sheer number of the rave reviews I had to get these for myself. I thought these were going to be indispensable to me as a new mother. Afterall, a thousand great reviews counts for something, right? If you are reading these reviews right now the first thing you should know is that Bamboobie offers free products in return for people's reviews here on Amazon. I wished I had known that before I got these, it would have saved me from a lot of stress and frustration. Because these sucked. A lot.At first, they worked alright. The heart shape is more for product aesthetics and not so much functionality. They wrinkled under the bra despite being advertised otherwise. They also never stay put and made my skin clammy. Then when my milk production kicked up a notch at 3 weeks postpartum, these became practically useless. They leaked so badly I had to switch them out along with a fresh bra and shirt after every feeding. I was stuck in a perpetual and relentless cycle of using them and washing them every single day. Yet, despite my diligence of switching my pads out, machine washing them and drying them in the dryer as per the cleaning instructions stated, the middle layer on these pads became incredibly moldy out of no where. At first I thought the blotchy color came from stains from a new shirt in the wash or something. However, it was apparent on the following days that it was mold and it was rapidly spreading within the middle layers of these pads. When I held my bamboobie pads up to the light I was absolutely horrified. I had these things pressed up against my skin and over the only source of food for my newborn. It was disgusting to say the least. I stopped right away and switched to disposable nursing pads, which is what I should have started with in the first place. Disposable pads are so much more hygienic, no leaking problems since they are plastic backed, they don't move around in the bra, they are not clammy against the skin, and most of all - no stress about doing the laundry every single effing day.I contacted bamboobie customer service, bring up my concern regarding the mold issue and their CS rep shot back a snotty and defensive email. The rep went out of her way listing more than a handful ways of everything she assumed I must have done wrong. It was a full-on "don't blame the product blame yourself" email, complete with bold keywords and enlarged fonts of certain statements. Overall pretty petulant and just flat out bad PR. I'll admit the attitude of her response irritated me more than the mold problem itself. In the end, Amazon was kind enough to allow me to return these extremely nasty pads even though I had them just over a month. While my poor experience with these bamboobie pads have prevented me from trying another brand reusable nursing pads, I'm just relieved to be rid of them.