I did not pay full price for this item - babys r us had a sale which included a 15% off coupon plus I had $5 in rewards, so I paid around $200 for the item (bought the multicolor one with the plus fabric), I wouldn't have bought it otherwise.My experience - my baby girl does like it, when she is being particularly fussy, I swaddle her, put a pacifer in her mouth, and put her in the mamaroo in the most reclined position (which is recommended for newborns by the company) on the highest speed. She calms down right away and falls asleep within a few minutes, leaving my hands free and giving me time to relax (and my spouse). However she needs it on the fastest speed (4 or 5) which concerns me if it'll be fast enough for her in the future. Right now she's a month old.  She likes the car ride and tree swing settings so far.I don't recommend the nylon cover for a newborn (which comes in black and grey). it will chafe their skin. I saw a model in the store with the nylon and it's very rough material, I didn't even consider purchasing it because honestly I wouldn't even want that material against my own skin. and you're going to need a newborn insert if you're using this for a newborn, which is sold separately. So you're paying even more for this product than the sticker price - about $280 with the insert, the insert is $30. (which in my opinion is needed otherwise your baby doesn't have enough head support and won't be as comfortable) so now the product comes out almost to $300.I don't think the price is justifiable. While it is a modern and compact looking the swing only has one mobile. Many swings for a lower price have mirrors and all kinds of things the baby can look at. It only sways from side to side and up and down. Other swings can be adjusted to go in more directions. the speed also doesn't get fast enough and there's not a large difference between the different speed settings.A nice product overall, if you have the money then go ahead and purchase it, if you're short on money I would probably go for something cheaper that will probably do the job just as well as this.I won't return it since my daughter does enjoy it but even with the coupon I think this product is simply too expensive.UPDATE: after owning this item for about 3 weeks, I think my daughter started to not become fond of it (in my opinion, because it's too slow). Rarely did it put her to sleep, especially at night when she tends to be extra-fussy before going down for a long 8 hour sleep. I was barely using the product after the first week of owning it. I wasn't sure if my baby didn't like swings or maybe my daughter just didn't like THIS particular swing. It is, after all, much different than traditional swings. After some mental debating I bought another swing, a Graco Duetsoothe Swing Plus Rocker (which is around $150 on amazon as I speak, with free shipping) thank goodness it was the swing. She likes the graco swing much, MUCH better! I returned the mamaroo to the store. She's sleeping in the graco right now as I type this.I don't want to speak too poorly of this product, since it appears to work well for other infants (or so the other reviewers say), and it's very innovative, not to mention eye-appealing product. I wish she had liked it because it's so compact and easy to move around. (the new swing I got isn't) I just think it was too slow to soothe my baby to sleep. So keep this in mind, if your baby doesn't like the mamaroo, you should probably return it and try a difference swing. It's just too expensive to lie around and gather dust.