I have been using this pump about 15 times per week for the past 8 months, and have used a few other pumps as well, so I feel I can finally write a review for this product.PROS-This pump does offer the 2 phase expression that Medela markets so heavily. This has helped me tremendously as opposed to other pumps in getting a faster let down.-The parts, which all pumps if you use them as much and for as long as I do need to be replaced, are easy to purchase on amazon or any big box store-It is relatively easy to travel with being built into this bag, which the bag itself holds a great deal-The pump strength can be adjusted much more easily using the dial than some of the other pumps I have tried-The battery packs batteries are quickly and easily replaceable, just requiring 8 AA batteries. As we all know, rechargeable batteries wear out (think of your cellphone) and therefore pumps that use rechargeable batteries lose a lot of their power over the span of your use. Rechargable batteries=weaker pumping over time=decreased supply-Medela's customer service is fairly easy to work with if you have issues with your pump. This isn't oly my experience, but the experience of my BFing support group, which is 900 people strong.CONS-After using it approximately 500-600 times, the motor is wearing out. It is much louder than it was when I first started using it. It now wakes my husband if I try and pump in the middle of the night. Also going with that, the motor strength overall has declined a little. I used to be able to get the output I need by using a hands free pumping bra during my work day but now, even with the properly fitted breast shields, I need to hold the shields directly to get the output I need. Not great, considering this thing really should last a year and I am only 75% there.-This is an OPEN system pump. Meaning that the bacteria from your milk gets into the machine itself, and there is no way to fully clean it out. So reselling it sets the next user up for a potential health hazard, as does trying to reuse it for your next child. The Ameda Purely Yours, which is priced similarly is a CLOSED system. Medela offers a donation system, where you can get a write off for sending the pump back, which is kind of a nice consolation.-The cooler and freezer bag, while a nice add, are frustratingly small. If you want to put anything other than the bottles that it came with, like a dr browns bottle of milk, or a bag of pumped milk, you are left playing a game of Tetris to try and solve how to make the item fit and not make anything leak-The nipples that this thing came with, throw them out. They are way too fast for a breast fed baby and will leave your baby preferring the bottle and stuck with exclusively pumping.-The little button to re-ignite the letdown phase is just a waste. It is tough to press and the letdown phase can be restarting by just turning on and off the pumpOverall, if this is the pump that your insurance is offering go with it. If I had to do it all over again though, I would purchase the Ameda Purely Yours