After minimal use, I noticed that the chair felt off balance while sitting in it with my infant feeding. It turns out the entire base of the frame cracked straight through!! The chair had barely been sat on, only by me and my kids (I'm an average 140 pound person), and there had not been any rough play. Definitely on reason for the solid wood frame to completely crack. So I initially emailed via Amazon to OJ commerce about my dilemma including a photo. It took a few days for them to get back to me - in the meantime I had contacted Amazon and it turned out that they couldn't do that much for me. When I eventually heard back from OJ Commerce it was them wanting more information regarding my situation via a automated reply form. I filled it out and then called them because I wasn't getting an very quick response and now had had an unsafe chair in my infants room for over a week. They told me that they were not sure why this had happened, had had no previous reports of this happening, and thought the best solution was them sending me a replacement part. They thought it just might have been a bad piece of wood used to build this particular chair? This seemed relatively reasonable though I was slightly concerned about the safety of the next chair. I get an email with the confirmation of this call and it is apologizing that this part is in fact backordered for a whole month! So I call again trying to find out if there is anything else I can do - after all I had bought this chair for the sole purpose of having it the first few months of my son's life to nurse him in and now would go another month without a chair plus have an unsafe chair that my toddler may climb into and hurt herself on. They did not have any other options available to me other than just wait for the part. So again I waited, now fast forward a month later and I receive an email telling me where to return my chair to. What??? I'm not packaging up an entire ottoman on my dollar and mailing it to them. So I call AGAIN, and get told that this email was in error, part of their automated systems, and in fact the part had just come in (it is now 5 days after it was supposedly supposed to have been delivered to me). She happily put in the order for me to get the new part. And I clarified - it seemed like this order would NOT have been made had I not called since they could not actually put the order in until the item was no longer on backorder. Obviously, not an ideal system. Furthermore, now that the order was in, she hoped it would get shipped out by the end of next week! So another almost 2 weeks without a chair. Incredibly frustrating and even after asking directly if there was anything else they could do for me given this ridiculous situation, they offered me $20 in a refund towards my couple hundred dollar chair that I have no had for the first 2 months of my son's life (and still in fact do not) and in addition I have had to keep my daughter from climbing on an unsae chair because I couldn't get rid of it since I was supposedly only going to get a replacement part which I will then have to disassemble and reassemble. Perhaps this chair was a good deal initially and all the reviews I had read were great - but I would strongly advocate for NOT PURCHASING from this company as they are not very concerned with their customer satisfaction after I received a defective chair with alarming safety concerns.