I thought I would love these because the NUK pacifiers are a favorite in our house.  Unfortunately, I have more complaints than compliments about these bottles.FIrst, the "air-wave" vent that is advertised to have the same functionality as the Avent vent system is practically useless.  The nipples have a second hole at the base of the nipple where it meets the ring, and the idea behind this is to allow air into the bottle to prevent vacuum build-up.  Unfortunately, my baby will suck away at this bottle until the nipple collapses into the inside of the bottle.  The little air hole doesn't work unless I pinch it with my fingers while she's eating.  The whole purpose of the "air-wave" is to reduce the amount of air that a baby swallows while eating.  But when I have to repeatedly take the bottle out of baby's mouth to release the vacuum pressure buildup (because the air hole doesn't work properly), she ends up only taking in more air because she has to re-latch on to the bottle every couple minutes.Second, as other reviewers have mentioned, there is an "up" side and a "down" side to the nipple -- it needs to be inserted the right way up into baby's mouth or no milk comes out.  While it's pretty self-evident to an experienced mother when I'm feeding baby during the day in the light, this is frustrating for middle-of-the-night feedings when I leave the lights out.  The "right way up" is also not obvious to babysitters, aunts/uncles, and grandma/grandpa, who invariably end up sticking the bottle in any-which-way.  This inconvenience would be tolerable if the bottle functioned well in other respects.  Since it doesn't have anything to offer besides a different nipple shape though, I don't think it's worth it.Third, the cap doesn't fit over the nipple in a way that prevents spills. There is easily a half an inch between the bottle cap and top of the nipple, which means that any time the bottle is less than vertical (in a diaper bag, for example), milk spills into the cap.  This wouldn't be so bad if it stopped there.  For whatever reason, NUK included SLITS in the cap on either side, so any milk that spills into the cap spills right out. You may as well use no cap.  This baffles me -- who designs an entirely useless bottle cap?  I suppose it's only purpose is to (somewhat) keep the nipple clean.Fourth, the last 1/4 ounce of milk gets "trapped" on the top ledge of the bottle.  The acute corners of the bottle also make it more difficult to properly clean the crevices at the bottom and top of the bottle.I think NUK has several improvements to make... We stick with Dr. Brown's and Avent bottles.