I bought this doll after reading the much recommended toilet training in a day by Adrian and Foxx phds. They specifically indicate you get a doll that wets and simulate it using the restroom and having an accident. On the outside Patty looked like the answer, especially since shes the only doll that is supposed to function as needed for this important milestone. I'm angry that I paid almost $50 for this doll that doesn't even do what is advertised. The manufacturer and seller must know this and they know they don't have to improve the product because they have no competition. If you want a doll that actually pees then these are the only ones I could find as of July 2014. I give this item 1 star because it did not work as advertised out of the box and $50 is a rip off. It is not worth the $36+$9 shipping they are asking but they don't care, they have you over a barrel.Our Potty Patty DID NOT WORK right out of the box. I opened it when my daughter was asleep, read the instructions, and then followed them to fill and test the doll over the course of 3 days. No matter how slowly or quickly I filled the doll she would not produce a stream of "urine" and just made drops, if that. I even pressed the leg with much full body weight and nothing came back out the pee hole but it did the mouth. Then when she was supposed to be staying dry she leaked anyway!With the big day all prepped for and no other dolls to be found I decided to just do what another poster did and squeeze one of the bottles behind Patty's back. We started today and it seemed to work ok but I didn't get to finish the child trains the doll part because Patty didn't work and my 19months old caught on that something was funny behind Patty's back. She didn't totally figure it out because I let Patty end on a high note but we should have done more. Over all my daughter will need one more day because she is young and we got a really late start. It's ok the book has instructions for this...So with my daughter off to bed and being an architect I had to know what was up inside the doll and why it didn't work. So I firmly and gently pulled her leg off.  As soon as the leg with the water tank was off she urinated like a champ! I looked and the doll is poorly designed. Unless they make her bigger it is highly unlikely your patty will work out of the box. Why? Because the legs rotate too closely to the tube that water comes out of and they pinch it into a crimp. Just like your garden hose, it doesn't matter how much pressure there is some crimes just won't pop out. The one in Patty is like that. I will upload photos tomorrow. Once I saw this I tried to open the tube up and sure enough under slight pressure on the leg she went a nice stream. Then I put the leg back on and it crimped back up, no more water coming out. So I took the other leg off to try and see what I could see and that's when I realized if the leg is rotated too much, more than 180 degrees, the hoses will tangle too tightly inside and crimp. I also discovered that the leg with the water was pressing the tube into a crimp. So I grabbed some tweezers and squeezed the tube open perpendicular to the crimp. I put her other leg back on and she seems to work!  I will be trying her again in the morning and see how it goes. I will update this review then too.If your party doesn't work my advice is to take off the leg that doesn't hold water, for our doll that was the doll's right leg, and make sure the tubes aren't crimped. I still think they are asking way too  much for something you have to hassle with this much just to fill and get working. If it was $10-20 I could give a better rating for the effort I had to put in, but $40-50 is way too much.