UPDATE 4/7/14: I now changed my two stars to one star after this morning. I called Colgate today and after holding on for a few minutes, I was told. "No, it's organic cotton. Our other products have polyester. Maybe they put the wrong label on it. It doesn't matter anyway because as soon as you get it, you cut the label off." Seriously??? The woman was nice, but I clearly told her that's not an acceptable solution. If I am paying top dollar for a product because it claims to be organic cotton and the label states 100% polyester, that's a problem. If it is indeed a mistake on the label, then I told her they need to get to the manufacturing facility. Is there no quality control department? Or is this not really organic cotton at all? I am giving them one more chance and will return and place a new order for a different one to see if the label was really incorrect. I also just ordered a second Colgate Eco mattress, which is making me second guess my decision. I will need to check that label too.ORIGINAL: I have the Colgate Eco organic mattress and spent a lot of money on it ($250). I have been pleased with it and was looking forward to buying this cover to match. I received it the other day and noticed that the underside of the cover smelled a bit like plastic. Obviously this was due to the waterproof backing. I could maybe live with that, but....and this is a big one.I would like to know how this is sold as organic ?? The care instruction label states 100% polyester. That's right 100%.I understand that it can't be 100% organic cotton AND waterproof, but there is nothing remotely labeled "organic" cotton, or ever COTTON except the paper product insert and the top of the pad says certified organic cotton. It feels soft like cotton, but is it? I am very disappointed. I would hope that the company would get back to me regarding this because it is VERY misleading to sell something as organic cotton, while it states that is 100% polyester....unless the label is incorrect.Also, a heads up. I purchased three organic cotton mattress covers from three different company and I feel that many companies are jumping on the organic bandwagon and pushing out inferior products with a bit of false advertising. Another product I received - Snoozy organic cotton waterproof mattress pad - states 100% organic cotton surface, but if you look closely on the package, it says 20% organic cotton blend. Again, that is very misleading (and the pad is thick and bulky anyway). Naturpedic waterproof mattress pad felt like a piece of canvas. Not happy with any of them, which is unfortunate.