I ordered this for my 5 year old to replace her car seat and free up some space in our car (we have 3 children). The vest works, I feel comfortable using it but man oh man, this thing is a huuuuuuge pain in the butt to get on and off. It takes about 5 minutes to get it on. First you gotta velcro the vest on. Then you have to buckle it (the buckle you see in the center in the main photo). Then you have to loop a strap that goes between legs, which doesn't sound bad but you have to thread it through a hook that is pretty thin and getting that seat belt material through it is no easy chore. Then you have to fasten the shoulder seat belt (the one that is attached to the car). Then you have to thread the seat belt into the 2 latches across the lap, which again doesn't sound so bad except the latches have a very small opening in them to put the seat belt through. It takes a minute or so to try to wiggle the seat belt in them. Then you have to pull the shoulder seat belt all the way out, then feed it back to lock the seat belt. This vest is in the middle of the back seat of our car, so you have to either get into the backseat or sit in the front and stretch across to the back seat which starts to hurt after a few minutes. It's a hassle and as much as I like to be able to see out of my rear window now, I would not buy this again. It takes way too long and requires too much work.UPDATE: We have had it with this vest. We are buying her a new car seat and giving this to my mother in law to keep just in case she ever needed it to pick up our daughter for emergencies. A complete and total waste of our money. We try to avoid going anywhere that will require my daughter to get out of the car so we don't have to hassle with the vest, unless it's for a long period of time. And for the record, we were perfectly able to "figure out" the vest. I'm not a moron. It just took a lot of trouble for us, especially when we rush every morning to drop my daughter off at school. No need to be rude and throw out personal attacks.