I wanted to love this cup, having been looking for a cute alternative to utilitarian metal vessels, but it's not exactly what I thought it might be. After re-reading the product description, I realised it did say that the cup has a polypropylene insulation, but I think I was thrown by the statement that it was an alternative to "continually buy[ing] cheap plastic products", so I expected something like a powder coated stainless steel, maybe with some kind of enclosed, interior insulation pocket. Imagine my surprise when I open the box having essentially a plastic cup with a metal inner cup. They meant -externally- insulated. Well, I was disappointed, to say the least.Additionally, the plastic then, contrasted with the crisp, shiny metal inside, actually looks kind of cheap. There's a lot of visible mold seaming, and while I don't think it would break the skin, it can make an uncomfortable scratch if the cup was ever roughly removed from the baby's grip for any reason. And though, I suppose, it could be quickly and easily buffed down with a light pass of a fine grit sand paper, I can't imagine many people wanting to spend so much for a cup they then have to do finishing treatment on at home. The way the handle joins with the body leaves a long seam that, in person, reminds me of seeing the folded edge of paper liners inside those cheap, insulated coffee tumblers. I thought the whole point was to not have a bunch of cheap looking, plastic stuff littering your house. Unfortunately, this is probably the cheapest looking expensive cup I've ever purchased. I'm also a little unsure of a small manufacturing hole in the bottom of the cup. Is this necessary somehow or is it going to possibly allow liquid to be trapped between the layers to turn into something foul? The last concern is that the handle doesn't fully join to the body on the bottom. I'm able to gently pry the cup handle away from the body which opens up a gap that's small enough and sharp enough to possibly pinch. I'm not sure that, in normal use, the baby or toddler might manage to pull the handle and get themselves pinched, but I can't think of a good reason this should have been left that way. Are we just betting on hoping the kid doesn't figure it out?Well, on the pro side, the cup is light and easy for my baby to hold. It's super bright, almost neon. I was fond of the "think" message on the front (though every time I see it, it reminds me how I didn't "think" that polypropylene insulation was referring to an exterior, rather than enclosed interior, insulation and I ended up paying 20$ for a plastic cup.) The benefit of the plastic, at least, is that if baby were to drop it, I feel it would be less likely to dent than my very abused looking Klean Kanteen bottle, which is all metal. And sensitive-skinned children will appreciate protection from warms or colds on their hands, thanks to the plastic layer around the cup.I rated a 3 for "It's OK" because I feel the cup is a combination of pros and cons. But because my baby isn't big on throwing or dropping things, I think I'm going to return my cup and stick with the ceramics I already have. For me, the pros did not outweigh the cons and the disappointment with the reality of the construction materials, but perhaps this will be a good choice for you.