My 17mo kid loves eating those commercial fruit pouches so I bought these to put my own smoothies and fruit purees. I have to admit, I went with this brand partly because of the cute animals that I knew my kid would love. Another reason was because they are the most similar to commercial pouches so my kid would have no problem using them. I have now used them several times and here are my thoughts.PROS:- cute :)- pretty easy to clean (I use the straw cleaner from the OXO water bottle cleaner set and it does a good job of cleaning the ziploc seal and nozzle and other crevices)- so far the seal has been pretty good (make sure you clean out the seal before you close it, just wipe with a paper towel)- relatively easy to fill (i just used a spoon). One tip is to put the pouch in a tall cup to help hold it while you pour stuff in.CONS:- SHARP EDGES at base of the nozzle! Maybe it's just my set but I discovered them when my kid tried to drink from the pouch, it would hit her lip and she would say "ow!" At first, I thought she was being silly, but when it kept happening, I investigated and discovered this defect. And it was on all four pouches. And just this morning, she was trying to use the pouch, said "ow!" and then just refused the rest of the pouch because it hurt her. Not cool!- Plastic is a little too soft so it collapses on itself and makes it difficult to suck out the contents. The commercial pouches are stiffer and retain their shape better so it's easier to get the contents out.At this point, I'm not sure what to do... I am not happy about the sharp edges. I don't know if I want to try other brands (i did a lot of research before deciding to buy Squooshi... It was between this and Sili squeeze) but seeing as how I'm out 20 bucks (plus tax) now, I guess I'll hang on to Squooshi for now. Maybe my kid will learn to avoid the sharp corners, but the moment it draws blood, I'm coming back an angry mama and Squooshi will hear more from me then.(Squooshi, if you're reading this, what will you do to fix this? Thanks~)