I bought this play yard because it is 9 sq ft!!!! One of the largest in the market - compared with with Joovy Room2, this is 1 square foot less. The color came into play too. Love the Black and Neon Green options. I settled for the Neon Green because it is a bright, happy color. Okay, here are the pros and cons that I discovered after using this play yard for 2 months now:Pros:Spacious - Couldn't ask for a more spacious play yard. It's built like a square and I can put a lot of our baby's toys in there.Storage - There's a large storage pouch on the paneled side for all our essentials.Paneled Window - This isn't really useful unless we're in the outdoors, but at home, it helps to block out glaring sunlight and filter noise.Mattress Cover - As advertised, the mattress cover is really soft, almost organic! Love it!Materials - I love the strength and quality of this play yard. It will last for years and years to come, babies after babies. Lol.Low lying - Being that it sits on the floor, this play yard will hold up. Even if your child is a jumping jack, it won't be a problem at all. I like knowing there's no floorboard that will collapse when my growing child gets bigger.Cons:Assembly - First time assembly was a nightmare. Hubby and I tried for a long time to set it up. So frustrating. Took awhile to figure out that the manual is FLAWED. The diagram doesn't show a close up picture of the straps. It was illustrated in a way that it looks like we need to pull one strap to straignten the rails, but in actual fact, we need to pull TWO straps TOGETHER with one hand, and using another hand to straighten the rails. We haven't tried collapsing it because the set up had put dreads into us...lol. We won't try to collapse it until/unless it is absolutely necessary. We're not frequently on the road, so this thing is sitting on a permanent spot in our living room. We just got it for its purported portability (21lbs ultralight feature) when we make our annual trips.Mattress - Could use more padding. It isn't as thick, plush or comfy as we thought. It sinks in like a deflated balloon when I put both hands on it and press down - testing out the plushness. So it is not as confortable when our baby sits in there for long. We prefer a springy, bouncy type of mattress, but this is a personal preference.Expensive - It is really costly for a play yard. Wish it is more affordable so we can get it as gifts for our family and friends. If you need a temporary play yard, do not go for this. This thing is for those who want it around for the long haul so it pays off on its own.Additional comments:It is probably our fault for introducing the play yard to her at such a late stage. We got it when she was 9mths old so she didn't like it when we put her in. She was ok in the beginning because it's a new "toy" but after a few days, she began to fuss and get cranky whenever we put her in. My advice is to introduce play yard to baby early so they get used to it.Overall I gave it a 3-star rating due to assembly diffulty (first impression is everything!!!) and price.But because it went over 2 stars, we will probably buy it again given another chance. :)For those of you looking for a spacious, quality, and safe play yard regardless of price, this is a good bet.Just be patient during assembly and remember, pull TWO STRAPS TOGETHER! :)