I have a 6 week old baby and we have been using cloth diapers for the last 3 weeks. I have been manually cleaning the poopy diapers using our super hot water from a kitchen faucet. I did a lot of research in order to arrive at the conclusion that a) a diaper sprayer was in order and b) the bumkins sprayer would be the one to get (pricey enough that there wouldn't be leaks, etc. but not as expensive as the bumgenius). We installed this sprayer today with the expectation that it would be blasting the poop off the diapers. Instead, the water pressure coming out of the nozzle was no different than what I get from my kitchen sink on high. I held a poopy diaper under the spray and nothing happened - literally, nothing.So, we took a trip to the local Lowes and purchased an adjustable garden sprayer for $4.95 and an adapter that would allow us to attach the garden sprayer to the toilet line (3/4" to 1/2" adapter). We came home and unscrewed the bumkins nozzle and put on our garden hose nozzle with adapter and the results were miraculous. The water pressure coming out of the garden hose nozzle is exactly what you need to effortlessly blast the poop off the diapers. I took a stack of 8 poopy diapers (I was saving them up for when the sprayer came in the mail), and was able to blast them clean in under five minutes.Ideally, we will find the three way valve and the hose online so that we can return our bumkins diaper sprayer and make ours 100% DIY... but, the bumkins parts are salvageable: The 3-way valve is nice and the hose is long enough that we can stretch the sprayer to the sink - neither one of these leaks.  I don't like the idea of paying $40+ for these two parts and know we can put them together for way cheaper with a little bit of online searching, but right now, I'm keeping everything so I can continue to clean diapers while the search is on.Bottom line: Bumkins doesn't give you the high pressure spray you're expecting and it doesn't get the job done on poopy diapers.