We absolutely love our Orbit system. This seat is super comfortable for our daughter and she loves sitting in it for long walks. I love how "customizable" it is - my daughter is only 4 months old and when she was smaller, we didn't need the foot rest, so we just took it off, and same with the snack tray. As she grows, we can easily put these things back on. I do have to say, however, that this seat is ridiculously expensive, and for the price you pay, it should come with a simple sunshade, especially because the Orbit sunshade is probably the poorest quality item they sell. The information for this seat says from birth & up, however, we tried putting our daughter in this at 1 month and there was no way the straps would be tight enough. We tried again at 2 months, and the straps were still pretty loose. Fast forward to 4 months, and the straps on the smallest setting are still loose. My daughter is almost 14 pounds, so she's not exactly a teeny baby. I also really dislike that the stroller doesn't collapse with the seat still attached. That means I have to take this apart to put it into my car, and that's a pain when I'm by myself with my baby. It's also a pain to have 2 pieces in the trunk. We only use this for long walks or when she is going to be in the stroller for a longer period of time, but honestly, at 4 months, there is no need for this at all; we usually either keep her in the car seat and put that on the stroller, or I put her in my wrap. I am guessing we will get more use out of this when she is older and we don't want to pull the toddler car seat out of the car, so I really don't recommend this until your child is in the toddler car seat or if you take your child for walks from your house, where you wouldn't put them in the car seat in the first place. I also wish there were more recline positions; there are only 3, however, the fact that the seat lays all the way down is great, and we have used every seat position and like all 3. I, personally, have had no issues with the weight of this or the stroller base. This seat is pretty light. Our absolute favorite feature of the whole system is the 360 swivel. We get so many "ooh's" and "aahh's" over this stroller system and it is SO convenient to be able to turn her whichever direction without moving the stroller. That feature alone is priceless. The height of this stroller seat is perfect for sitting up to a restaurant table or a seat in a waiting room. This seat is also much more comfortable than the carseat. It is very padded and cushy. Also, it has a lot more room than the carseat and the straps are not so cumbersome. My daughter doesn't like to be in her carseat when the car/stroller isn't moving, but she has no problems being in this seat when the stroller isn't moving. It's a great seat, but for $240, I think that's pretty ridiculous... By the time you buy a sunshade, which you absolutely need if you live where there is sun or rain, this seat is a $320 seat..... Don't even get me started on how ridiculous that sunshade price is. We love the Orbit system, but it is ridiculously expensive, and in the case of this seat and the sunshade, I don't really think it's worth what you pay. I really hope we get more use out of this when our daughter is older.