First of all this is not a knock on Amazon because we love and use them often. And secondly I never ever right reviews on products I purchase online but if you are in the same boat we are in with a newborn baby then my wife and I feel that if we can help skip over a mistake purchase than we want to save you guys the headache of returning this product like we did. We were wanting a video monitor for our first baby boy and I searched for a while. After reading reviews this product seemed like a good fit for us. Well it wasn't. There are several things we hated about this unit. First and for most, there is terrible static. The base and camera were less than 20 ft apart. IF someone walked in front of the hand held unit, static or a loud buzz then it went away. If you got too close to the camera, same thing. The hand unit is very bulky and takes 6AA batteries, yes 6! Thankfully we already used rechargeable batteries but it drains them in less than 2 hrs if unplugged from wall adapter. The camera's range of tilt is very limited. You have to have something to sit the camera unit upright on almost directly in front of what you want monitored. The camera also takes several batteries but thankfully we could leave it plugged up at all times. The only thing that worked good on this was the audio when using audio only. But you still had static in it from time to time. WE returned this unit after less than a week and got a refund. Everyone talks about the Summer brand video monitors and they are right. I know they are more expensive but definitely worth it. We got a Summer unit that comes with its own rechargeable battery pack in it and the camera tilts and pans and zooms from the hand unit. The unit we got gos for $175 at Wal-Mart which is way outta our price range but we got lucky and went to a Once Upon a Child store and got it brand new in the box for $60. If you have one of this nearby then I highly recommend you check one out. If not and can stand to spend a little more money then definitively go for the Summer brand monitors. We got the BestView(tm) Handheld Color Video Monitor and it is the most amazing thing ever. We can take the handset anywhere in our house or yard and it has a signal meter right on the set and I've never seen it have less than 3 bars. The MobiCam would barely pick up on the porch without loud distortion unless being put in very specific spots and not moved. All in all I would highly suggest to stay away from this unit. I didnt think the bulkiness would matter but it does. WE didnt think we would pack the hand unit around as much as we do. The Summer unit is sleek and small.