Sooooooo... first off I love Thirsties and out of all the reusable diapers I have tried I chose Thirsties Duo Wrap and inserts. I have been using them for over a year and plan to continue until my baby is potty trained. They have held up due to great construction and I doubt I will have to replace them before potty training time comes.Back to this diaper - the Duo All in One size 2I think the fact that it has been out for many many weeks and not one single review says it all! Thirsties has very loyal customers and we don't want to say anything bad about them but we are not happy with this new version when the previous version (Duo Wrap) is so incredible!!!The Good:  (which by the way is in all Thirsties products with the exception of #7)1. Incredible construction of the product. Seems are perfectly aligned, strong, and sturdy2. Made in the USA (this is above all the best thing)3. The length of life this diaper cover has. Only two sizes to hassle with unlike many many many others that have 5 or more from birth to potty training. Thirsties has 2 sizes and that is it!4. The material is water proof, strong with good stretch for comfort for a crawler5. I love the velcro top, it is just like using a disposable diaper6. The patterns are so cute and such a variety7. The sewn in diaper liner is sewn just in the middle areas to provide easy cleaning and drying8. Safe for washer and dryer :)9. The material outer material is also breathable and I have yet to have diaper rash on my little girls bottom ever since using Thirsties.The Bad: (sorry Thirsties)1. Where are the leg gussets?????? This is the biggest reason for the bad rating for me... the leaking I have is occurring through the leg area. The binding is nice and tight (not too tight) but the binding seam absorbs wetness and then leaks onto the clothes from there. If I do not get to the diaper the second she goes potty it is over... I end up changing the diaper cover since the leg area is wet, the diaper liner itself (of course), and then all the clothes!2. The sewn in liner is great but holds nothing for my little 15mth old. She over fills that in one pee pee (meaning before she is even done going potty it is leaking), so I started using my Thirsties hemp inserts and that helped as far as absorbing but back to #1 the leg outer seam just soaks it all up from the liner then then transports it to the clothes. For those who want to try this option, you can slide your hemp insert behind the soft top sewn in liner. That way the soft liner is against bottom!Sorry Thirsties but I am sending this one back. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Thirsties Duo Wrap and Hemp inserts and will be sticking with those until diapers are no longer needed.See my other reviews to find the Thirsties Duo Wrap and liners that I use and love :) By the way for little little ones that would wear size 1, this AIO diaper may be perfect... but my 15mth old just produces too much for it to hold without leg gussets.Ideas on how to improve would be adding the leg gussets... that would make this a perfect AIO!