I did not love this or even like it much. Normally my online purchases are always a hit and this was not but not a complete miss I guess. I ordered this product when I was about 26 weeks or so and waited until I was 35 weeks to actually cast my belly. Few things to note: you cannot, I repeat cannot do this by yourself. You could TRY but the hard part is applying the pieces to yourself without messing up the cast as it dries. It’s messy! Like it comes with a drop cloth so you don’t ruin the floor or chair if you’re sitting like it recommends. I took a shower beforehand and had to take another afterwards because of the mess. There were 5 rolls of layers I could have put on, I used about 2 and a half just due to time. You can feel it drying pretty much immediately as it is being applied so we felt extremely rushed in getting all the strips put on. The directions are pretty easy to follow and I’d say the first day (since it takes about a day to dry depending on the environment the belly cast is in) is the only day you would need assistance.The only issue with my cast is that is said there was sanding screen? I did not find it until I tore the box apart. All the other items were easy to locate and came right out while this was stuck to the side of the box and easily missed. I was extremely displeased by that. Since I couldn’t find it while trying to finish I decided to do without it after applying the smoother which I was WAY bummed about and thought I could make it work. Welllllll it cant. If you plan to have the layered look and also paint over it or whatever do not use the brush it comes with to apply the sealant. It left little pieces of the brush all over my cast. It looks ugly and ruined and I am so upset. I originally wanted to paint it white and add colored footprints but at this point  (even after actually sanding it), I’m just going to paint it all over and add extra stuff so it looks decent enough to be a decor item. If this was going to be my end result I would have bought the basic kit and used the supplies I already had when painting the nursery and furniture. Sandpaper, brushes, primer etc. So I don’t HATE it because at least I have a keepsake from pregnancy but I don’t like this item and would only recommend it if you have an idea of what you want and how to work through obstacles. Ex: too much water to the smoothing powder and how to fix that or no sanding screen and broken paint brush all over the canvas etc.