I bought this from Amazon upon the birth of my second child.  My firstborn is under two.  It gives the impression of a quality car seat and appears to be used in the promotional images of the expensive stroller I bought to mobilize my two children. The only measure I have to compare it with is the hideous, used, lowest-end Graco car seat that was given to us as a hand-me-down by a friend to house our firstborn.  The Graco worked well enough that we never replaced it.  Where we live, your baby logs a lot of car seat time.  We had the first baby in that Graco car seat constantly, including an 8 hour layover at JFK.  Regrettably, we put it on the curb when it was outgrown.  I had no love for the Graco at the time.  It was ugly and gave the impression of bad design as a result.  But, by comparison to the Mico, it was nearly perfect.  Having just returned from a four day car trip, I now despise this new Maxi Cosi car seat, which I had to pay for.Pros:- Fits my expensive stroller (Baby Jogger City Select) without requiring a strap and wobbly adapter. (only actual Pro)- Comes in black (Phantom) -- but I just saw a black Graco yesterday, so this is not an advantage over the competition.- Gives the impression of being nicely designed and well built (but it is not well designed).- Good padding and fabric inside that gives the impression of protectiveness and comfort, including the head stabilizer, which is substantial (but see first Con which renders all of this moot).- Overbuilt (to the point of uselessness).Cons:- The fabric/padding is not breathable.  Not at all.  I am afraid this car seat will kill my baby due to hyperthermia.  He is dripping with sweat whenever we take him out unprotected.  This was not a problem with the Graco's thin, low thread-count fabric with loose seams and anemic padding.  We have removed the head restraint for this reason, and now we use the car seat only with a cotton receiving blanket doubled underneath the baby, which helps breathability a little.- The canopy does not cover the baby's face. It only gets to about mid-forehead.  Its travel distance is so short as to make one wonder why it is even there. The canopy's sole purpose is as a shade or cover, why is it made of thick insulated multilayered fluffy material that renders the adjustment mechanisms nearly useless? It does not stay in the most-covered position, useless though it is. Instead it wants to rock back to open.  The Graco canopy gave satisfying clicks in many positions and could actually click separately on each side giving you a diagonal option.  It fully covered the baby's face.  I bought a special drape to put over the Mico -- so add $50 with shipping, etc.  More for resentment.- It's bigger than the Graco. I have to put the Mico in the middle of the back seat to fit it in my medium sized 4 door car -- if I want to accommodate a front seat passenger, or a driver.  So I have no option as to where to put the seat.  I cannot use LATCH system properly with the base as a result.- It's heavier than the Graco, by about a pound.  When you are a pedestrian, this matters.- It doesn't click in, or remove easily from the seat base.  It is easier not to use the base.- The handle -- a giant round hoop -- is too large to carry upright when walking.  The baby bounces off your hip at an angle.  The handle only has two positions: vertical - 'breadbasket' style; and back, over the head area.  No clicks in between.  The handle buttons are not easily clicked, especially when in the car.  The Graco had an easier to move handle.- It's expensive.- If judged solely by its utility to a parent who must use it daily, I would have to rate this car seat in the vicinity of complete crap.This review is dedicated to Kate.