We bought this monitor to replace an analog system that was starting to fail.  More specifically, we bought this one to replace the awful piece of garbage (http://amzn.com/B00KN5Q50G) that we bought to replace the failing analog system.The receiver on this one paired with the base easily, which was nice.  We were pleased to find that it STAYED paired, which was a huge improvement over the Delta monitor. The picture quality is good. The receiver has a nice power-saver feature (vox mode) that turns off audio and video after three minutes of noise below a certain dB level. Overall, the performance is pretty slick.Once in while, though, one of three weird malfunctions will happen:1) Vox mode will fail to kick on after three minutes.2) Turning on the receiver will send it right into Vox mode instead of actually doing what it should.3) The monitor will lose its signal from the base and beep loudly.Usually turning it off and back on again will fix those issues.The major downside in performance is that this thing does not play nice with WiFi. At all. It would be more accurate to say that it murders WiFi, burninates its thatched-roof cottage, and pours sugar in its gas tank. My husband, a tech geek, tried a number of things to fix the problem. There was some sort of sorcery with our router settings that mitigated the problem a little bit, but not enough to really call it "fixed." If you don't *need* to use WiFi, then it's not so much of a problem. But if you enjoy streaming music while you do things that don't involve sitting at a wired computer after your kid has gone to bed (and I'm talking about like doing dishes and stuff, not the fun things that some grownups do after the kids are in bed), then it's definitely an inconvenience.Most of my gripes with this system are with the design of the receiver.  I'm not even talking about the "cheap plastic look" that other reviewers have noted. As long as it does what it's supposed to do, I don't mind that. To me the major flaw in the receiver's design is the utterly stupid belt clip/"stand" thing on the back.  It's awkward, un-sturdy, and unnecessarily noisy.  To engage the stand, you have to pull it downward and out and click it into place. It's very loud. And it collapses at the slightest touch, which means you have to do it again. CLICK. CLICK. Very annoying. I usually go to bed after my husband does, which means I'm usually creeping quietly into the bedroom and trying to set the receiver on my nightstand and plug it in to charge without making much noise. This stand thing thwarts me at every turn.I've attached a photo to this review. The gaping turquoise maw on the left is the stupid stand on the receiver. On the right is the clip on the back of my trusty kitchen timer. The clip on the kitchen timer is what the clip on the baby monitor receiver SHOULD be. You press the top inward, the bottom swings outward, and there's a little bracket that drops down to keep the stand engaged. This alone would really be an improvement. I don't know that I've ever intentionally *tried* to disengage the stand on the monitor. It just kind of happens. All the time. If you even so much as breathe on it.I could probably rant about the stand for another few paragraphs, but I don't know if Amazon reviews have a character limit, so let's move on to the wrist strap. The wrist strap attaches at the center top of the receiver, which is a silly place. It either hangs in front of the screen or lays on the stand, which, as previously established, can't bear the weight of such a thing.  I'm wondering why it doesn't attach in the top right corner opposite the antenna instead.The last bothersome thing about the receiver is the location of the jack for the charger. It's on the right side, about halfway up, right below the volume buttons. Not so great for trying to stealthily plug the charger in when you come to bed after your spouse. It's very easy to press one of the volume buttons (or one of the contrast buttons on the left side) and wake the receiver out of Vox mode while you're trying to hold it steady to plug it in. And lest you think "oh, well, there's probably a better way to hold the receiver while you plug it in," I'll just remind you of the noise and instability of the stupid stand on the back. It's really a no-win situation.One more slight minus about the unit as a whole is that the volume is not really loud enough. I'm not sure if it's a function of the mic in the base or the speaker in the receiver. With our old analog monitor, I could take a receiver into the bathroom with me and hear it over the sound of the shower and fan. Max volume on this one is too quiet for that.