I just purchased 3 of these gates since they were so cheap.  We own the playpen that North States makes, and are quite happy with it, so we thought we would try their gates.PROS:InexpensiveFunctionalLightweight yet durableEasily adjustableCONS:Installation is a pain (tips on how to best install below)Gates only open one directionMust be manually locked, and may require a bit of fiddlingIf baby leans on it or puts pressure, it can bendGate cannot be locked into a specific widthSo as I said up above, these gates are really cheap!  Compared to what else is out there, these gates are at least 50% cheaper.  They are functional, but opening and closing them can require a bit of work.  They don't open as easy as simply turning a doorknob, and don't close and lock as easy as closing a door.  There is a tab you must pull to open the gate, and this tab can sometimes get stuck on the gate.  It is hard to explain in writing, but I know with time it will get easier and easier to open and close.  In the present though, it is a bit of a pain, especially if you are carrying your baby.These gates are extremely lightweight yet durable enough to not snap.  They can bend though.  As one reviewer said, these are simply gates and meant only to keep your baby contained.  They are very easy to expand and shorten.  One potential issue with this though is that they cannot be locked into a specific width.  Since they are so new I am not sure if I want to lock them in a particular width yet.  Sometimes when I need to open or lock the gate, I have to adjust the width slightly, but I imagine this will change once I get used to the mechanism.  If I want to lock them in the future though, I will probably simply use tie straps.  Maybe not pretty, but it will do the job.One particular annoyance is that the gates only open in one direction.  According to the directions, they have that set up as a safety feature since they are designed to not open up over stairs.  This way there is little risk of one accidentally falling on the stairs with your child in hand.  I can understand this, but it is annoying nevertheless, especially if you don't install them at the foot or head of the stairs.  We have them installed in hallways and don't need this safety feature.  I'm sure we will get used to it but it's annoying right now.INSTALLATIONSo this is pretty much the key to having your gates operate properly.  You have to take the time to install these correctly.  It looks easy in the manual to install them since all you have to do is screw in 4 clips into the wall (2 on each side).  Easy enough right?  WRONG!  And the reason it is not easy is because you have to make sure they are all aligned and level with each other.  I can only speak for my house, but I am sure many homes are the same - nothing is level in our house!  So when you think you have it aligned to one thing, it is not aligned to something else.  Take your time to install these.  Here are a few tips, based on my experience:1. Measure at least 2 times before drilling your first hole.2. Use a long level, and use a pencil to mark your lines on the wall.3. Measure from every angle to ensure that everything is correct.4. The gates install approximately 1 inch off the ground, so if you have cats, take that into account.  Mine are installed 4.5 inches off the ground (so the cats can go underneath), therefore all the measurements are 3.5 inches higher than what is in the manual.5. Try to drill into a stud (especially for the hinge side), but if you cannot, be sure to use screw anchors.6. Once you have your marks on the wall per the manual, put one of the anchors on the wall and mark exactly where you will drill.  You will NOT be drilling where your initial markers are.I will post an update once we have used the gates for a month or so, but overall, they are great for the price.  You do get what you pay for, but in the end they are functional and safe.