IMPORTANT - The CPSC & Maclaren had a voluntary recall in November 2009 of 1 million Maclaren strollers sold in the US -- all its production between 1999 and November 2009---after receiving 12 reports of hinges on the stroller that amputated children's fingertips.The description on this item says it's not affected by the recall, but to be on the safe side verify production date on the stroller frame and order a free hinge cover from Maclaren's web site or phone line if your stroller does not come with one already (new ones should). Wait until you install the hinge cover before using the stroller.***This is good "second stroller" for quick errands, public transportation, or when you have very little room in your car. I would not use it as my main stroller because it doesn't recline, and cannot give it five stars because for the same price you can get a lightweight full-feature stroller you may use more.I deducted an additional star for the light canopy color which shows dirt easily, not something you want with rough 'n tumble travel needs - I wonder if this is on purpose so you'll replace it sooner. New it looks great, after several months of use, not so much.- Ultralight- Very compact when folded up.- Has a carry strap, so it's easy to just throw over your shoulder if you need to carry your baby & diaper bag or if your toddler wants to walk. You can literally pick it up with one finger and barely feel the weight when carrying it.- For "minimalist" travel, you can put a Roundabout or Marathon in it, tie it with a bungee cord (without the child inside) and push it one-handed while carrying your child, with a backpack. Good option if traveling alone.- Easy to clean plastic mesh seat.- The canopy is larger than the Maclaren Triumph's, but you may still need a sun canopy.- 55 lb capacity- No cupholder and a tiny basket but it works well with a Maclaren organizer. The price creeps up with this, of course.- Quick one-hand fold while holding your baby.- To make it more comfortable for your child, you can try finding a 2007 light grey liner, rain shield and travel bag in a separate Maclaren Volo accessory pack. (You may even find an all black one from previous years - rare though). Once added on though - with the organizer, more money; take a look at the Inglesina Trip or Maclaren Quest - almost the same price with every feature you could possibly want and only a few pounds heavier (see below).Cons:- Hefty price for a simple-looking stroller, but worth it if your main concerns are weight, weight, weight, quality and durability.- The light canopy can get dirty easily. If possible, look for a Volo with a black canopy, as you may have the wheels (and whatever's stuck on them) rubbing up against it when closed (you can place a washcloth between the wheels and canopy but that's besides the point). There are some 2007 all-black Volos if you can find them too.- More suitable for babies a year and older because the harness is a little large and there's really not a lot of support. It's very much like a hammock.- The harness can be adjusted but may be too loose for smaller babies. You can "tighten" it further by putting the harness straps thru the lowest slot in the mesh seat and pulling the plastic ends thru the next hole up, towards the front, but this is a makeshift solution.- It doesn't recline. You can add a pair of 'cradlers' to help support your baby's head once he falls asleep. My baby doesn't seem to mind but it doesn't look really comfortable. Do not fold up the stroller with these on.- No peek-a-boo window to check on baby- The wheels are very small and designed for smooth surfaces. It gives a bumpy ride elsewhere and doesn't handle cobblestone, gravel, or sand well at all. But that's when you just carry your child with the Volo over your shoulder.If you are looking for a stroller that reclines that you can use everyday and still travel with, I highly recommend the Inglesina Trip (15 lbs with all accessories) or the Maclaren Quest (13.5 lbs with all accessories). Both have 4-position deep reclines, adjustable footrests, rain shields, storage baskets, washable liners, reflective accents, carry handles and easy one hand two-step fold. Neither one has a snack tray or bar (for that you need to get a full-size stroller) but reality is, it's safer to not have your baby munching on food while you're not seeing his face (if they start choking you may not hear them, they don't always cough).The sturdy Inglesina Trip Stroller is the best stroller I've tested so far. It has the advantage of having a large waterproof canopy with visor, a navy color in a rugged but comfortable heavy-duty material that hides wear and dirt, reflective trim (for dusk), see-through window on top, rain shield that stores easily in the canopy, tall handles, 6.5" inch wheels and all-wheel suspension to better handle bumpy terrain. It is 2" longer and 1" wider than the Volo when folded up due to it's larger wheels and padded seat. Its child weight capacity is 45 lbs.Some parents like the slightly less expensive Combi Flex Lightweight Full-Sized Tri-fold Stroller in Black/Wasabi; I found it not as sturdy and harder to fold. Nonetheless, it's a good alternative if you're looking for a travel stroller, especially because of its 55 lb maximum weight.Another stroller you might want to check out is the UPPAbaby G-Luxe Stroller, Green Maddy, sold in several colors. It's marketed as the lightest full-feature stroller on the market and highly rated by others. It's very light but I prefer the Trip and Quest only because the maximum child weight on the G-Luxe is 40 lbs, less than others which cost the same.Lastly, beware of weight listed as it refers to "bare weight" without any accessories. A lot of sites forget to add these on - and of course you'll rarely go out without them!In all, the Volo is a great 2nd stroller, as is, but if you want more features you can either start adding them or you can find them in other strollers for the same price. Shop around and if you really want a Volo, look for the black canopy so it will look better longer.