After four kids, I decided to replace my current high chair with a space saver seat. One of the things that bothers me the most on my current highchair is the ridiculous food catching crevices under the seat pad, so ease of thoroughly cleaning the seat was pretty much my top priority. This one definitely hits the mark. Under the pad are three slots for the straps, and two small notches on either side where the seat snaps into the armrest assembly, and one odd shallow little dimple in the center of the seat. Not perfect, but a test wipe showed the worst collection point to be the side snaps. The rest is smooth molded plastic. The pad and straps remove easily, however the seat pad alone doesn't. The clips for the crotch strap don't fit through the slots on the pad, so you have to remove the straps from the seat and then remove them from the pad. I can live with that.The armrest area and the height adjusting handles look like they're going to be the worst grime collection points.The back of the seat is very easy to remove to convert to a booster, and the two piece pad means the booster is still padded, unlike some of the other seats on the market.The seat strapped very securely to my padded seat dining chairs, so I'm happy with the sturdiness and stability overall.I found the height adjustment to be really tight. I had a very hard time adjusting the height to see if there was a setting that made it fit better at my table (there wasn't). Could be the newness of the seat; I don't see me bothering to adjust the height for number four or the upcoming baby, so it's also something I can live with.Also, the recline doesn't work well with my chairs. I can probably gerry rig something to move the base forward on my seats and give me room for reclining. I'm not sure I'll bother.The biggest drawback for me is that the armrests are molded and aren't removable. They prevent the seat from fitting under my table even in the booster configuration, which kind of defeats the purpose of a space saver highchair, and puts a toddler so far from the table that he's bound to dribble on his lap instead of on the table.Overall, if I were only using this for the current baby (12mo), I'd return it and buy a regular booster. Considering another baby using it, I'll probably keep it because our current highchair is shot and this was a much cheaper alternative to a decent full sized highchair.Edited to add: seat doesn't sit up straight enough for an older self feeding infant. Tray insert only catches at the back and is too easy to pop out of place.  Downgraded to two stars. Will probably return and live with our old seat until I find a better option for the new baby.