I bought the Liteway in Fuego from Amazon, it was the best price around. When I go it, I didn't really like the color. It's an orangish red, I thought it would be deeper. Should have gone with the topazio... But anyways. I'm a 4th time mom with a lot of stroller experience. I've owned all kinds! Too many to list!Liteway Pros1. A full one-hand recline (really flat!) my 3 month old is very comfortable in this stroller. Easy to change a diaper in this stroller. Definitely usable from birth.2. Safety harness is awesome, great fit. I like that the snap part is covered, so you can't pinch your baby's skin. Also 2 shoulder positons.3. Stroller height. great for tall parents.4. Adult cupholder. it's large, so you can fit more than just waterbottles.5. Front wheel locks- great for locking straight to go across the grass. Also very easy to remove the front wheels.6. Leg bunting- It's attached and stored under the leg rest. It's not large however and my 3 month old has almost outgrown it. It's not a feature for kids 7 months or older I think.7. It's not too tippy. I can hang a medium size diaper bag (fleurville rerun)on the handles and it doesn't tip over when the child is not in the stroller.8. Super easy to fold. (just like Maclaren.) It has an auto lock when you fold it. I have successfully opened and closed it while holding my child in the other hand.9. So easy to steer! I had to drive it one-handed across a bumpy wooden bridge, and had no problems!10. It's narrow enough to fit through tight spots.11. It's self-locking! This is a huge deal for me because I can close it and load it into the car one-handed.Cons.1. Viewing window in canopy. It's not covered, just tinted, so it lets in A LOT of light- which happens to fall right on my son's face. Had I known that the window was not covered, I would not have bought this stroller.2. Canopy. Size is just OK.  Although, when unattached to the back, it does rotate around to the front to block more sun (but the zipper portion dangles in front of my son's face and annoys him somewhat.3. Weight- this is not a small stroller. Don't let the name fool you, it's not Lite! it's about 20 lbs. The Pliko P3 feels lighter!4. Folded size. It really is not that compact. It's about 1.5 times the size of Maclaren Quest when folded.It takes up a lot of the trunk space in my Yukon behind the 3rd row seat.5. Really small basket- I thought that it would be bigger. I can only fit my Baby Bjorn classic and 2 vhs videos in there. No WAY can you fit a diaper bag. (so I just hang the bag on the handle instead)6. no snack tray7. Always have to push 2 buttons to put down the childs foot rest. Now that he's 2, he is constantly pulling up on the foot rest and peeling off the seat fabric from the attachments, which I then have to put back on. HATE THAT!All in all this stroller is OK. I'm REALLY dissappointed with the canopy. Why can't they make a big canopy like the BOB Joggers? For the price, I guess it's OK. I do wish I had spent the 40 extra dollars and bought a peg perego Aria, Joovy Kooper, or Zooper twist instead...REALLY big canopies on those that rotate to the front...UPDATE: So now I've used the stroller for 2 months and have decided that for the price, this is an above average stroller. The canopy problem I had I fixed with a Kiddopotamus Rayshade for 15 bucks. You can fold the stroller with the Rayshade attached, so I can honestly say that this is a complete stroller now. I'm taking it to Sea World soon and am confident I will be happy. The other strollers I liked were atleast 40 dollars more than this stroller, so I feel that this stroller is a real bargain now. Although if given a do-over, I would probably buy something else. I would change the rating to 4 stars, but I can't figure out how to do it!