it's very difficult to recommend this camera as a baby monitor, consider the fact that it's marketed as one. as some previously already mentioned, the software is very poorly written and implemented. but most importantly, the reliability is below poor. when something is marketed as a baby monitor, you would expect the signal reliability as one of the most important factor. with only one room away from a high end 802.11 AC router Asus AC68 (the voted best and most reliable router of 2014)(note that the camera only supports the 2.4Ghz band), the camera constantly freezes and would often require a hard reset to get it back online. i had done so many hard resets since i got the camera that i couldn't keep up with the count. on an average day, the camera would disconnect about 3 times a day. i believe there WAS only one day that it worked without having me disconnect and reset the unit. most of the time, the image just freezes and nothing you can do to bring it back online for response. it's maddening to hear your baby cry (only one room away), and looking at the video feed and see that nothing is happening but a frozen image. we finally decided to return the unit since it defeats its purpose as a baby monitor.If the frozen image doesn't drive you crazy, the flashing blue light will. upon resetting the camera, a bright LED blue light will appear flashing. this is the camera's default state. it will require you to download another poorly written software that apparently is written with Active X in mind and jumping through hoops to turn it off. Active X is something that Microsoft has long discontinued due to its security vulnerability. and NO you cannot simply turn off the flashing blue LED with the IOS app. the only problem is, this 2nd piece of software you need to download and run, throws a "invalid Var" code when you follow the online instruction on how to turn the blue light off. i was at my wit's end until i finally figured out that you had to set the camera to "no password" in order for the web based software to turn off the blue light. if you have a login/password setup and try to run the web based software, regardless of the fact that you have already logged in, you'll get the similar "invalid Var" return code and the flashing blue light will remain.imagine a VERY bright flashing blue LED light that's aimed at your baby. now imagine that!this thing should never been have marketed as a baby monitor, it's at its best an unreliable hobby web cam. the only good thing out of the whole experience is that the seller was able to give me a full refund.