I realized recently that my husband and I have very few toys for our 3 month old, mostly because I think that a lot of baby toys are obnoxious and/or worthless. I really don't think this is a problem for the most part, but he is now getting to the point that he notices everything and can be entertained by 'things' but not at a point that he can make his own entertainment. So, I decided to look into one of these activity gyms. It took me days to settle on one because they are, for the most part, so visually and auditorily (is that a word?) unappealing, that I hate to have them in my house. Not to mention that they are all plastic and polyester and made in China. I finally decided on this one because it is so high contrast and is reasonably priced. It also seems to have a balance of interesting things, but not too many of them.Pros:1. Our little guy is entertained by this in small doses. I think at some point, though, it becomes too much stimulation for him. He isn't at a point, developmentally, that he can activate the electronic ladybug thing on his own, but he does seem to enjoy looking at the dangling bugs (particularly the orange one) and watching the disc light up. He'll attempt to grab at the bugs and the other plastic toys. I have to lay him on a pillow so that he is close enough to touch the bugs, though. You have to tug pretty hard on them to get them to light up and play music when it's on the motion-activated setting. I'm sure in a month or two he will figure it out.2. I was pleasantly surprised that the music isn't that bad. It's pretty inoffensive and each little song only plays a few seconds at a time before switching to another song. I've not counted them, but there are probably 10 or 12 different tunes that are cycled through.3. It's pretty small and can be folded/disassembled relatively easily to be tucked away or transported.Cons:1. Like I said above, it's all plastic and polyester. I'm not sure why they can get away with charging so much. Nothing really high quality in the box. I would much rather have something made from wood and cotton if I could find it.2. The packaging. I can't remember the last time that I encountered a package as frustrating as this. It comes in this plastic sleeve (like something a set of sheets or comforter might come in). It took me about 5 minutes to peel the plastic sleeve off of the box. There are at least a dozen zip-tied things in the box. Then another couple dozen plastic tags (like how price tags are affixed to clothing), which ended up all over our floor.  The packaging was completely destroyed in the process of opening it.UPDATE:At 6 months our little guy still uses this from time-to-time, although he gets bored with it much more quickly. I switch out the toys that dangle every once in a while to give him something new to play with. He's not sitting up unassisted yet so we still use it with him lying on his back.One thing that has come up with this--and I assume that it's the same for many of these types of activity gyms--is that now that he's rolling a lot, he rolls himself up into a little baby taco in this. He'll roll to his side and grab the edge of the mat and then roll back so that he can look at what he just grabbed. The whole thing collapses around him. The solution to this is to make sure the overhead bars are criss-crossed, rather than being attached adjacent to itself. I think the picture shows them attached adjacent to itself and I thought that the instructions also said that (the instructs are long gone in our house so I can't verify this). He's a pretty avid roller these days so I'm not really concerned that he's going to suffocate (this might be a concern for a child who isn't quite as strong or agile yet but is rolling?). He just gets really frustrated by it until someone rescues him. I would say that it's just something to watch out for. I would still rate it at 3 stars, though, mostly because of the quality of the product.