I bought this for my brand new baby thinking it would be just the all-in-one unit we would need to grow up with him. It sadly fell short on several accounts.We were never able to use the newborn napper attachment because my son hated it. I think the fuzzy material felt strange on his skin. Definitely a personal preference on his part so no big deal. We removed the napper attachment and just attempted to use the raised bassinet portion for naps.The changing table attachment is absolute junk. It is only attached to the frame of the play yard on one side, so when any weight is on it (say, for example, a baby) it tilts down on one side and the baby will fall into the corner of it. We started having to lay him down in the lower corner of the changer at the beginning of the diaper change just so he wouldn't roll on his face. Also, only 7 weeks into use of the thing, the changer attachment is already falling apart. I included a picture to show the damage.We still use the bassinet portion on rare occasions for naps, but my son definitely prefers the rock and play. The information on this play yard says that a standard crib sheet will fit the mat, which isn't exactly true. The mat isn't the same size as a crib mattress, so the crib sheet is too big and doesn't hug the mat snugly.Another thing that fell short for me is the weight, and how difficult it is to take apart. The play yard doesn't fit through any of our doors, so if we want to change it from room to room, we have to collapse the entire thing which is very time consuming. It has wheels, but the wheels don't do a whole lot of good if you can't move from room to room easily. Also, it is HEAVY. I'm not the strongest person, but every time I need this in another room I have to ask my husband to move it for me.All in all, it's not terrible. We still use it occasionally and I'm sure when my son gets bigger he will use it sometimes to play in. But for now, it is just taking up space, used very rarely for a diaper change or a quick nap. I definitely wouldn't buy this again.