This is not sturdy or comfortable for enjoyable long term or everyday use. There are MUCH better "lightweight" strollers out there than this. I would consider this more of an umbrella stroller with tons of extras - just a bit heavier & more awkward to carry than an umbrella stroller.The Keekaroo lightweight stroller is NOT sturdy or secure feeling at all. I'm 5 ft. 2, athletic average build yet my arms just seem too short so I'm always walking right on the wheels as they're not far enough apart. I've had to do more of a diva walk and actually concentrate on where I place my feet all the time, otherwise I trip on the wheel, bumping the entire stroller & jarring my son in it.The hood is flimsy, but it IS made to be able to completely fold compactly. It can be detached from the stroller completely, or adjusted to hang low to block direct sunlight. It's only held on by little strips of velcro, so it flops around and isn't recommended on a windy day.When the seat is reclined, it's impossible to reach into the basket. You have to lift the seat back up, in doing so, there is a loud clicking noise when you push it back up (if you have a light sleeper, you're bound to wake your child up).I liked the padding on the head rest, yet wish there was ANY sort of padding on the sides as my son slides around & slouches from side to side, especially when asleep. Even when reclined, there isn't enough support to keep him positioned well.The leg lift is very nice, probably the best thing about this stroller so it makes using this type of stroller an easy transition for even an infant who cannot completely sit up yet.To sum things up, if you're looking for a lightweight stroller, look elsewhere. If you have an UMBRELLA STROLLER in mind, this FAR exceeds all my expectations as an umbrella stroller!Really just depends on what you want & compare it to.As for an umbrella stroller, I EXPECT it to be more flimsy, fully collapsable where all 4 wheels come together tightly (something my Britax Vigour stroller does not do).It has a very handy handle on the side for carrying it around when collapsed, although the length of the stroller is SO long, I'm constantly bumping into doorways and it's a challenge to sit the stroller upright when you have a baby in one hand and the stroller in the other. I'm in an apartment with 4 flights of stairs & no elevator though, so this is much more difficult to carry up/down the stairs than I had anticipated.Also, the lock on the side does work, but it is very difficult to open up & collapse the stroller in & out of the locked position when you have only 1 hand to work with. It's even a challenge for me with both hands and once I even had to sit on the stroller to get the lock to snap. Maybe it's because I collapse it with the hood though?For the money, I'm disappointed. I hope when my son is older I can use it more frequently as an umbrella stroller. Until he can walk though, or stand on his own without me holding him while trying to fight with opening & closing this stroller, it's not worth the hassle for me to use it, even on short trips outside to walk the dog around the block.