For all of the Phillips baby monitors, you'll hear the same complaints over and over again about them not being loud enough.  That part is completely accurate.  We had a Graco iMonitor before this one and it was easily twice as loud as this monitor.  The problem with the Graco was that the range was often less than 50 feet before it would start beeping that it was losing the connection to the base unit and the static was horrible.  It was a piece of crap plain and simple.  This Phillips unit will never be taken off of the loudest volume setting and will never be as loud as I would like it and I have really good hearing.Beyond the volume issue, this monitor works great.  The DECT technology is fantastic.  There is no static interference whatsoever.  My son likes the music that it plays (though it would be nice to be able to turn on the music from the hand-held unit like you can on the European models).  The talk-back button really helps settle my son down if he stirs in the night and starts to wake up, I can often talk to him without running upstairs and get him to settle back down.  I don't care much about the temp sensor, but it works well.  We only bought the mid-grade unit of the Phillips monitor for the drop-in base on the handheld unit, well worth the extra $20 or so for that feature.  The battery life is great, but mostly the length is due to the low volume not sucking up battery life.  Personally I wish that they would turn up the volume level and stick a bigger battery in the thing.)Overall, I can't find another unit on the market that I like better.  We tried the Motorola one, but that had other issues and we sent it back.  The Sony ones have the same static problems as the Gracos.I wish Panasonic would come out with a baby monitor.  The technology involved is no more complicated than a cordless phone's intercom feature with a mute button.  Why I can't spend $100 - $150 and buy a great baby monitor baffles me.  Other than the volume issue, this monitor is fantastic.  But, the volume thing is a big issue.  We're keeping ours, but only because I can't find a better one.Good luck!!