I've never written a public, negative review of a product. There's a first time for everything...Words cannot describe the seething, firey hatred I have for this item. I have hated it actively, several times a day, every day, since I brought my first baby home in January 2011. When I looked at the pic, I presumed that the "baskets" sat on full, shelf-like dividers, like soft-sided drawers that just aren't connected to the unit. I even figured you didn't have to use the baskets, you could just take them out and use the shelves instead. That's not at all how this piece is designed. The only "shelf" is the top, where you put the changing mattress. Below that is just what I'd call a "skeleton"--kind of like staging?--designed to hold the baskets in place. In other words, see those two horizontal black lines in the picture that appear to be pieces of wood that separate the three "drawers" from one another? They're just shadows. Seriously. If you enlarge the picture and strain your eyes, you'll see there is NO WOOD THERE. The picture is just taken to make it *look* like there's something there.So fine, I misinterpreted the photo. My bad. But without these separations, the unit is more or less useless. Instead of sitting on platforms, the baskets hover over each other on these thin little runners--just one on each side. The problem is that the gap between the runners is prolly about 1/16" wider than the basket, tops. So if you don't balance the basket on the runners PERFECTLY, one side will collapse down into the drawer below it. This happens just about every time you open and close a drawer. And the issue gets worse as time goes on and the baskets start to warp a little bit from use. The 400th time you're struggling to yank open a misaligned basket with one hand while wrangling a crying baby with the other, you'll understand my ragey hate. Ragey, ragey, flaming, sparkly hate.Do Not Buy This. If you insist on having one, please, for the love of all that's Holy, come take mine. Take it far, far away. You would be doing me a great service.