I went back and forth about buying this. But I wanted to try this out because my little dude loves sitting up and it gets tiring holding him. His bouncy seat reclines and he's often gets frustrated trying to sit up more in it. I loved that it has a tray, which I bought as well. I thought it would be a great "drum" for him as he's always swinging his arm down to bop his thighs and loves when I put a box or something there and it makes a sound.The reviews seem to be split 50/50 on it being too small or just right. I didn't know what to think. But then I got a gift certificate for Christmas and thought "why not?".The Bumbo is a great idea. My only issue with it is it's lack of a weight guideline. This is what everyone's issue seems to boil down to. This is the only baby product I've seen with a size guideline based on a developmental milestone. Saying a baby can use it once they can "hold their head up without assistance" does not tell you the size of this product. If they're going to have that vague a guideline they need to offer different sizes. Even if every single baby reached this milestone at exactly the same age they would all be different weights and heights at that time.I also think children's clothes should be sold based on weight instead of "months" which is really a different size for every brand and can give new parents anxiety that their children are too small or too big.But I digress.My son is just over 4 months and weighs 19lbs and is 26 inches. He's a big boy for his age- 95th percentile. But he just started really holding his head up steadily a few weeks ago, at which point he was still 18lbs. I wouldn't have felt safe having him sitting in this before then- his head control made me afraid he'd get whiplash. Even now he occasionally scares me the way he'll whip his head around.I got the box today and was actually pretty excited. We had to wait until it warmed up because the box was sitting outside in 10 degree weather. Then I put him in and waited for the magic.*sigh* So much fail here. The straps are pointless and in a horrible place. Why not put them on top? But he didn't seem to mind, it was under his diaper so they didn't dig in to him while I tried to finagle them out. But he seemed to be stuffed into the seat. Yes, we had to push his legs in a bit but it's a foam seat so it's not like it hurt. He didn't even wince. That didn't bother me. But I couldn't get him out of it without lifting him and pulling the thing off his butt. and the front piece was squishing him in a way I was sure would cause a rash.It's a shame because he seemed to genuinely enjoy sitting up and looking around. He hit the tray a couple times and smiled. But between smiles was a look of discomfort that was becoming more and more apparent every time he turned around or tried to move at all. I think he wanted to like it but it's just too small.So, Bumbo, my advice to you, which I'm sure you don't need as these things are wildly popular, is this: make different sizes. Tell us the ideal weight/height for each size. Babies are not one size fits all.