I bought this back in late January, 2008 and have had mixed results.  Reading the other reviews, here are my thoughts after 5 months of use..."My daughter is only 27 pounds and I have to use both hands to push otherwise I can't steer straight and run in to things/people,"I have not encountered this problem at all.  The stroller pushes easily.  My son loves pushing it himself.  My son turns 2 tomorrow, and can easily push his 60 pound sister when she climbs into the stroller.  (Stroller is not meant to hold that much weight, so don't let heavier children do this!)"have a hard time moving the stroller from a stopped position to maneuver around corners slowly (such as shopping in a mall store or getting on and off elevators)"Yes, I have this problem - that's because the front wheels are damaged!  That's my biggest complaint, the front wheels easily damage when folding this stroller.  I have to replace the front wheels as we speak!"and the bottom basket is completely useless."There's about enough room to place your child's lightweight jacket in the basket - convenient when shopping, but the basket can't hold much else.  And yes, it is very inconvenient to access."Also, I have the hardest time getting over cracks in sidewalks if the surface difference is more than an inch--the stroller comes to a whip-lash type stop and then I have to raise the front wheels over it"Guess I'm just used to tilting strollers, but haven't had any problems with cracks in the sidewalk.However, my stroller has had a few problems pushing as the cheap plastic wheel casings cracked, thus the wheeels wobble, rather than roll smoothly.  I'm afraid the will completely break off soon, thus the need to replace the wheels.  The wheels should last longer than 5 months of light use."Forget strollering on grass or anything uneven"My soon to be 2 year old son has no problems pushing the stroller in the grass - that is until the front wheels cracked.  Now it is a problem, hence the need to replaced the front wheels (both sides)"Don't forget...no cup holder for mom--so try not to spill your coffee while struggling to push through the mall--and no snack tray for baby either."I'm sorry, but anyone looking at the photo of the stroller or reading the description can easily see this.  If the cup holder/snack tray are that important to you, then don't purchase this stroller!"and you think you'll be carrying the stroller on your back with the tri-fold option"VERY convenient for those who live in apartments and must carry the stroller up and down several flights of stairs on a daily basis.  One word of caution.  Unless you are about 6' tall, this stroller will bang on each step if carrying on your back, as you walk down stairs.The full recline feature is GREAT!!  My son can easily nap in the stroller while shopping, relaxing in the park, etc.  Even put him in the stroller at night sometimes when he's fussy.  Walk him around the apartment in the recline position and in a few minutes he's fast asleep.Overall, I give it 3 stars.  I would have rated it higher if the wheels were higher quality.  The wheel casing should not have cracked so quickly.