My daughter is 3 1/2 and this is my 4th monitor. When my little one is resting I'm in "super mommy" mode racing around trying to get laundry/cleaning/bills and the like accomplished before she wakes up. This means I'm up and down stairs, in the basement, even outside. I need a monitor that will not only alert me to the slightest sounds, have great range, but is also portable.My first monitor was a baby shower gift and in truth I couldn't even tell you what brand it was, my daughter coslept and I maybe used it a handful of times and wasn't all that impressed with it. Once she started napping/sleeping alone I purchased a first years 2.4 monitor (poor reviews here but I personally love it) which I think works fantastically, there is a static/hiss that is a constant when it's on but it's a white noise type sound and frankly it helps so I can tell that the monitor is still on and on the correct channel. The issue is that it's fairly large and the belt clip isn't really a clip, so when I'm running around in my super mommy mode it frequently tumbles off my pants and to the ground. This was the cause of death for my first one, I liked it so much I bought another and after a few falls down the stairs it to is on it's way out.Before buying another I decided to shop around, I saw the new fisher price ready2wear and thought WOOHOO something that won't fall off and break! It's sad we get giddy about such things, but I do. LOLI received my monitor today, charged it, and decided to test it out while my daughter was napping. I placed it in a upstairs bedroom with a radio on low, closed the door and came downstairs. I turned it on and realized what my problem would be with it. Only 4 volume choices! The static was almost nonexistant, however even on the loudest setting it was difficult to hear the radio playing (a tv being on would make it next to impossible). I unplugged it and tested my previous monitor, lots of typical white noise/static but I could also hear the radio just fine with the volume turned low, and even better if I turned the volume dial up.As I stated earlier I'm usually doing housework when my little girl is asleep so that means the washer or dryer might be going, I might have the tv or radio on, a vacuum even. With my other monitor I'd just turn up the volume and know I could hear her. With this one I don't have that option and I really don't think I'd hear her (at least those first quite ever so important to reach them before they full wake up) noises if I was doing anything other then sitting quietly reading.If only this had a wider range of volume options I think it would be near perfect, add in the option of vibration for noise or a earjack so I could use it when mowing the lawn or vacuuming and I'd be in heaven.We are about to add a wireless router to our house, and I've read my beloved 2.4 monitor might not work, so I might be stuck with this one... well I have been wanting to read a few good books & have an excuse not to do housework <wink> LOL::UPDATE::I've been using this monitor all week.What I'm loving:I'm loving that it's so portable, the clip is wonderful and won't pop off clothing so that's what I use the most, although the bands seem great too.I still feel that the 4 volume levels are less then perfect, they work fine for me now since my child is older but for a young baby I'd want something I could adjust more (to be able to hear those first low cries etc)Love how static/interference free it is, it's silent compared to my old monitor (2.4ghz)What I'm not loving:The first 2 nights (I have it on the charger turned on all night long so I can hear my daughter if she calls to me) is that even though it was on the plugged in charger it would go off in the middle of the night with a loud "low battery" warning which besides waking me up scared me the first night. I had to turn it off and back on to get it to stop. I've since reset it per the directions in the manual and so far it seems to be working right (although I still can't figure out why the low battery warning would go off  when it was plugged into the charger)As we all know monitors are great for hearing your child but sometimes you can pickup on phones or neighbors and they can hear you. So it's always recommended to turn off the unit when you're not using it, guess what... there is NO power button on the child unit, which means I can't turn it off w/o unplugging it. It's plugged in behind her end table and I'm not moving a table to reach down and unplug it and replug it every time I want to use it so I just have to hope our neighbors aren't listening in on us!!! Terrible design flaw if you ask me.I've also noticed that the child unit power plug gets VERY warm to the touch, it's identical to the parent unit plug which doesn't get warm at all, I'm going to be calling Fisher Price to ask about this and make sure I don't have a faulty unit... scares me that something that gets that warm is plugged into my childs room.::NEWEST UPDATE::It is once again going off with the low battery warning in the middle of the night and needs to be taken off the charger, turned off, put back on the charger, and turned back on to stop (fun at 3am). The plug on the child unit was still very warm. I called fisher price today, they were nice however their solution wasn't practical. They said they will email me a postage paid label and they'd like me to send it back to them, once they get it they will issue me a refund (they had a set amount, which was $10 less then what I paid, when I said this she said to send a copy of my receipt and they'd adjust the refund). I asked wouldn't it be easier to return it to the place of purchase myself, and was told "well you could do that, we prefer to get it back directly but you'll ahve to do what is best for you" so I'll be returning it myself for my full/instant refund. When I asked if this was normal I was told it isn't, the plug should be cool and it shouldn't go off in the middle of the night, she suggested interference but when I pointed out that we don't even have a landline phone (we use our cells only) and no wireless she had no response.Very disappointed. I guess I'll go back to my previous monitor and wait to see if they redo these, maybe with a power switch on both units etc.I recommend holding off as it seems they just aren't there yet with this monitor.