I've been using these Kiinde twist pouches for about a month.  I have a Spectra 9, bought the adapters and pump directly into the bags.Pros:- I love that this system allows you to not need to pump into a bottle and then transfer into bags.  This cuts down on cleaning bottles which is AWESOME.- I can also keep a box of the bags at work and won't need to commute with a couple of bottles everyday.  All I have to bring are the flanges and pump.Cons:- I used to use Lansinoh storage bags and the Kiinde pouches take up much more space because of the twist cap.  It's also harder to organize in my freezer because it can't freeze flat like the Lansinoh bags.- Its hard to really gauge how much milk is in the pouch and how much your baby is drinking.  You have to make sure the bag is fully expanded.  If it's not entirely expanded, it could mean the difference of mistaking it for a full ounce more than what you actually have.- Despite the fact that the pouches take up much more space in my freezer and the difficulty to measure milk accurately, I'm knocking off 2 stars because I've noticed debris inside a few new unused pouches.  Out of a box of 40, I've thrown out about 5 pouches because of this.  The first time, I noticed a couple of small pieces of what looked like card board.  They were about 2mm wide and the only reason I noticed them was because they were brown and stood out in a bag of white milk.  I was so annoyed that I had to throw out a whole bag of milk.  From then on, I'd inspect the bags before using.  They look clean for the most part and I'll throw out any that have specks of stuff in them, whatever they may be.  I've seen white specks that I'm guessing might be tiny plastic pieces that is the same material as the bag.  I've seen dark brown specks which I can't figure out what it is.  I just question how sanitized these bags really are.  I've never had this issue with the Lansinoh storage bags.Update: I'm adding two pictures of two different pouches with some sort of debris inside.  In the first photo, you can obviously see a brownish substance.  In the second photo, there's a small white speck that I've pointed to with the tip of a pen.  While it's still small, I don't want my baby drinking this in with breast milk.UPDATE (8/1/16): Kiinde's customer service left me a comment to contact them.  I did and they offered to send me a free box of twist pouches and noted that the box I received was a result of a rare instance of poor quality control from an older batch and assured me that their pouches are safe and sanitary.  I thought this was a nice gesture and since I really want to make this work because it is a much more convenient concept for this working mom, I decided to keep using the pouches.  I have an oversupply and have been building up my frozen milk stash so I'm in need of a lot of twist pouches.  I've ordered 5 boxes of 80 since my last review.  I check each and every pouch before I use them and unfortunately, I have had to throw out about 10 pouches per box because I've found brown specks inside.  It might not bother some people but since I don't know what it is, I would rather throw it out than have my baby ingest it.The new pouches can hold 6oz and the bags are wider.  The material also feels thicker and sturdier.  However, the measurements on the bags are off.  I tested this out by measuring 4oz of water in a bottle and then pouring it into the bag.  With the bag fully stretched out, it measures 3oz.  I took another step and verified this by weighing the bag on a food scale and it is indeed off.  What I do now is weigh all my pouches before I freeze them and write down the correct amount on the bag next to the date.Additionally, the pouches are taking up A LOT of space in my freezer.  I can't stack them as compactly as the Lansinoh milk bags.  I'm at the point where I either need to buy a freezer chest, go back to using the Lansinoh milk bags or get rid of some of my frozen supply.  I'm not willing to throw out any milk in case I ever get sick and lose my supply but I am seriously considering going back to using the Lansinoh storage bags.  They are just much more easy to store.