I have been a user of Medela pumps: I have a Pump in Style Advanced at home and use Lactina and Symphony at work. So when I saw this, I decided to give it a try. What really drew me to this is that it is suppose to be more comfortable and express more milk in less time. So based on my experience with Medela pumps, this is going to be a comparative review. I have also been expressing milk for almost 11 months now.First of all, what you get in this pack includes the pump and parts, two bottles, a bag, and bonus items that contain breast pads, an additional travel pouch, and a bra clip that is suppose to help remind you which breast you fed from last. What is nice is that the parts are already put together so you can start pumping right away. My initial thoughts were, wow there are a lot of parts! But truth be told, there is really just one extra part to clean compared to the Medela pumps. I would have to say that Medela does a better job with what they provide in their bags. I would have liked more bottles since only two is not enough for pumping and storing. I could never store it in those bottles since I needed them to pump. Please note they are much wider so Medela and Ameda bottles would not work. If you get this, definitely get more Avent bottles. Also, Medela gave me an ice pack and storage cooler for my bottles. You won't get that with this. I would have been fine without the breast pads and would have taken more bottles and maybe even a storage pack for the bottles. The bra clip also did not look anything like what it showed on the box and I couldn't get it unsnapped. It was very difficult so I just never used it.That being said, Avent has Medela beat on the weight of the pump. It is a lot lighter and I do like the design of this pump. It is very attractive and easy to carry around. Also, even though it has one more part to clean than Medela, it is a lot easier to take apart for cleaning and since everything is wider, it's easier to get the bottle brush inside to fully clean it. The cushion is also nice as it provides some padding for the breasts. The one part I was a little bit disappointed on was the cover for the cushion part. It only serves as a cover and doesn't covert to where it could be a stand for the bottles. I've seen this done with other pumps before so it would have been nice if it had a dual purpose.Now, another thing I like about this pump is the design of it. The tubes are connected in a way that milk will never end up in them. This is an issue with Medela pumps. No matter which Medela pump, I've always found a little bit of milk ending up in there and then having to run the pump to somewhat help it after pumping. The only thing is that the part that the tubes connect to (the cap) can get a little bit stuck so after pumping, you have to really yank the top of it to disconnect it from the silicon diaphragm that's connected to the pump body.The pump itself is extremely loud when run and is louder than any of the Medela pumps. I was surprised by the noise considering the sleek look to the pump itself. It will start out with the let down, which I found a little bit weak for me. You have to really position it right for it to get correct suction and there is no way to increase the suction on the let down. The let down also takes longer than my Medela pumps. Then, while Medela pumps will usually switch to the regular pumping after 2 minutes or so, you have to take your hands off of the pump and then press another button on there to start the regular pumping. I have to use the highest suction strength to get this to work properly. I was going to give this more stars but I actually found that I get around the same amount of milk or maybe even less than the Medela brands. I am lucky to get 4 oz. out of a single pumping session whereas I can usually get that easily. This could be because of the way my breasts are and it isn't as compatible with the massage cushion. It is also harder to see how the milk expressing is going. The way it is designed, I can somewhat see what goes in the bottle but hard to see what is coming out of my breasts.Overall, this is a decent pump. I don't know if I would pay that much for it considering I paid a little less on my Medela pump and seem to get more with that. It can be improved upon but it also has some great features, such as it is easier to clean and the tubes are better designed. Either way, I will still use this from time to time but right now my main pump is Medela.