I'm on my third child and I can honestly say I've tried just about every kind of baby carrier/sling on the market. I have had the original Baby Bjorn from the start of my first child and still use it a lot. It doesn't offer the side feature. I've tried the slings that simply go over your shoulder and for my height, 5'4", those never seem to work. I've tried other kinds that are back carriers, side carriers, etc. They were too complicated. I have 4 types of carriers and this makes #5. Some work for my husband better than me so I've kept them. This one is different, but only that. It's not really better than the rest. I was looking for one that served all purposes...back carrier for my husband, side and front carrier for me. I just got it today and it's complicated to put on...something that will get better over time, I'm sure. It rubs on my neck...also something that I can adjust if I wear something underneath. I really wasn't expecting the bulkyness. It has a lot of clips and straps that are and aren't used depending on the position, which make the installation harder than necessary. The Baby Bjorn at least has some tabs marked left and right. It would be nice to have these labled somehow. Once I figured out how it went, it was too big for my son (6 weeks) to be carried safely on my hip. Oh, and it's not really a 'hip' carrier. He's more to the side, which still makes doing dishes or anything else hard. He does like it and he even fell asleep in it, but when I went to unload him, it was a disaster. You have 4 clips to undo before you can get the baby out. With the Baby Bjorn, it was so easy to unload and lay them down at the same time. Once I had him unloaded, I had to unclip two more clips behind me, which woke him up. I'm sure I will get better at this, but for an all-in-one, don't expect the best. It still has the feature and problems of all the rest. I do recommend trying it to see if it works. I'm sure I will make use of it somehow. My son is a spitter and he wasnt even in it 5 mins before he spit all over it. I doubt I would have returned it anyhow.