Two stars for the mattress, five stars for Naturepedic. I wouldn't recommend the seamless mattress, but highly recommend the same version but with seams. I bought the seamless mattress because it sounded as if it would be easier to clean if it ever got soiled (despite a crib sheet and mattress protector constantly keeping it clean). I purchased it months before my son was born to ensure that the crib was ready to go and of course he didn't start using it right away. He is now 4-months-old and has been using it on and off for about a month. It seems to be comfortable enough for him, BUT now that he can move around in the crib a bit by twisting around, it is obvious how rounded the mattress is from the middle out to all of the edges. They are so rounded that it helps him easily roll himself over from the middle of the crib into the slats on the side of the crib. On multiple occasions after rolling into the slats he has hit his head hard enough to cry and frequently gets his legs caught between the slats of the crib since the mattress has a tendency to roll him right up against them.I called Naturepedic to inquire about why our mattress seemed to be filled with air making it round and their customer service is AMAZING. Like really amazingly good. They apologized and offered to send a new mattress right out. I almost couldn't believe what I was hearing. I had to ask the woman I was speaking to repeat herself. They didn't ask what I could have done to have caused it, they didn't quiz me on what exactly the issues are, they just said "We'll do whatever it takes to make sure you're happy. We'll send you a new one right away." They immediately sent out a completely brand new mattress and a return label for the old one. Just like that. I even asked if I could instead be sent the non-seamless, classic mattress this time around since I felt like the seamlessness was trapping air inside and they said, sure no problem. The woman I spoke with agreed that sometimes there is air trapped in the seamless one (that is how tight and sealed up they are), so that is probably what the issue was (you could put your hand down on it on one side and the other side would pop right up in the air).Our new seamless classic mattress is GREAT and very flat. These are very high quality mattresses and heavy, solid pieces that fit like a glove into a standard sized crib. I'm certain we'll be able to use it for multiple children, which is great. I can't say enough about what a great company Naturepedic is to stand behind their products the way they do. And non-toxic to boot! I'm very glad that we chose to buy our mattress from them along with all of the bedding, mattress protectors, changing pad, changing pad covers and junior pillow + pillowcase. All great purchases and high quality.