I require a monitor w/lights because of a hearing disability. Anyway, I accidentally broke our monitor that worked awesome, so I promptly got on the net to try to find a replacement because I HAVE to have a monitor. Our original monitor is no longer made, & it was Friday night, so I was unable to call Safety 1st to see if they still sell it. I was not going to hold my breath because our original model was 5+ years old.Anyway, I looked high & low for one w/lights, because since I have a hearing disability, I cannot always rely on my hearing, so I also needed a sight indicator that my baby was awake (or sleeping peacefully). Well, I went to Target because there are no other stores that sell baby monitors in my area (we have a Super Wal-Mart/SWM, but they only had 2 monitors in store for sale, & they were not good quality). I bought this one because of the reviews, & was horribly disappointed at the terrible quality of it. It has some awesome features (rechargable batteries, 2 receivers, complete portability), but the fact that my baby has to be screaming at the top of her lungs & have purple in her face from doing so to get the monitor to light up, & the constant static are forcing me to return it promptly!!!!! Good thing I was extra aware & was waiting for my baby to wake up (so I knew when she was awake & wanted me) because she didn't have to rely on the lights to alert me to her being awake. After I picked her up, I asked my older child to go in the bedroom & talk to me... no lights! I told her to talk louder... NADA! Then I told her to yell... FINALLY it lit up!!!I don't know about anyone else, but I don't want my baby to have to scream at the top of her lungs to let me know she needs me!!!! I assume other parents would share my feelings, & if so, be sure to use caution when trying it out for the 1st time w/your baby/child.Safety 1st was open this morning, & I promptly called them. They actually have a few of the original monitor I had that got broken, so I ordered a replacement!!! What a relief!!!! I had scoured the internet for another super sensitive monitor (which I had originally bought before I lost my hearing in one ear), but found none!!!! It seemed as though my only option was going to be a video monitor, but those were so pricey. Anyway, I am thrilled that I am not going to have to deal w/this terrible monitor much longer!!I do recall when I originally bought our monitor 5 years ago, I had to buy 10 different ones to get one that didn't have static, & one that lit up properly. I thought that surely the technology had to have improved over the past 5 years, but obviously it hasn't. I also saw monitors that I had tried in the past had 4-5 stars, but didn't work at all for me. If you are looking for a monitor, I would suggest buying a few of them & trying them out in your home because every house is different as far as different sources of interference, etc which may impact how a specific monitor works for someone. What works for me, may not work for you & vice versa. Also, try using your microwave, cell phone, & cordless phone near the monitor to make sure they do not interfere w/the monitor. There is nothing like having your baby scared out of his/her diaper when their monitor picks up interference & makes horrible sounds!The monitor I LOVE so much & that works so great is the Safety 1st 900mhz Grow-With-Me Monitor. When I was trying to find it before I could reach Safety 1st I saw it didn't get really good reviews (2 1/2 on Amazon.com & 3 1/2 on e-pinions.com), but I myself would give it 5! It does have it downsides (1 receiver & no rechargable batteries for the parent unit), but I would take those for being able to hear my baby breathing (YES, it is THAT sensitive) or if she is having difficulty.Hope you find a monitor that works well for you & your family!!!