I purchased this item to keep a 2 1/2 year old in his newly converted toddler bed (was a Delta crib).The  instructions were confusing. I put it together, then had to completely disassemble it and start over. It would be helpful if the manufacturer had a video on their website or on YouTube or here on Amazon to show how to assemble.I found out the hard way that the provided screws to lock the guardrail in place on the opposite side of the bed are too short. They are supposed to insert through the bars and clamps and then fasten on the bottom with the provided wing nut. I tried everything but could not get the screw to fit through the bottom of the clamp. Eventually I went to my toolbox and found longer bolts that fit easily through both holes of the clamp and locked in place with the wing nut.The provided Velcro straps are a bit odd. Each strap works like a belt to secure the guard rail to the bed frame. But when I tightened and got ready to secure the Velcro, I found that I was trying to stick the smooth side to the smooth side (or the rough side to the rough side) which doesn't work. Not a big deal - I just twisted the strap around before trying to adhere it, which allowed for the smooth side to be facing the rough side of the Velcro. Again, easily corrected, but it would have been nice for this to be notated in the instructions.I find the hinged releases on either side of the guard rail (which allows you to lower the guard rail) are very difficult to unlock to release. Also, once the rail is lowered, it does not hang vertically and flush against the bed as depicted in the photos. Instead, in my instance, the guard rail hits the floor at an angle. We cannot leave the guard rail in that position since someone may trip over it. Given the earlier problem with the difficulty in releasing the locks on the guard rail, we'll just keep it in the upright and locked position.Once completed, when I was giving it the once over, the rail appeared to be sturdy, but the mesh seemed to be unattached. Once again, somehow I missed the instruction (if it's even in there) on sliding the horizontal bar through the mesh. Fortunately it was easy to correct the problem and now the mesh is tightly in place.It probably took a total of 2 hours or more to put together - mostly spent trying to fit the too-short screws through the clamps.Now that it's fully and properly assembled (I hope) and installed, the guard rail appears sturdy and ready to do it's job.So my 3-star review is a combination of 1-star for poor instructions and not providing the proper sized bolts, and 4-stars for the assembled product.(even though it has not been used yet - it appears as though it will be fine). The average is 2.5 stars, so I rounded up :-)