Father of twins, now 5 months old, and this swing has been the most frustrating baby related item I have encountered. Here's the story:We put two of these on our registry, as my wife liked the color and the reviews (at the time) were favorable. We received both. Great! At first, we noticed they didn't swing at a consistent speed, but would speed up or slow down at times. They worked okay, with some minor "clicking" noises and other occasional issues (inconsistent speed, stopping at times or slowing down to a snail's pace, etc.) but overall we would have rated them 4/5. After a few weeks, they really started to slow down. Keep in mind, our girls arrived early, at just over 6 lbs. each, and at 5 months weigh just over 13 lbs. We aren't putting them on top of each other in the same swing. Weight isn't the issue.Shortly after slowing down, one altogether stopped swinging without our nudging it. We returned that to Amazon for a replacement. The replacement worked better, but not by much. A few more weeks passed. We again went to Amazon, unsastisfied with the poor preformance, but we really didn't want to go with another model as we liked the way these swings would swing and didn't want to mix things up on the babies. Two more swings arrived. This time, one was the wrong color, and the other was dead out of the box. We replaced both, and are currently using those, hesistantly. One works great. The other not so much.All in all, we've gone through, what, 7 of these swings? Amazon keeps replacing the replacements, but I feel like I'm on some list somewhere. I actually got an email about all of the returns. Very friendly, but I can't help but feel like they're I'm going to try to log in one day and find out my account has been closed.Oh, maybe you're thinking, why didn't he call Graco for a replacement and leave poor, sweet old Uncle Amazon out of this? Well, you'll be pleased to hear I did. For the first swing. I've been on a waiting list to receive a replacement motor for months. It should be coming early December. My fingers are half-heartedly crossed.If you can help it, please avoid these swings.