I tried ChooMee caps to avoid pouch spillage, but my son didn't like the caps, and refused to touch the pouch with one on it. Enter this product...The cases seem to be well-made enough that they should survive a few months of use by your average toddler. I do feel the need to handle it quite gingerly when opening and closing. The side joints are just thinned areas of the plastic that seem like they would wear out eventually, but if you don't twist the "door" part to start a tear in that hinge, it seems like it should last for at least a couple hundred or so uses. The design with the wrap-around tabs that clip to secure it closed feel a little thin/flmsy, but they work quite well and seem secure when closed. This could be one of those items that seems a little flimsy, but lasts for quite a while longer than you'd expect. I'll be sure to post a follow up to let you know. You are probably wondering why I am reviewing this now, instead of waiting until I have those answers for you... I want to share a few basic design flaws that will prevent you from wasting money.This item cannot be used with ChooMe caps ChooMee Sip'n Soft Top with Flow Control and Cap for Food Pouch Feeding (Red Purple Orange and Aqua), 4 pack, at all. The cap -if properly attached- should be pushed firmly down onto the spout until you hear and feel a pop. The pouch has a sort of collar that secures it into the EasyPouch case. That snap is the cap securing under that same collar. You can use one or the other, but not both at the same time. I posted pics to demonstrate this for you.This item also cannot be used with several brands/styles of reusable pouches. I mostly use Resqueeze reusable pouches ReSqueeze Reusable Food Pouch (8-pack). I managed to fold and cram the pouch into the case, only to find that closing the EasyPouch case forces the ziplock type closure across the bottom to pop open. This allows the contents of the pouch to ooze out into the case. I also tried this with another brand of reusable pouch that has the closure on the side instead of the bottom, and had the same thing happen. I was able to successfully use this with the single use pouches from Infantino that I only use when I will be feeding away from home. Infantino Squeeze Pouches, 50-CountIf you are going to use this with single use pouches, I did find a silicone cap that can be used with the EasyPouch case. These Pouchpop caps are basically a soft straw-type extension that screw onto the tip of pouches using the threading their tops came screwed onto. Those toppers are an open tube, so they do not prevent spillage like a ChooMe, but using them with the EasyPouch case leads to very minimal spillage. PouchPop Topper 2 Pack for Pouch Feeding, 4 Months Plus - Red/OrangeI posted photos with pouches using both types of toppers and showing the scenarios I mentioned with the reusable pouches. This product is basically useless for me personally due to not being able to use it with reusable pouches. If you exclusively use single use pouches without toppers like ChooMe, this is the product design for you.ETA: Months later, I have used these several dozen times with the Pouchpop topper, or no topper at all, and the cases have performed well. I have always handwashed them and they still look brand-new. My son did find that he can sling food out of them (physics, yo), but they are still much less messy than a pouch not enclosed in the case.  We have not yet had any cracking or breaking of the plastic, and my son (now 18 months) has not yet come close to figuring out how to open them.