First let me say I'm not kidding, crazy, or exaggerating, and I honestly have no interest in any outlet cover company; I could care less other than my child being safe.I completely agree with a previous reviewer that this outlet cover does not sit flush with wall IF YOUR OUTLET IS THE STANDARD OVAL SHAPED OUTLET WITH ONE CENTRAL SCREW (as opposed to two screws at top & bottom of cover).  My outlets I believe are very very common --- those oval type plugs: flat on top and bottom of each plug with curved arc along right and left sides.So when I took off the existing cover and pressed the Home Safety "Universal" Outlet Cover to the wall (without screw at first), it was not flush.  Then, I tried screwing it in as tight as I could (I even thought I stripped the screw) and could not get the edges to sit flush against the wall AFTER AT LEAST 5 TRIES.  Thus, the edges were quite loose (not just a little) with a 1 mm gap all the way around (a small spider could get through).  I even tried modifying the design by cutting off the small plastic spacers on the back side of the cover, hoping they were the issue --- but no cigar.After further analysis, I determined that the "cut-out" (recessed area) on the rear of the plate is too shallow.  I kid you not.I rarely review items, but this design appears so flawed that I had to speak up.  I can never understand why something like this would get so many 4 and 5 stars ...On a totally different topic --- I once made purchase decisions after reading/tabulating reviews.  I'm not suggesting reviews are bogus for this product (I have no idea), as it probably works well for those who rate it high.  Just as an aside, please google "how to tell fake reviews on Amazon or products".  Bottom line -- decide for yourself.Again, I have no interest in other companies, am not a former employee, etc.  I first purchased two "Mommy's Helper" outlet covers which fit perfectly (rear cut out EXACTLY CONFORMS TO MY STANDARD OVAL TYPE OUTLET) and it's deeper ----- I then bought these which I assumed were the same product from the frontal appearance.  But they are not.  This outlet cover that I'm reviewing has a rectangular type cut out that is supposed to accomodate all types of outlets.  Perhaps it works for the newer (rectangular) outlets but not mine.  Our home was built around 1980.I hope my investment of over 30 minutes on a Saturday night at least helps others.  Try buying one first of each brand then seeing which one fits better.