Omg!  Save yourself the money and heartache.  At first, when I seen the picture, I was impressed at the price and sadly to say what they "claim" it was worth.  I thought for sure we would be getting a high quality crib.  WRONG!  For starters, the first crib came with so many dings and scratches it wasn't even funny.  I don't like how most of it is sanded finished wood, but the bottom part of the crib, where they assume no one will ever see is unfinished wood with splinters.  The first crib we had got was sent back to the factory to make the crib stationary as it was originally a drop down crib.  Don't appreciate the extra holes and Amazon not mentioning this.  The instructions were confusing to say the least.  But this crib came with a teething guard in place.  So how did we wind up with a second crib if it was sooooo terrible?  Easy.  We called to have it replaced.  But I don't know where they get these people at the call center, because I can't understand them.  Mind you, I'm pretty tolerant of others, but we just don't get nowhere.  So they sent out the "replacement".  It sounded too good to be true, and it was.  Upon delivery, the UPS driver would take the other one.  We let them know we needed them to contact us ahead of time since we needed the crib in the meantime.  Sure, no prob.  Or so that's how it seemed.  Nope.  There was the crib, next day delivery and no such thing as a pick-up.  We'll, after numerous failed attempts with customer service to clear up the situation for us and have it picked up, nothing came of it and we were charged for yet a second crib.  I am still in disbelief some months later we didn't fight it more giving the piece of junk it was.  But here we are with the second one.  So I got stuck putting it all together basically by myself.  Husband is too lazy to pretty much do a damn thing.  I'll give you that appearance wise, it looked better than the first.  But it was missing the teething guard.  Also, they didn't even bother to include directions on how to make it stationary like the other one did, but thank god I still remembered somewhat how to assemble it.  If I thought thought the first one was bad, then I must have been delusional.  This was a complete mess.  Not only did all the screws come messed up, the holes were misaligned, some weren't deep enough, the wood easily cracked, the screws lost their shape easily with the allen wrench.  It was a nightmare to say the least.  I don't expect using this crib in the long term as I expect it to meet it's fate with the trash guy.  Save your money, buy elsewhere.  Please!