The idea is very nice.  We made the first one a bit too thick (not easy to get "just the right thickness") because too thin and the material is too mushy when baby's foot goes in... too thick and it will press against the glass of the frame when assembled (which we discovered only after it dried).  So, second time around avoided the sticking to aluminum foil issue noted by others and used wax paper which is much better.  Forgot about the fact that the rolling pin is actually a "sticking pin" because the materials adheres to it like glue.  Best way to manage this product is to kneed as directed, then push onto wide piece of wax paper into rectangle shape, fold the other half of wax paper over it and use the rolling pin on that.  Learned too late and rolling pin was covered with the material which won't come off because the wood is porous... oh well.  So, at this point you have 2 utter failings (happened both times to us) of this product... sticks to aluminum foil and sticks to the rolling pin... both of which are part of the explicit instructions to use.  If you do, I hope your experience is better than ours.  Finally got it flat by folding wax paper over on top and then pressing with a hardback book which worked pretty well.  Put our kiddos foot on it... and it stuck to her foot completely messing it up and requiring a start from scratch.  Next time around, put a bit of lotion on her foot and it made imprint well and came out without any mess.  In summary, great concept with terrible execution.  Our home is 70 degrees, not particularly dry or humid, used on flat surface, baby's feet are clean.  For us, this material has been very high maintenance, requiring almost complete deviation from the directions to get it to work.  Oh yes, and when using the included ruler to cut the material and make edges straight, must be very forceful and deliberate about pressing through material, rocking back and forth to cut all the strands or it will also tear out shrapnel of material from the side, messing up your imprint.  If you wait until it dries to cut the shape straight on the sides you get a weird puckering effect in the material.  Overall, the directions seem simple enough but, like others who wrote reviews, perils abound when following what seems like a straightforward process.  Still waiting on final product to dry.  Last note... be careful how thick you make it if you are going to use the double sided tape provided because it actually adds just enough height that it might cause the top edges of the imprint to press against the inner glass of the frame and distort the foot impression :-O  One star is for the creativity factor and the fact that no one else seems to have anything like this available.  Otherwise, this is a 2-star product for all the problematic issues from start to finish.