I'm changing my review on this product because after using it a few times ive decided it's not for us right now. Which im bummed about because my baby really enjoyed being in this bath pod and I liked it a lot at first :(But if you're like me and baby is too small to sit on their own you will have to hold them up the entire time they are in the pod making it really hard to wash them. Otherwise you run the risk of them leaning forward and their mouth ending up in the water! Scary moment if and when this happens and it happened to me! It just freaked me out too much. Not only do I not want to bathe my baby and run the risk of her face ending up anywhere near the water (bath time is supposed to be a relaxing time but this made it stressful for me) but it's also hard to bathe a baby and clean their bum properly when it's all the way at the bottom of the pod and they can't sit up without help and so you have to wash them with one hand because your other hand is holding them up. Too much logistics for me to handle bathing baby alone. Plus my baby seemed strained as she was trying to sit in an upright position at too young an age.The idea of this product is nice and my baby really enjoyed being in it but it's just not right for me. Maybe it's better for a child who can sit on their own but then how do you clean their bum? By that time they're already way bigger. Seems problematic to me no matter what the age. I don't want to have it sit collecting dust while I have to buy another tub in the meantime hoping that we will use it again when she's older so I'm going to have to exchange it for something else.But for those who are able to make it work, because babies really do love being in this thing, I noticed lots of frustration in the reviews regarding the giant stickers. Just use coconut oil. It will get the sticker residue off, is non toxic for your baby and smells good. The chemical options like goo gone are not safe for baby and stink badly. Coconut oil is the best natural alternative for almost everything