If you're looking for a mediocre bib to buy in bulk for crafts, these might suffice. I've purchased these more than once and have noticed that the quality seems to have changed since I bought these a year or more ago. I first bought these in 2014 and thought they were definitely good enough for my purposes. I buy these to hand embroider as gifts and now to embroider for my own baby. The first two batches of these that I purchased were good! I just bought these again (2016) and these bibs seem thinner and the white not as bright. These also seem stretchier. To be fair, the title for these does describe them as having stretch. But I have one or two of these from earlier orders left in my sewing kit and in comparing them see these differences in quality. These are definitely the same brand and style - I reordered directly from my order history. I'm disappointed with this latest package.A note for people wanting to embroider these: the stretch of the fabric these bibs are made of necessitates the use of a fabric stabilizer. This isn't a big deal for me because I have yards of iron-on fabric stabilizer on hand and am very experienced using it. But I thought I'd warn those interested in embroidering these so you can make sure you have some on hand prior to starting your sewing project. I can't imagine trying to embroider these without using a stabilizer. The stretch of the fabric would leave stitches looking puckered or uneven and even getting these in a hoop might be problematic without a stabilizer to keep the fabric taut while embroidering.Pros and Cons for these bibs:Pros -Very inexpensive, easily fits infant necks up to at least 12 months old. I've made these for toddlers and they've fit kids up to age 2-3 years, but I think beyond age 12 months it would probably depend on the size of the individual child.These wash and dry nicely in my experience. Velcro doesn't lose ability to adhere with repeated washing and drying.Cons- Problem w/ quality control between packages over the years - newer ones don't seem as high quality. White of newer batch seems a bit dingy and these seem thinner and stretchier than earlier packages. Stretchiness might bother those who embroider and necessitate use of a fabric stabilizer. Overall cheap quality makes me hesitate in embroidering these. Do I really want to bother putting time and effort into embroidering a cheap looking and feeling bib? Eh, not really. I definitely won't embroider these with anything complicated. I'll probably just embroider these with a quick design on each and only because I opened package and threw them in the wash without examining them carefully. Since previous packages were good I didn't bother and now I can't return them. Lesson learned. I'm looking for something better to use for future embroudery projects.