These are my daughter's new favorite snack container!  I have only had them a short time and only filled them a few times, so I cannot speak for their longevity, but the quality is very good on these.  They are great overall, except for a few leaks while standing up in the fridge, so I'll update this review if they leak at other times and we have only used them around the house at snacktime.  I didn't know if my 18-month-old would take to them, sucking on the spout, since she wasn't bottle-fed, but she got the idea once I squeezed some out for her and she loves them now!A few tips:Filling is easy if you pour your pureed food into a lipped jar and pour from the jar into the pouches.  In a bowl, I mixed regular applesauce with babyfood carrots that we had leftover, poured it back into the babyfood jar, then poured it from the jar into the pouch.  Hold the jar slightly above the pouch and the puree will just fall right in without getting mess all over the zippy top and sides!  I found that using a funnel or spoon made more of a mess.Pull open just above the zippy part with your fingers as far below the pull tabs as they will go, and you won't risk splitting the side, as I've read in other reviews.Washing... I was dreading this part!  I use a Nuby sippy cup scrubber with dish soap and hot water and it is fast and easy!  I didn't want to put them in the dishwasher for fear of warpage.  Rinsing them out with hot water ASAP after use means everything comes right off!  I have only washed these after using for fruits and veggies, so I can't vouch for ease of cleaning after using for yogurt-based snacks.After washing, turn the cap sideways to the pouch and place it just inside the zippy top right where the zipper is... it will hold the pouch open and the pouch will dry thoroughly overnight!I still think this product deserves five stars even though there was a little bit of leakage.  My toddler loves them, they save tons of money over buying the ready-made pouch snacks, they are easy to fill and clean, and it's a great way to use leftover baby food! :)----------------------------------EDIT: I have always opened these carefully because of the reviews of the zippers coming apart from the pouch.  On my third use of these, the zippers pulled off of two of them.  I contacted the company and received a refund.  On my 4th use of them, I went to the fridge to get one for my daughter, only to see the contents spilling out of the top because the zipper had separated from the pouch even though nobody had even touched it.  I so much wanted to like these pouches, but now we've gone back to using the premade ones at the grocery store.