I read many reviews and browsed many sites before purchasing this stroller.  I mainly relied on the excellent grade it received on strollers.babygaga.com, even compared to the double MacLaren.  I figured with the dimensions (ease of fitting through doorways), the apparently good sun shade, the compact fold-up for fitting in the car trunk, ease of steering, the five-point harness and the four-position recline, I wouldn't be disappointed.  I couldn't see myself paying much more than this and the reviews seemed overwhelmingly positive.Well, for its price range, it is living up to the expectations except for the sun shade (I don't think I'll ever find a satisfactory shade on a stroller!)  However, a few problems that I read on some reviews but thought I could live with have turned out to be very aggravating for me:- the weight -- it feels very heavy, especially because it's hard to lock it into the folded position so I rarely take the time to do that...  I take it in and out of the car trunk daily and it's really tiring, plus it falls open as soon as you pick it up...-  the difficulty of opening and closing -- I have had it for several weeks and use it almost every day, and I still have trouble; it is not practice, it is sheer strength that is needed, and I am not a weak person ... after seeing one review saying it's "easy" to open and close, I wonder if mine is defective!These difficulties make it somewhat of a struggle to pop out of my apartment building for a stroll twice a day as I want to with my 16-month-old daughter and 4-month-old nephew...  I thought it would make my life a lot easier; I guess I was spoiled by my single MacLaren we use for my daughter (lightweight and easy to fold; same type of folding mechanism but works much better; has a carrying handle and really can be brought up and down stairs with a child in the other arm)... Whoever said the Twin Swift is easy to carry and fold must be either a body builder or comparing it to an enormous heavy stroller...The seats are a little slim (small price to pay for fitting through doorways easily) but they are pretty cushy - my daughter looks a bit cramped but comfortable and cozy (she likes to curl up against the side to go to sleep)... and the infant looks comfy and safe...The sunshade either pops off or prevents you from completely folding up the stroller; now I just remove it when I fold the stroller up and that works much better...I find the location of the windows on the shades to be totally illogical and annoying; you can only see through to a baby who is laying in the fully reclined position.  When they are sitting up I can't peek through to see if the toddler is bothering the infant; that was one reason I made sure it had the windows before buying!!  I have to stop walking to look at them when I'm using the shade...I was concerned about quality at first because the back wheels were making noise and shaking, but that seems to have stopped ...Overall, if you really can't see yourself spending much more than $200, if you can handle the aggravation of difficult open and close, and you'll be doing mostly short city walking and errands involving doorways, go for it. (Not good on lots of bricks and cracks) ...  If I don't break myself or the stroller trying to open it, I'll say the pros outweigh the cons... but I wish I had found a used or reduced price double MacLaren ... check ebay!