We're not horribly impressed with this monitor, but given the price and friends/family experiences with other video monitors, we found this to be the best choice in this price range.To clarify, we're on our second monitor- the first, like many other reviewers stated, started not charging and when it did charge, the battery would die very quickly.  This is the biggest weakness of this monitor in my opinion- cheap battery and even cheaper charging cord.  I'm not sure if it was the cord, the connection on the monitor, or the battery itself which failed.  If we manipulated, pulled on and otherwise twisted the charging cord it would eventually start charging again (leading me to believe it was either the cord or the connectors), but it got to the point where it just didn't charge reliably and eventually stopped charging all together.  It was a somewhat painful process to return the defective unit, but not too bad.  The company responded relatively quickly to my email.  We had the monitor for about 3 months before it failed and I had initially requested to just return it for a full refund, however, Foscam flat out refused my request and I was outside of Amazon's return window, so that was very disappointing- I would have given it 3 stars had they just let me return the thing for a refund.  Instead, they offered to replace it but asked that I send the defective unit back first, which would have left us without a monitor- a tough position to be in with a new baby.  After a bit of belly-aching with the rep, they instead offered to send me a replacement (it was clearly a refurbished unit) as long as they were able to put a $100 hold on my credit card until they received the old one back (I had to pay for shipping the defective unit back- they refused to pay for return shipping).  Fine- I understand why, but the least they could have done was pay for return shipping. It took them more than a week after receiving the monitor to remove the hold from my CC.  Moving on...We received the replacement unit and have been using it with varied success for a couple months now.  Most of the time, it charges fine but every once in a while, it just stops charging- wiggling the cord where it plugs into the unit usually gets it to start charging again.  I have little reason to believe this unit won't just stop charging just like the first one did as it's already exhibiting the same symptoms the first unit did.  The company claims they "stand behind our products and will work to make you happy if the replacement fails", but again, I have little faith this is truly the case, otherwise they would have just let me return the first one for a refund as I requested to begin with (keeping in mind the unit was only 3 months old- didn't even get a chance to take the protective film off).Function wise, most of the current reviews pretty much sum up what we think about it.  The feature we like most is the temperature display, and find that it's relatively accurate.  The thing we dislike the most is the massive delay getting sound after we use the microphone feature to talk through the camera- it's literally 4-5 seconds of delay after releasing the talk button until you can hear the person reply (which you usually miss completely if it's a simple yes or no question) on the base station.  We wish the base station displayed the time as well- would have been a nice feature.  Video quality is just okay- nothing spectacular.  The night vision works but is not very clear- works well enough though.  Despite what they advertise you DO see visible red lights on the camera at night while in IR mode- they're not bright, but they are clearly visible and for a child, maybe a bit creepy.  The resolution in a fully lit room during the day is quite good, but as expected, declines the darker it gets.  The pan and tilt features operate very quietly and the internal mic in the camera turns off so you don't have to listen to it moving which is a nice feature, but again, the amount of time it takes for the mic to turn back on is excessive (the same 4-5 seconds).Overall, while we aren't thrilled with this monitor, given the features it has, along with the price, it's a solid contender in the video monitor market- it's the quality that we are disappointed with. However, I have family with high-end Summer Infant monitors ($300+) who have had nothing but problems with them, so it seems as though for some reason (perhaps my expectations are far too high), it's incredibly difficult to make a quality video monitor that doesn't have problems regardless of price point.  I've certainly not sampled every single video monitor on the market, but the ones I do have experience with, have all had problems.  I've deducted 3 stars because:  Company was not willing to accept a defective product on return for a refund after only 3 months, I had to pay for return shipping for what was clearly a defective unit (I even cited the many amazon reviews that had the exact same problem), and the replacement is still having charging issues, albeit not frequently.  Time will tell if the second monitor develops the same persistent problem as the first.  I'll certainly update my review if it does.Update 6/2015:  The button to turn the screen off has stopped working so we're no longer able to turn the screen off at night.  This presents obvious problems.  We continue to have sporadic charging problems with it as well.  We continue to be disappointed by the quality of this monitor.  Will update again when the next problem arises- see what I did there?  I have little confidence this thing will last much longer without developing some other issue.Update 8/2015:  I contacted Foscam regarding the non-functioning screen on/off button and they agreed to replace the monitor again. Excellent.  After a bit of back and forth, I even got them to pay for shipping both ways, which is quite nice.  However, the monitor I received as a replacement is different than the one it's replacing- slightly different, but it's significant in my opinion.  Foscam has discontinued the feature to turn the screen on and off with the push of a button.  They instead replaced it with a feature that plays 3 different lullaby's through the speaker on the camera.  While some people might find this useful, I personally think this feature is absolutely ridiculous.  What happens if you inadvertently press the music button in the middle of the night?  That's right- you wake your baby up because a lullaby starts playing through the camera speaker (with no way to control the volume that I could find). Not only that, but if you do accidentally press that button, you can't simply turn it off with another push of the button, rather you have to cycle through the 2 other lullaby's before it turns off, so by now, your baby is fully awake and screaming.  I'm at a total loss here.  They removed one of the most important features this monitor had, and replaced it with an absolutely useless one.  They could have at least informed me of this change before they sent the replacement- I would have told them not to bother. I'm really frustrated with this entire situation.  I'm now left with a monitor that has problems and cannot be replaced with the same model that has the same features, because that single feature was discontinued.  I suppose if you have appropriately low expectations, you'll probably be happy with this monitor.  As for me?  well, I'm now lamenting my decision to buy this thing and looking for something else.  I'm laughing at myself, I suppose.Update 11/2015:  The battery continues to degrade.  When new, it lasted about 6 hours maximum on a full charge (which isn't exactly impressive to begin with).  It struggles to last 3 hours now.  Batteries Plus offers a replacement for a reasonable amount of money that we'll try.  I'll update again after we purchase and use it for a bit.Update 2/2016:  The monitor continues to have issues charging which keep getting worse. We've woken up several mornings to find the monitor was completely dead despite being on the charger- I can't even begin to express how disconcerting this is.  The battery has also continued to degrade to the point where it barely lasts 2 hours now.  While the Rayovac battery from Batteries Plus is a viable option as one other reviewer has indicated, my wife and I are now questioning if it's really worth it- I'm sure the Rayovac battery is loads better, but if the charging cord keeps loosing continuity and fails to charge, a quality battery is rather useless.  I'll update again if I find a solution to the intermittent charging that doesn't involve sending it back to Foscam.Update 8/2016:  SO.......I think I've found the ultimate problems with this little slice of hell that's caused me to beat my head against the wall multiple times.  #1:  Power cord- they're cheap and they eventually develop an intermittent contact problem between the wires that go to the monitor connector and the voltage regulator inside the plug (AND where the wires are joined to the monitor connector)  I had to break the plug end to test and verify, but ours had a wire that was almost completely disconnected, so it was going in the trash anyway.  I happened to have an AC adapter which had a similar connector with the correct output voltage/amperage that we now use (I'll update shortly so everyone knows output specs to look for and jack size).  #2, and this is the major issue- cold solder joint between the charging jack and the circuit board.  This one was difficult to find, as I had taken the monitor apart several times in the past looking for cold solder joints and I missed it several times.  The solder joint must have completely broken at some point because the contact on the jack was not making ANY contact with the pad on the circuit board (and the monitor wouldn't charge at all, regardless of what we did).  I do a lot of PCB soldering at work (mostly surface mount EPROM chips), so it was an easy fix for me.  I removed the factory solder from BOTH joints, re-soldered and our charging problems are officially fixed.  However, the factory battery is SO bad now, it only holds a charge for maybe 90 minutes if we're lucky.  Now that we have the charging issue fixed, we'll go ahead and buy the Rayovac battery.  Not sure if these problems are consistent across ALL of this specific model (kinda seems like it's affecting the vast majority of them and I'd go so far as to say ALL of their charging cords will eventually develop a problem), or if they have other issues, but after almost 2 years, hours of investigative testing and ultimately, a bad cord and a cold solder joint, we finally have a working monitor.  I'm of the opinion that most of the charging problems are a result of the cheap charging cord they supply, but ultimately all of them will develop that same cold solder joint because you really have to manipulate the connector to get it to charge as a lot of reviewers have noted- movement causes fatigue which causes failure.  Now to buy a battery that lasts longer than what they supply.  So at the end of the day, unless you actually like buying a brand new product and fixing it's flaws (which includes buying a new battery and charging cord) so it works as advertised, I would have to recommend spending a little bit more money if you can and just buy a better monitor.Update 10/16: I've uploaded a picture showing the precise location of the cold solder joint.  No additional problems to report and the unit is charging reliably now.