We've had nothing but problems with our Evenflo Embrace Infant Seat and Base. Let me just list...First, we live 2 hours from BRU, so I guess I'm partially to blame for not opening up the actual box and inspecting the seat before taking it home two weeks before my baby was due. But, I didn't. The next day when we opened the box to install the seat, we discovered the seat cover was ripped. I did however email Evenflo and explain that there was no way I could make another 4 hour round trip journey to BRU to exchange the carseat while 9 months pregnant. They shipped a new cover out and we had it before our daughter was born.So, now we're trying to install that base in the car...let's just say it was a task that should have taken 20 minutes tops but ended up taking over an hour. The instructions say that the base shouldn't move more than 1 inch when secured properly, but we never managed to get that to happen. The side that's not secured by the seatbelt just bops up and down, and even though we had it securely fastened in the seat, it still slid side to side more than 1 inch.But the real problem was after our daughter was born getting the seat adjusted so that her poor little head did not fall forward. Even on the most reclined setting, the seat was sitting straight up and down. Being new parents, we didn't know that her head wasn't supposed to do that, so I sat in the back seat every time we went somewhere holding her head up. Finally, one of my friends with kids mentioned that she should be more reclined and we put a folded up towl under the seat to help her sit back farther. It helped some, but it still wasn't great.It keeps getting worse though....the handle to the seat has some difficulty locking/unlocking, and TWICE when I was carrying my daughter in the seat did the handle magically unlock and the carseat flip forward. Luckily she was securely strapped in and it only scared us both. If she had happened to not be strapped in (when she was very young I would sometimes sit her in the seat while I made dinner) she would have fallen to the ground and been injured.I would HIGHLY recommend getting any other infant seat than this one. We thought that since we were paying $100 plus and additional $40 for a second base that we were getting a good product. What we've learned is that $$$ doesn't equal quality.