I have two of these. The first (tan) my sister ordered for me. I was initially ecstatic! I have a LOT of issues that make breastfeeding a fight and pumping is also a challenge to make sure I empty completely. It easily took 40-60 mins to pump - EACH SIDE. I didn't really have time for that, but can't afford formula. I also can't use a regular pumping bra because I HAVE to manipulate to make sure I am 100% empty. Otherwise I have problematic milk knots that will become a major issue (speaking from past experience!). So this hands free pumping bra (combined with pumpin pals flanges) completely revolutionized my pumping experience. Being able to pump both side simultaneously cut my time in half! So I bought a second "bra" (generous term, I'm sure its named that only for search results) to keep packed in my diaper bag because I can't NOT be without this thing now.So, why am I less than enthused now?1. It KILLS my neck. Having all that weight against my neck makes it tense and hurt - or I find myself hunched over so I'm propping the bottle weight with my legs, which hurts my lower back. Yes, they say discontinue immediately if you experience neck pain, but how can I? I barely make enough milk for LO as is. I cannot afford to cut my supply in half! And I have other children, so I really can't afford pumping to take 2x what it already does. So, I deal with it, but I don't like it.2. It does not hold up well to constant use (which, it naturally gets when you have to pump exclusively). The little rings that connect the colored straps to the black straps have pulled out on one side on both of my bras. On my tan one, the straps (where you adjust for keeping the flange in place) is all eaten up on one side (the same side the ring has pulled out of, and no, I don't always put this bra on the same way) and the other side is starting to mess up too. My red bra has one side starting to mess up also.I don't have lots of money to just put into buying replacement ones of these, especially given the neck issues they cause, so I'm going to keep using them as long as possible. I'd rate this bra lower because of the quality but the ability to pump both sides is amazing.