First off, I absolutely swear by the Dr. Brown's bottles. Simple physics tells you that these things WORK! My happy newborn is proof. Somewhere along the line, for some strange reason, the people who make the Dr. Brown's bottles decided the new-style, skinny bottles and redesigned nipple were what worked best and what everyone wanted. I, for one, say "Go Back! These are not as good as the original wide-mouth bottles."First complaint, the new nipple style. Why? It doesn't resemble a breast anymore than the old style. Furthermore, my little girl can almost suck the whole nipple in her mouth, lips rubbing the plastic bottle ring. The old style nipple would have my girl sucking on the nipple part and her lips against the "areola"-part. It seemed to work very well and transition to breast was not a problem. So, why mess with something that works? New nipple-BAD, old nipple-GOOD.Second, the skinny design is a pain, in my opinion. The much larger but shorter older-style bottles were a breeze to clean. Almost any sponge or brush could easily swish inside the cavernous interior. The skinny bottles only take a skinny brush and then spray you with soap suds when the bristles pop out of the narrow mouth of the bottle. Plus the long, skinny vent tube and smaller nipples on the new-style bottle are much harder to clean as well. The only reason I can imagine why they did it was because people thought the short and wide bottles were hard to hold. It doesn't cut it with me, especially since the very popular Avent bottles are similiar in size to the old-style Dr. Brown's. Plus, the old-style rubber vent/gasket would be a nice press-fit into the bottle where the new-style rests on top of the bottle lip. Not as good, IMHO. Tall & skinny-BAD, short & wide-GOOD!There you have it; my opinion. Take it for what it's worth. I prefer the old-style (I'm buying more before they are no longer available) but the new-style FUNCTIONS almost as good as the original, except for the new nipple design. One things for sure, wide or skinny, I will never use another bottle... EVER!Rmpl