I was SO excited when we happened upon the Quinny Zapp.  (This review is for the original version, not the Xtra or the Buzz which are both awesome strollers).Then we brought the baby home.  I can't say I'm terribly excited anymore!Pros:a.  Love that it's compatible with the Maxi Cosi Mico (GREAT infant carseat, btw).  You can snap one in and go and it's nowhere CLOSE to being big and bulky like traditional travel systems!b.  Love how small it folds up - it's lightweight too!Cons: (note the cons list is huge in comparison)a.  Difficult to unfold/fold.  I don't mind really that it's a two/almost three step process, however the joints on it are a little touchy and you have to argue with them often to get it to close up or open smoothly.b.  DOES NOT RECLINE.  Once you have a baby in the 4 month+ crowd that is sitting in the actual seat, you will see just how important this feature is.  I cannot stress this enough.  Get this if you want it as a fancy umbrella stroller.  But if you want ANY chance at all of your little one napping, do NOT rely on this stroller.c.  In addition to not reclining, when your little one is still small you will notice that the way the seat is makes their head push forward.  It does NOT look comfortable at all.  Add to that not being able to recline it for them and well, you have one frustrated mama.d.  When it's empty it's very unbalanced.  You really have to have a child in it and/or load up the basket underneath.  Don't even THINK about hanging even a small bag from the handle (which, I know you shouldn't do anyways).e.  The two handle design makes it difficult to push with one hand.To be quite honest, I'm not sure what one might use this stroller for.  It's terrible on long walks (little one gets uncomfortable), isn't great for the mall (no chance for little one to nap/recline and it's hard to push when you yourself are loaded up with shopping), the seat angle doesn't allow for your LO to have a stroller blanket on their lap (it just falls right off).Spend the extra money and get a Buzz, OR, look into the Baby Jogger City Mini.  We just got one and could seriously NOT be any happier with it! ! ! !