I personally don't see much appeal in this toy, but my kids like it. First of all, it does not look like a laptop at all. It is smaller than it appears in the picture, with the blue "lid" that closes measuring only about 4 inches in diameter- just a little bigger than the palm of my hand. Once it closes, it kind of locks into place, so my one-year-old can't quite pull it open by herself, but my almost three-year-old can.I bought this for my youngest's first birthday, looking for a toy that has a lot of colorful buttons that would cause fun music and lights. For that purpose, it's just right. My one-year-old pushes one of the many buttons and it lights up, plays music, or says a phrase. My almost three-year-old, though, got a little frustrated with it at first. He saw the buttons in a row, reading 1, 2, 3, and 4, and then another row with A, B, C, and D. So he goes to push them in order, thinking it will say them out loud. Actually, it said, "A, B, Red, Star," since the "C" button also is a red square, and the "D" button is a yellow star. So basically it won't ever say all four colors, or all four shapes, or all four letters in a row, but will randomly say one of the three. I just pushed one button five times, and it said, "C, Red, C, Square, C." I'm not saying that's a bad thing necessarily, because my older child figured out pretty quickly that if he pushes the button enough times, it will say what he wants it to say. I just think it's kind of random and I'm not sure it will really teach my children anything. It is also a bit loud for my taste, and there is no option to turn down the volume.The phrases it says out loud (also pretty randomly) are: Hello! I love you! Peek-a-boo! (Some kind of kissing noise), and You are my friend! It also has an elephant, sheep, frogs, and birds- all with the associated animal sound. The voices and sounds are pretty automated-sounding, but children should be able to understand them just fine. The music it plays is pleasant enough, but no tunes anyone would recognize.So, overall, it's fine for young children to be entertained by lights and noises.  Older children will probably not benefit from it very much, if at all.