We live in a very dry climate and have used this to increase the humidity in a two story town home of about 1200 square feet. We've had this product for about 3 months without noticing any defects. It runs constantly and gets filled 2 - 3 times a day to raise the humidity from about 25% to 35% which is adequate for us right now. The tank is very easy to carry and fill - much more so than other humidifiers we've previously owned and the overall size works well in our small home. The fan is a bit noisy on medium or high, but that's to be expected. We turn it off when we are watching TV.The humidistat works ok if you give up the idea that it accurately measures room humidity and just use it as a rough guide. The humidity will always be higher close to any humidifier so there's not much you can do about it. I purchased a separate meter to measure humidity at various places in the home. I set the Graco for 45% or 50% to get the house around 30- 35%. I'd say it would take two of these units or a much larger one to get a 1200 sq ft home up to 40%. We don't have the room for either.Here are the cons:First, the filters can smell pretty bad after a few weeks. I think I read that someone mentioned they smelled like something dead. That fits. Though they seem to have the strongest smell when partially or fully dried out or if you stick your face right over the unit. Most of the time I don't notice it.Second, I've had to replace the filter after about two months. It was getting crystallized stuff on it. At $10 a pop this can get pretty expensive especially considering that we will have to run it almost all year since we live in a dry climate (Colorado Springs). This means that this product is not a good long term solution for humidifying a home. A bedroom at night perhaps.Third, and this is a minor issue, there is no shutoff when it runs out of water. It does indicate "LO" on the display, but if it can sense that it's out of water, why not shut off the fan? There's no harm done other than the use of the electricity and the fact that it dries the filter out so it takes time to get it to reabsorb water before it starts adding humidity again (I didn't want to deal with the mess of transporting a wet filter from the sink or moving the humidifier.)I'm sorry about the people that have had defective units, but so far ours seems sturdy. We will be moving soon and will install a whole house humidifier into the heating system, so this has worked fine as a temporary solution.