It's official.The wheels finally came off of this thing (on 1/8/2014).  I purchased it in March of 2013.  It's been about 9 months of use, and had this thing not set me back $114, it would not have lasted so long.  I've been diligent with this thing.  Primary use is as a changing table.  Do a quick search and you can find much better for much less.We used the bath tub twice when my son was about two (2) months old.  The weight of the water makes the plastic wheel holders bow out.  The wheels themselves come apart because of the uneven weight distribution on each wheel, which consists of two (2) halves, snapped together in the center.  I've been snapping those wheels together since I began using it.  Finally, for some reason, my wife said one of the wheels came off.  I just went ahead of removed all four (4) wheels yesterday.  It now sits on the plastic wheel holders, which surprisingly feels more stable on the floor than on the wheels.The clear, plastic tube that drains the water doesn't stay put.  It's not secure enough to prevent slight tugs from moving the bathinette around.  It's an easy fix with a nylon cable tie, or a hose clamp, but that's besides the point.  It's poor craftsmanship.  The hose is why we only used the bath feature twice.  Try drying your baby while there's water dripping or worse pouring out onto the floor.  Not fun.The two shelf like compartments below are handy, but the bottom one has little access.  It's like the corner cabinet that swallows things for months at a time... the proverbial black hole.  So really, only one shelf is handy.The side compartments are a cool feature.  I use the heck out of that thing.  I only wished they were adjustable in size to fit various med's, tubes, diaper sizes, vasoline, etc.  On the down side, my son is almost one, and he likes to reach for anything in the side compartments.  It's a challenge every time we change his diaper.The water resistant mat is a good feature.  It's prevalent in baby products.Other reviews commented that this thing has many parts to screw together.  I agree.  I'm mechanically inclined, and it can get complicated.  It doesn't help with the poor instructions, but it's rare to find good instructions these days, especially when everything is made in China.  The screws are very, very poor in quality.  Emphasis on "very".Would I recommend this to anyone.  No.I need to find out the manufacturer's information, because it hasn't even been a year yet.