My husband is always telling me "Function over form." I wished I would've listened once again.  Originally, I liked the style of the bag and I loved that it had a  center bag you can close with a zipper. And, it not only matched the color of my City Mini stroller to a tee, but it also did not look like all of the traditional stroller organizers available.  Twice I have already received inquiries regarding what brand this bag is, but each time I've had to tell the person to pass. While it does look nice, it does not perform.  :(Whenever you put drinks in the cup-holders, the entire bag tips towards the stroller due to the weight of the drinks.  And I'm not even talking about huge, big-gulps. Just your average-sized, plastic water bottle will send this thing tipping. The stitching on the bag could also be better.  While I do love that the straps are leather, I can tell that the stitching used on the bag is not going to last.  One is already starting to unravel. The bungie cords available on the side to tie the bag to the sides of the stroller don't do the job of stabilizing it.  Because the straps are on the center and with nothing much to secure it on the sides, this bag will always tips no matter what you put in it.  I do love the large insulated bag. It really is large and I like that.  I have used it so far to keep small juice and milk boxes cold and it does the job well. Because of the large insulated bag, I'm keeping it and it's what saved this bag from receiving a one star review. The smaller outer pocket is also large enough to hold my large keys and can still close. I have a large set of keys that contain two large key fobs, pepper spray and multiple sets of keys. It holds all of that and doesn't bulk out. However, the strap to close the main bag is a pain in the ass.  It's just a small bungie that secures to a clip on the front flap.  I can see this breaking very soon. It's not very sturdy and doesn't look like it's made to last.I've actually moved the bag to the bottom of my City Mini stroller and faced it so that the cup holders face towards the basket of the stroller and the large pocket faces me.  I use the leather straps to secure to the brake bar and the bungie cords I have wrapped around the sides of the stroller. It does interfere a little bit with accessing the brake lock, but not enough to make me not use the bag. Installing it this way means I don't have access to the cup holders, but that's fine. I'd rather continue using just for access to the large insulated bag.UPDATE: As predicted, the plastic clip that keeps the main compartment door closed snapped right off.  I contacted the company suggesting that they use metal buttons or some other design instead of plastic clips for their organizer.  I was promptly contacted by a representative of BuggyGear apologizing and informed me that a new model of this same organizer had been made with much better straps and metal snap buttons.  She sent me a picture and indeed the leather straps are now gone and instead you have metal snap buckles.  I was offered a free replacement.  Am hoping this "new and improved" model lasts better than the original.  So as much as I didn't end up liking the bag, 5 starts for their awesome customer service.