First let me state that i did not go in blind, I knew inline double strollers are hard to steer & heavy.I tried to do a lot of research before buying this. I choose the Joovy because of the reviews. Well in all my purchases I have never been more disappointed, and quite frankly am very suspicious of their authenticity . Anyway if your in the market for one of these Understand that yes this is the lightest and most compact of the three, BUT the sit part is also much lower than the other two and when the child sits the board slides back and forth over the impossible storage basket. Its so low that my child preferred standing on the bench than the platform (not safe!) in addition the stand platform is also much narrower (it is much more compact than the others , so understandably so). And  the worse part is the front seat doesnt allow for the sit child to well, sit. My child is 50% percentile in height and weight and there is no way she could sit with another child in the front, there is no room. Also I couldn't  even make the smallest of turns, and mind you there was only 1 child in it at the time. I waited almost a month to return, trying to make use of this since my child did enjoy riding in the FRONT, but I already have a stroller so that really doesn't help! Anyway its super cute has a great canopy and snack tray, sure hoping joovy can address these issues, their customer service is awesome, but sorry its going back, it was hard to steer on the subway, the streets, the mall, the amusement park and like i said didn't work for our family. So even if the graco is much heavier I'm going to try that since at the end of the day at least it can turn and 2 kids can actually  sit and stand in it, with the option of having the baby closer to you. Also  if I couldn't afford the graco, i would go for the sit n stand, similar but not as well made. I agree with the other reviewer " so many better options" I wished I had listened! I could only possibly see this working for a family if the older child was walking 90% of the time, but i personally wouldn't want to deal with all the problems listed above. If possible try to see this one and the others in person before you buy.