Let's start with the good things. The vibrating, musical, light works! More importantly the vibrations are strong enough for the baby to be soothed by the vibrations. The light is effective, not over powering. The bassinet rolls which it's great! Makes it easy to move around at night etc. The size of the bassinet is great, right height, easy to work on the baby, change diapers and so on. It not to wide, easy to make it through the bed room door but not the bathroom door (hey if your home alone and have to take a shower and keep an eye on the baby it would be nice to be able to roll it into the bathroom).Now for the not so good and down right - you got to be kidding me.The first thing we had problems with was the canopy. It was too concealing and hard to see the baby, probably great for a sunny day but we have not had that yet.After using for about one week the mattress is slightly concave, the bassinet does not have a flat bottom, it is has small narrow rods strung across at about every 4 inches so it is a suspension bottom. Our baby is small and at 6 weeks old she is 7 lbs. and the mattress sags.The rockers are plastic cross members that slip over the wheels and slide up and down on the posts the wheels are attached too. They work nice as rockers, but when you are rolling the bassinet into another room the rockers don't stay up and on our low pile carpet they drop down and drag on the carpet acting like brakes. This happens so much that I removed the rockers, not to mention that the actual breaks on the wheels also don't stay up and become locked, so it was a battle of didn't I just raise the rockers? and oh its the breaks this time for a couple of rounds at 3 am (one grumpy daddy here folks!)Over all the bassinet is made of week materials. Aluminum support bars are weak. The plastic joins are weak. The wheels are undersized and don't roll well across our low pile carpet.This has led to the bassinet become flimsy (was flimsy before I removed the rockers). When we roll the bassinet, the top will move before the wheels do causing about a 1 inch lean. This causes more and more sloppiness in the joints. I am afraid I am going to push the thing and a corner is going fold over a wheel.The incline portion of the bassinet is a made of webbing material, so it is hard to keep our baby warm as she was a preemie and is still a little undersized. We have to swaddle her and could not use the incline because the security harness needed to go between her legs - this would work well for a normal new born, I would think.We had already purchased a Baby Delight Snuggle Nest, so as the mattress started to sag we just dropped the Snuggle Nest into the bassinet. If it gets worse I will drop a piece of 1/4" plywood under the mattress.I will add clamps to the joints of the frame and drill holes through the plastic joint and aluminum tubes and run bolts through to make it more stable.If I had not purchase it two months early I would return it.