This highchair is overrated.  Buy something more simple, and splurge on something else like a Mountain Buggy stroller (now THERE is high quality).  I have listed the problems below (including a new one that I haven't seen listed before):1.  IMPOSSIBLE to keep clean.  I actually melted the straps/buckles trying to boil them to get them clean.  We once had a trail of ants from our back door to the high chair, because despite my best efforts, so much food remained in the cracks and fabric folds.2.  Harness will not adjust for a small baby, even on the tightest setting.  Most kids I know could wiggle out of the straps even at a year old, because they don't adjust tight enough.  My sister caught her one year old in mid-air, as she dove out of the chair, having wiggled out of the straps.  Calls to the company yielded the following response: "Well, not every high chair is right for every child".  Gosh, what should I do now that I have spent several hundred dollars????  Thank you very much for a lame excuse for not having a sufficiently adjustable harness.3.  The gap between the tray and the seat is too big, even with the tray pushed all the way in.  Child cannot sit back and be eating over the tray.  Child must lean all the way forward, but they might be too small to reach.  Also, the tray is very high for a small child, and no way to adjust it.  For a smaller baby, they can be sitting in the chair with the tray at nose level.4.  NEW ISSUE NOT SEEN PREVIOUSLY IN OTHER REVIEWS:  This thing does not hold up over time.  Most reviews are from people who are using this thing on their first child.  I have had it through 2 kids, and it is in shambles.  The fake-leather seat pad has worn out so that it is threadbare.  The tray only "catches" on one side (or maybe it always did that).  Keep in mind, we did not abuse this chair.  We did not travel with it.  It got fairly mild use, because we also used booster seats sometimes.  The plastic booster seats that I bought for 19.99 (the kind that strap to a regular chair, and fold for travel) were way more useful, adjustable, durable, etc.I am not afraid to spend more money for a high quality item, but this is not worth it.  Don't believe the hype associated with this product, and splurge elsewhere.