So, I bought this for the Monster, as a throne on which he could begin his life as a solids eating member of the family. Unfortunately the box arrived damaged, and there was damage to the arms of the chair inside. Emailed, including photos. Quick response, then delayed response. Then new chair sent. New chair arrived, some discolouration on arms in the same place the first one was damaged, but otherwise ok. Got it ready, heard "boing" inside when I adjusted the seat angle. Decided I wasn't convinced it was safe to have what sounded like a loose spring inside the seat, emailed Babyearth. Got response, slower this time. Third chair sent to me. Third chair - box damaged, arms damaged. Obviously the packaging is inadequate, the damage was in exactly the same place and you could see where the arms had been pushed through the box due to lack of protection. Called again. Said, the problem was that by now weeks had gone by without me being able to use the chair, I didn't want to wait another 10  days plus for yet another chair - and when were they going to collect the collection of damaged chairs I was building up.They didn't call back as promised, although they did the following day, by which point I was so frustrated I just left the whole thing.My husband had had enough with all the to-ing and fro-ing, and we started using the third, slightly less damaged, chair.  I was told I could keep the second chair and dispose of it as I wished, Inglesina didn't want it back. The first chair was finally collected. So now I have two, although I don't know if the second one is actually safe to use - I may just pillage it for the seat cover, or else give it to Goodwill (if they take chairs that go boing).I accept that the packaging problem was Inglesina's, but my main problem with BabyEarth was the speed of the response. At the same time that I was waiting almost two weeks for my replacement chair to arrive, I looked at Amazon and saw that I could have bought it for almost the identical price and it would have been with me the next day. To me good customer service would have been to sent the replacements overnight - especially by the time a customer had two damaged chairs. The moral of the story is yet again, never use a third party, always buy via Amazon.As for the chair itself: It looks good, it is easy to clean (although I'd prefer to be able to disengage the straps easily so I can wash them properly rather than just wipe), it folds up neatly, it is convenient to move because it rolls, and I like the dishwasherable inserts for the tray. My son enjoys it, it's a bit too far to his tray for him still, but he'll grow into it very soon. He likes looking down from his throne and drooling on the dog. My major complaint with the chair itself is that the lifting mechanisms are not linked, so it is very easy for the chair to be raised or lowered at an angle if you don't take care. I'm also not certain how long he'll fit into it, since he's the size of a one year old at six months, but that's not the chair's fault. I'd buy it again, and I recommend it.