I really wanted to like this potty. My friend had one and really liked it. However, I have some major issues with it, and I'm going to have to buy another brand.Pros: fold-able compact size. STORAGE is amazing!! The kids don't actually have to sit on the bag they pee into (like other brands).  Uses traditional gallon-sized bags - you don't have to buy a bunch of special bags.Cons: handle broke after about 4 days use. Not easy to use - I used gallon sized ziplock-type bags (which the potty is designed to use), and they are either too big or too small. If the opening to the bag is big enough to go around the opening, the bag pops up and the pee gets into the inner ring -VERY easily - then you have a mess. We've also had trouble with getting the bag on ring in a timely manner; it takes time to get it just right - meanwhile you're hoping your toddler doesn't pee in their pants. My biggest problem with this potty is two fold: one, the ring itself is too small for the pee to go in and usually spills out onto my kids' clothes or all over the floor, and two, there is no lip to prevent pee from getting out (like on a non-travel little potty) so my two boys have to hold their boy-parts down, but there's nothing to prevent pee from getting out for my girl. This also means there is usually a huge mess on the floor or their clothes. Actually, in my experience potty training my triplets, we have had more messes to clean up from this potty design, than them actually messing in their pants. My last big CON: I REALLY need it to fit over a regular sized potty. I didn't know how much I would possibly need it to do that, but it would be SO much easier when we are in public, instead of using a ziplock bag each time; possibly preventing such a mess on the floor or their clothes.I wish I didn't have to buy another one, simply because I paid extra for this one, hoping that it would be as awesome as I wanted it to be, but I'm on the hunt for one that has a lip to keep the pee inside and the messes to a minimum.