We purchased this stroller because it had everything that we wanted- reasonably  priced, included car seat adaptor, light weight, and large Sun shade. After having this for about 6 months, we are having to buy a replacement. Here are some pros and cons related to this product.PROS:Cost- at under $200, cost is reasonable when compared to other like strollers.Basket- good size, easy to get to when seat is upright. However, if child is reclined, it's a little difficult.Recline- goes almost flat. It does not click when you are reclining it, but does when you push it up right. Not an issue for putting down a sleep baby.Sun shade- this stroller has a large Sun shade with an extendable addition that covers a lot of the child when seated- plus has SPF protection! Lot more shade than most umbrella strollers.Padded seat- seat has a nice about of padding, so baby seams very comfortable.Light weight- stroller is very light weight, and for what it has, works great.Easy to use- stroller is very easy to push. My 7 year old had no problem with controlling the stroller. It also turns really easily, so good for those tight corners and crowded isles.CONS: at first, I didn't have many, and loved the stroller. Now that I have used the stroller on an almost daily bases, a few have come to light.Brakes- having a single brakes seems ideal, and it was great, at first. The break wire is exposed, and runs right next to the peg that you have to step on in order to lock the stroller open. It eventually got to the point where the wire that been worn/ stepped on, and started to interfere with the brake.Narrow- I got this stroller when my daughter was about 6 months old. She was still in the infant car seat, and so this want an issue, since we were using the seat adaptor. Now that she's 14 months, the seat seems to be really close to her shoulders, and she looks a little scrunched. She's not a big girl, so this became an issue for us, as I wanted something that transcended into toddlerhood.One hand close mechanism- at first, the one handed close seemed great, and it was. However, after lots of use and an exposed wire, it just isn't closing easily at all. This is the main reason we are having to buy a new stroller. I have very small hands, so for me, it wasn't easy to close one handed, and that was fine. I had played with the stroller in the store, and had figured out this was something manageable for me. However, after having this stroller for a while, it just became extremely difficult to close. The wire is also exposed, and it just seemed like it got worn. It's at the point now where it doesn't close without a lot of effort and a hurting hand. One time I couldn't even close it, and threw it in the car open.High straps- I like the 5 point harness with the extra padding, but it was really high. My daughter is in the 40th percentile for height, and even now at 14 months, the straps are still higher than her shoulders on the lowest setting.Squeaky wheels- they make noise, even after my husband treated them with wd-40. It got annoying.Hight of handle bars- I'm 5'2, and so for me, the handle bars were fine. I never kicked the middle bar. However, my 5'7 husband does, occasionally.Removable cup holder- does its job, but not the best or the worse. Has popped off a few times, but not a deal breaker.Overall, it was a good stroller, but I would recommend just paying a little extra money to get a more reliable one.