You might think wooden toys, especially simple animal and plant toys, are easy to make. To me, it seems like they're easy to make but hard to make WELL. I've found most of the Melissa & Doug toys we've gotten to be high quality and well designed. Thus, worth the cost that seems high when compared to plastic toys.So, when I saw the DwellStudio Woodland Playset available via Vine, I thought "my son will love these" and hoped we had another brand to go to when looking for gifts or new play options. Well, my son has played with them. and he sorta likes them. But they aren't exactly great at the minimal thing they need to do: stand up.First, the good:These are light, colorful pieces that fit into a small wooden box that comes with a slide-on top.  the paint seems durable enough for toys that are likely to be clunked around a bit in their lifetimes. The sanding job is good and the pieces are thick, so if a parent removed the smaller choke-hazard pieces (the mushrooms, the porcupine/badger) then I could see toddlers having a good time with these without major injury concerns (those decisions should follow safety guidelines and parents' own sense of judgment, of course).Now, the not so good:Getting the pieces back into the box takes a bit of skill. Not much, but it's basically like putting together a puzzle with multiple solutions. Not quick for clean up time; not easy to get the slide-on lid back on (and that lid is a little pointy and fussy for a 3 year old.)Most of these animals and plants don't stand up. Even on a table, for instance, the pine tree was not flat. The mushrooms, as small as they are and as wide a base as they have, don't stand up.So, maybe I'm playing with them with expectations that are too high. But, really, are they meant to lay on their sides? does that seem preferable to wooden animals and trees that can stand up, like they're in a forest scene? Seems like having them only lay down is not exactly the most creative way to play. My son certainly wants them to stand up. I didn't tell him there were specific rules. (Not all of the animals/plants have an issue staying upright, but the instability of some certainly made playing with them less enjoyable, especially since their thickness suggests they will stand up on their own.)Look, these aren't the worst toys ever made. They seem safe, look cute, and with kids the issue is sometimes less about consistency than with how well the toy works with their imagination. Just seems like a bit of design adjustment would help to make these a little more worthwhile.