We purchased this stroller for our 1 year old twins.  It's a very very nice stroller.  We really wanted something that was going to last and was easy to use....we thought we had the perfect one?This is what we found.Pros...-very nice looking-awesome quaility in material and make-nice and roomy-great comfortable handle-steers very very well(with one hand)-folds up pretty easy-awesome shades, extra fold down so sun won't be shining in little one's eyesCons...-very prices-sides are a littel bulky and wide...meaning when the little one's are sitting back they can't see out on what's going on unless they sit up and look out...I found this to be very annoying.  That's one reason why we got a side by side.  We have a tandum and I wanted a side by side so that they both could see out easily and each other.  They couldn't see each other at all when sitting back in the seats and they were constanting trying to lean forward to see out.-Buckly straps get twisted a lot and are not very easy to get postioned right for correct tightness.  I don't think I ever had them on to my liking or to wear they could not get out of them.  One thing that really needs to be looked at in my opinion.-The storage basket underneath is big and roomy, but you can only get to it by reaching in from the side and the opening for this is small.  You could never get a diaper bag in there.  Luckily our's had handle's for stollers where we just attached it to the push bar.-No drink holders:(-very heavy, which is pretty normal for a double...just wanted to add that though for those who were wondering...I'm 5.2 and 115lbs...so it was a pretty heavy load for me to pick up and throw in the back of the van.-accessories do not come with it...for this price they should.  I'm not a big fan of products that you have to buy extra's.  For busy parents...just include it all.-BIGGEST ISSUE for us...in less then a year on the front wheels the lock broke.  It would just lock the wheels as you were pushing and the stroller would stop in it's tracks.  So, then you would have to stop...go to the front of the stroller...unlock it...and then do this over and over about every 20 steps.  We tried to fix it without success.  I dealt with it for a while simply because of lack of time to do something about it.  After thinking about it for a while, considering the price, having to buy extra's and then the lock braking...we sent it all back.Overall, I did like this stroller.  Of all the doubles we have tried, it's the best quality and steers the best.  All double's are heavy, so just expect that.  I have yet to find one that is made 100% smart for parents.  I find this hard to believe too.  With all the parents out there needing a double stroller and the resources we have, I would think it would be fairly easy to make a nice double stroller with-good quality-easy steering-secure straps-all parts included(bar's, trays...)-cup holders-good underneath storage-reasonable price...$200.00 or lessI think baby jogger could do this if they really read our reviews and change a few things:)Hope this review helps...just being honest!