First of all, I bought this in March from Amazon for sixteen bucks. To spend anything over 20 bucks is a total rip off - shop around for a better price. (Its a shame, but you can no longer assume that Amazon has the lowest price)I already owned (and loved) the Bright Starts Having a Ball Activity table Bright Starts Having a Ball Get Rollin Activity Table. I bought extra balls for that that I assumed would work with all toys in the "having a ball" line, but they don't. Bright Starts Having A Ball Toys, Bunch of Balls The fridge door has an ice cube (ball) dispenser. When a red button is pushed, the balls drop down, one at a time, directly onto your child's hand and out into the room (One of the only good features of this toy that my daughter loves and worth one star). However, the balls that come with this are slightly larger, so the extra balls just fall through the front of the fridge. Of course, they look identical, so I had to mark the 5 balls that came with this toy with a sharpie so I could tell the difference. Seriously, why not make the balls interchangeable? The 5 balls that come with this toy always end up under the couch or roll across the room in about 5 minutes and parental intervention is required to retrieve them. It would be nice to have more than 5 balls total.The toy looks like it can be closed up for storage when not in use, but it can't. The fridge door doesn't stay closed and always swings open, even when the toy is just sitting there. The fridge door is not long enough to touch the ground (I guess so you can open it easier). Because the door is slightly higher than the rest of the toy, when the fridge door is open, the toy is off-balance and very easily tipped, especially if your kid puts any weight on it.The burner on the stove makes bubbling and sizzling noises, however just placing the "pot" on top of the burner is not heavy enough to activate the button, even with a ball inside. The pot ends up tossed aside and my kid uses her finger to push the button down with the required force. Sends the wrong message, as I'm trying to teach my kid NOT to touch a hot burner.The mixer bowl spins a ball around via a spring-loaded sliding lever on the front. This also takes a good amount of finger strength to use, and the tight spring causes the lever to snap back on tiny fingers. Not very fun at all.The faucet and sink don't make any sense. The "sink" is just a hole. You put a ball in the top and it just falls straight through the faucet and sink into the oven(?) It would be much better if turning on the faucet actually released the ball and/or the ball stayed in the sink, rather than dropping into the oven.My biggest gripe: The oven door is nearly impossible for a kid to open. My daughter gets so angry and frustrated trying to open the stupid oven door. I have to open it for her nearly every time she plays with it (MORE parental intervention). And, once the door is open, it opens too much. If your kid moves the toy around (as all kids do to play with the other side), the open door gets "stuck" under the toy, making it off-balance and usually causing the whole thing to tip over.The fridge has a soda/ pop bottle shaped area that holds balls and is visible from both sides, but you can only access the balls from ONE side. My kid can't understand why she can see the balls, but can't get to them. Stupid design and frustrating for her.The "book" on the fridge sides is only one page that flips back and forth, but it looks like there are more pages. My daughter is always trying to turn the other pages, ending in even more frustration.The fridge side is really boring. There are shelves and other places to put the balls, but that's it. No cause-and-effect action and not really fun. My daughter likes the apple door that leads to the oven, but that's about it.The only two doors that open and close both lead to the same compartment (the oven) and are at the very bottom of the toy, as low as you can get. Its very difficult to look inside the oven without lying down on the floor or putting this up on a table. Why not put the only opening parts higher up? Again, really stupid design flaw.The music and noises are really random. I still can't tell exactly what does what, but my daughter doesn't care. She loves the noises and music this toy makes and its not terribly loud or annoying, so that's worth a star. The rest of the toy is a real PIA.