My original review was a few years ago.  I think we have gone through two summers with this item and it stays outside through Wisconsin winters.  But, like others, from the get-go, the hinges were bad.  I did get some new hinges but they were not the correct type.  I did not have the skill set to route out the wood and make other hinges fit so I purchased some that were probably too wimpy for this application (a little better than the originals).  So the box itself is holding up, the folding benches, not so good.  I worry a bit about pinched fingers but my daughter is a bit older now so should be ok.  I bet for a few dollars more in manufacturing costs, the hardware issue could be totally resolved.It's too bad as everything else is holding up well!I had a pile of plastic kids equipment in the back yard that I was sick of looking at.  Went on the hunt for a nice looking sandbox and this came up.  I actually purchased on the Amazon Warehouse area so it was about $20 less than regular Amazon and still eligible for free shipping.SHIPPING/UNPACKING/CONTENTS:  The box came a little scuffed (like the cardboard was a little raggedy) but it was taped around the circumference to hold it all together.  I was surprised to unpack and it had so few things.  Great!  Some wood boards and a bag of screws.  Boards are not labeled.  I figured out what they were and just used a sharpie to mark them on the end to ensure I had all the parts (I marked on them knowing that no matter what, I was keeping this and going to make it work, cruddy hinges or not because I was not going to go through the hassle of returning this).  I wasn't sure if open box purchase was actually a returned item so I wanted to make sure I had everything before I moved on.QUALITY:  Boards are nice.  A few rough spots but cedar is soft so I think this will be ok.  One board had a split in it along the line of where a hinge is so I will have to ask for a replacement to be sent from the manufacturer. I am not sure if this was because it was an open box/return item and someone had previously attempted assembly before returning or if that can just happen with this type of wood.  The hinges that others wrote of are really not substantial at all (and, the hinges are already on the boards on one side so it saves you even more time--you just line up the board for the other half of the hinge and insert screws).  I can see on the design that the way the wood is routed out to fit the hinges, they have to be very narrow depth hinges to fit but, still, router it out more and get some better hinges is what I say!  Two hinges were completely broke.  I went to hardware store to find a replacement.  I did not want to wait for a replacement from the manufacturer.  This was a Sunday and was the day I designated for assembly so it was happening no matter what!  I found an ok replacement and replaced four of the hinges while I was at it.  Spent about $6 on hinges.  The hinges I purchased are a thicker depth so when I placed them on the locations and screwed them in, the area did not fold as it should.  I then backed out the screws a bit and that seemed to allow more movement for the replacement hinges so that the seat portion could fold like it should.ASSEMBLY:  Not that this should have much to do with what I am about to write...but, I am a female, that works in an office all day.  My husband does not have the patience for this stuff so I usually end up taking on these tasks.  And I did, by myself with a regular ol' screwdriver (I do not think you should use an electric one for this--you might strip things or the holes might not work/align--more on this later).  I actually set this up in the living room because it was about 100 degrees outside that day and I just didn't want to do it outside.  Overall it probably took about an hour from opening up the box, figuring out what boards were what (the wood boards are not labeled), replacing a few hinges (this does not include time at the hardware store).  Once it was assembled, I was able to lift it up and move it outside by myself (kind of shuffling with it but I moved it nonetheless).  It's kind of like holding a pallet.  The holes on mine that were predrilled lined up perfectly.  I did find that since the cedar is kind of a soft wood, you could line these up or think they are lined up and start to screw in the screw and be off a bit and make a new hole--again, cedar is kind of soft.  That is why I recommend just using a regular screw driver.  It would be very easy to misalign a bit and  use the electric screw driver and have a new hole before you knew it.  I started to do this with two boards and got quite a ways creating a new hole with just people power and was pretty easy to do.OVERALL:  It looks really nice.  So much better than some of the plastic junk that I am sick of looking at.  We have not added sand yet as we are testing out a few spots in the yard for placement vs sun location etc.  And we know that once the sand is in it, that's where it is going to stay for a while so we want to be very sure.  Thus far we purchased 10 bags of sand and loaded them in the sandbox without taking sand out of bag.  It looks like it will be enough.  Maybe add another bag or two down the road.EDITED 8/30/13:  We used the 10 bags and it was perfect but you could probably use 7-8 and would be ok too.  I made the Mr. take back the superfine, washed sand that he bought.  I have seen that stuff in action at the park and it is just too dusty (which as an inhalent is considered kind of dangerous).  I opted for a more beach kind of sand with a bigger size and the darker color.