Pros:-Mounts over floorboards which is the only reason why I got this one. This is nice because it needed to be over the boards without creating a trip hazard (no bar to step over).-The clear is nice because if I just need to block the baby off for a quick thing he can still "see me" so i haven't completely disappeared.-cat can squeeze under to pass, since he was too stupid to figure out the jump over ( but can jump on a higher counter without trouble?!?!)- It is nice that when we don't want to use it, you can leave it swung open against the wall.Cons:-I thought we could pressure mount it and still have it swing, but you can't so now we have holes in the wall.-It's hard to lock into the mount brackets. Like flimsy hard. Not difficult, but I expected something sturdier since I had to destroy my walls to install it!-There is a gap of a few inches at the bottom, but smaller than my baby's head so I decided it was still safe.-The paper measuring guide it comes with is not accurate so we made extra holes in the wall-We can't figure out why but the only way it would line up to swing open is to actually have it higher on one side which means a larger gap on one bottom side.Honestly, I am considering getting a metal one that we have to step over, just because it would be easier to open and close and not rattle. The only thing stopping me is the step over. Maybe a retractable one. I figure we wanted to pressure mount it and sacrificed on  quality to avoid holes in the wall and a bar to step over.... we still ended up with holes and a flimsier gate than we wanted.If you want a lower cost gate that you use just once in awhile and you don't mind mounting it to the wall then this is still something to consider. Once it's locked I'm not worried that baby is going to push through it when he stands against it. I wouldn't use it I needed to use it more frequently (more than once or twice a day) or leaving it closed.  But for the occasional, block the baby so I can change the laundry, it works.