you guys are movin right along! sold on amazon still!!!! and awesome on the second expansion pack...i think i just bought the last 5 on amazon that were available, if not, i will be ordering some more (christmas!!!!) anyway, let us know if/when you will be making more and if/when there will be another expansion!!
@sean so glad that you're still enjoying cards against humanity! we'll keep your suggestion in mind and let you know if we ever offer separate pack of blank cards.
a year after getting cah and it's still one of the most frequently asked for party games i've ever seen. one girl actually burned apples to apples to show her love for cah. with the expansion i've introduced something new: the winner of cah gets to add one new black or white card to the game when they win. it's super popular, but... i'm running out of blank glossy cards. any chance we could potentially order from you a set of blanks at some point? i don't want to keep purchasing the first expansion over and over again!
so i have introduced this game to about 15 people. i have bought 2 extra copies for friends. i keep a copy in my truck just in case someone wants to play a game. i have a friend who is going to go buy it... i think you guys did an absolutely amazing job.congratulations!!!!!!
just got my sets in the mail! thanks for looking into my order status!
hey max. i brought my card set to a cottage this weekend and it was a huge hit. thanks for all your hard work and letting me subtly admit that i pick up women at abortion clinics. therapeutic and amusing. you can't beat that.
so i haven't received any of my sets yet. i'm hoping it was delayed because of the canada post strike, but with every passing day i'm increasingly feeling like i threw $75 away :(
@florian - thanks for the update! we're still getting reports of missing sets from our european backers, but we think they might be delayed.
yesterday the game arrived in austria, thx a lot horrible people!!!
the custom cards are a different color. they seem to be brighter. i also don't care. this game rocks. thank you so much for doing this.
i got my copy yesterday and got to look at it last night. almost lost the envelope with the custom cards. i didn't hold the custom cards up to the boxed set so i don't know if there is any difference in size or color, and i really don't care, the game is awesome. much thanks.
oh. my. god. i played this for the first time yesterday and it is amazing. funniest. game. ever. i gave it to my friend as a birthday gift and we played it at this tiny restaurant over dessert and we ended up playing for two hours we couldn't stop. laughing like craaaaaaaaaazy. you have made something really wonderful! and now everybody wants their own including me so please do another project to make more!!!!! fantastic job, really fantastic. you guys are legends.
the corner thing happened with mine as well but it's all good. i did get the penguins though :d this game is made of awesome.
my custom cards don't seem to be the same size or color as the normal cards :(
my cards have arrived and my group of horrible friends played last night. it was a huge hit!! i couldn't be more pleased with the final product. great job!
just got my copy today. i can't wait to get a group of assholes... i mean, my friends, together to play
i can't wait for my cards to arrive!
got my cards yesterday.  they look amazing!  i will be breaking them out for their first game on monday during my annual bbq.  thanks again for an amazing project!
got my cards this morning...odd for media mail for it to be at my door at 9am, but who knows! played through a bunch of it at lunch with coworkers, this is awesome :)
@bobby - email us at cardsagainsthumanity@gmail.com. we'll see what we can do.
one of the corners of my box got pretty beat up in the shipping. i know it's not your guys fault but it sucks.
@david -- this project is *by far* the best updated project i have backed. these guys have made many, many updates, and made it very clear what the progress has been, for anyone that avoided living under a rock. you have to remember when backing something on kickstarter, you are *not* buying a finished product, you are backing a product so that it can be created, and thus will take a little time to ship.
man, i'm an idiot.  i signed up with my throwaway email account, and didn't check it.  oh well, missed out on the custom cards.  just filled out my backer survey, at least.
thanks josh. you are correct that we haven't had any shipping information for the last few weeks, although we just got some major news which i am writing up now. thanks for your patience and support!
don't report him to kickstarter or paypal. it's possible he just hasn't gotten a shipping update yet and hasn't logged in to tell us that. the previous eta was that it could be in the states by the end of this month (i may be wrong in that memory). wait for an update before reporting him for this.
i am reporting you to kickstarter and to paypal. no communications and no game shipped yet.
looking forward to tons of fun with this game throughout the summer, but is there any news in eta? it´s been a while since you guys gave us an update :)
getting very excited for my game! hope all is going well with getting everything together - i'm sure you boys are all very busy!
any updated eta? been about a month since we heard anything
@turck3 the decks are being printed and assembled in china - we'll post updates as soon as there is any news.
what's the word on shipping? it's been a while.
@bobby, we just posted an update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1200751084/cards-against-humanity/posts/57993
any updates on the printing/shipping?
@stephen - unfortunately i don't think the cards will be printed by then (we'll have a printing schedule in the next few days). you can always make a copy for yourself at http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com.
@davin - the premium game of cards against humanity is going to be printed on standard playing cards (2.5" x 3.5"). the free print-at-home game will stay as little squares so that it's as affordable as possible for people to make. we'll look into adding blank cards in the future - thanks for the suggestion.
think i might get my cards before pax east? would love to bring this to the conference... (march 11-13)
so, i'm curious, are the cards going to be normal playing card size and shape like the art shows, or are they going to be lil squares like the .pdfs show. if they are going to be normal playing card size, can we get new pdf templates for making our own custom cards. you know, once you have some free time.
@john - hang tight. we're finalizing the order the printer, and we'll have a schedule update in the next few days.
just wondering if the sets had been sent out yet.
how can i make sure i got the survey submitted?
@nathan - we're going to complete our kickstarter fulfillment before we make more sets available. you can sign up at http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com and we'll let you know as soon as we have more games for sale.
word got out on the awesomer a little late and now i can't pledge :(  is there any way i can get a hold of the box set sooner rather than later?  or do i have to wait till the sets begin to get sold on the cah website?
@harvey - the kickstarter backer survey was emailed to you earlier this week. the kickstarter faq also says, "if you think you might have missed a survey email, please log in to your kickstarter account to check — you’ll see a notification at the top of the site for any missed surveys."
and where is the survey you want filled out, mr. evil?
i am waiting to get my boxed set, then throwing a party with my... evil friend group. i am going to place cards against humanity inside the apples to apples box, then reveal it with a swoosh. epic can be the only result
this is an amazing game. we played our first game of cards against humanity last week, and it got a great response from everyone. after playing it, apples to apples just isn't the same.
i am sooooo excited to get my game (and so are many of my friends)!!!! congrats max and thank you!
@jpocket - if you added $5 to your kickstarter pledge for shipping, you're all set. the extra few cents are only there to cover transaction fees for people who need to pay using paypal.
i included $5 extra for shipping originally, but your latest update says $5.46 including paypal fees...do i need to make an additional payment now?
here are the paypal links for people who still need to pay for shipping: u.s. shipping: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr… international shipping: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr…
@christian - don't worry! we're setting up a paypal for shipping for people who forgot. we'll be in touch soon.
congratulations, you made it! me and my friends can't wait to play.
nooo!  i didn't see the $5 shipping charge and only pledged $15... can i send you guys $5 more and get a boxed set of cards?  pretty please?
@yogitranscend we're not planning to release blank cards as part of this printing, however we offer blank cards that match the diy version at http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com.
@jpocket - send your custom cards (8 black and 8 white) to cardsagainsthumanity@gmail.com. we'll be in touch with more specific instructions in the next few days. we're still working on a production schedule, and we'll let you know as soon as we have an eta.
is there going to be any sort of blank cards done so people can add new cards at home?
hi, is there any (however approximate) timeline for a) getting contacted regarding the 16 custom cards and b) shipping being sent out? thanks.
seems very cool, i am glad i caught this in the remaining three hours. cannot wait to receive my box of the game!
@max thanks for the clarification! can't wait to get my set.
@dominic - the free game contains 460 cards. with the kickstarter expansion, the game includes 500 cards (80 black and 420 white). now that we got to $15,000 in funding, we're adding 50 cards to the deck, for a total of 550 cards.
i'd posted on boardgamegeek also to get the word out, seems to have helped :d
just out of curiosity, now that we've reached $15,000 how many cards in total do the kickstarter backers get? is it: 500 cards in the core set (80 black cards and 420 white cards) + 40 kickstarter exclusive cards (20 black cards and 20 white cards) + 10 cards from $10,000 challenge reached + 50 cards from $15,000 challenge reached = 600 cards or have i mis-interpreted the numbers?
forgot the $5 shipping. $15005. haha
thanks andrew, and everyone who's helped us out! this is really amazing.
glad i could be the one to get this project to 15k.
$15000! looks like you've got 40 more cards to write! >:3
eighty-five dollars left this is gonna be close
woooo $160 in 7 hours, that should be no problem at all!
weeeee're gonna make 15k!
this looks like the coolest board game ever made!!
if anyone else has stumbleupon you should 'thumbs up' the project home so we can hit that $15,000 mark!
@joseph, yes, it does. and since we hit $10k, it will include 10 more not available anywhere.
does the $15, printed version include the kickstarter bonus cards?
its an adult version of apples to apples. yeaaa
@hunty, since our game is satire, i think we're safe! but thanks for the heads up.
you guys might want to reconsider the "before i kill you, mr. bond" card: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/before_i_kill_you,_mr._bond
hey justin - one of our writers, eli, is going to read over all of the submissions for duplicates and grammatical problems. we'll let you know if you need to change any of your custom cards!
saw the idea, fell in love with it and immediately became a $15 backer, but only after playing it twice, i'm now up to a $30 great game guys! good luck on the 10k project, but question on that: some of the ideas for the custom cards id like are ones that i wouldn't be surprised to see if project 10k goes through. i take it when we send our stuff in, you'll tell us if we should plan for another card?
it's over 9000!
matt, right now cards against humanity is available exclusively via kickstarter, though later in the year we hope to offer the game on our website. however... you should be able to use amazon payments with a debit card! i have my account set up like that.
damn it! really want to fund this project, but don't have a credit card, just debit ones. are there any other ways to back this project other than via kicksarter?
hey jpocket - we're currently in the process of contacting our $30 backers with instructions for their custom cards.
i'm also wondering, how will the $30+ pledges communicate their texts for the 16 custom cards?
hey joanna - thanks for the suggestion. it's not in our budget now, but we'll look into how much it will cost for the kiss-cut on the cards and let you know if we can afford it.
hi guys, congrats on everything and i'm loving the game! i just have a suggestion and i hope i don't sound too nit-picky, but are rounded cards possible? i laminated the pdf cards and maybe it's also due to their small size, but the corners are pretty sharp and make handling the cards kind of painful :( thanks!
how should the $30 pledgers request their custom cards?
@ramon, the rest of the game is available at http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com. i'll post a note clarifying. thanks for your support, and good luck with your project.
@max you'll also get the digital version as soon as you pledge.  at the update-page there is only a small portion. no worry, don't plan to send it via twitter. would like to use it as a case during an introduction in cs and marketing.
just an idea... in your boxed set, you should release 5-10 blank cards that are laminated so people can use dry/erase markers to write and re-use the cards.
the digital version is linked in a backers-only note on the "updates" page. thanks for your support!
hello, i backed your project for $25 (incl. 10 for shipping). when can i expect the digital version?
hey ryan - thanks for that idea, we'd love to integrate that into our website. we do integrate ideas from players, which you can submit at http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com. you can also pledge $30 or more and add 16 custom cards to your deck.
hey max, i think it would be awesome to incorporate some type of social media to this kindof like fmylife.com  i think it would be awesome for people to put ideas for their own cards online and then have users vote on which one's should be made. people can post topics like scientology, and others can make up cards for that topic. this way you can get the community involved online and offline with your game. this could eventually lead the game to have a large online following (although offline with your friends is always better). let me know what you think of this. really thinking about buying the game!
good luck cah team ... this sounds like "apples to apples" for the devious mind! can't wait to share with friends!
hey matt - we'd love to work with you. can you send us a message at cardsagainsthumanity@gmail.com.
i'd like to pick up say, half a dozen copies for my store. is this doable, and if so how should i pledge? will you do some form of combines shipping? thanks!
when the project completes on kickstarter, we'll get in touch with you via email to collect shipping information. (thanks @charles!)
@dirk: with other projects, they create a survey after it funds and that's where you will enter your shipping info and any special instructions.
uhm, where do i enter an international shipping address? through amazon payments i could only add my us billing address, but no shipping address?
we'd love to make foreign language versions, but a lot of the cards would have to be rewritten to account for pop-culture differences. definitely a longer-term project to keep in mind.
great game! had you thought about translating the cards? i would buy a spanish game...
you can access the pdf of the main game on our website at http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com. the link to the kickstarter expansion is in the backer's only update at: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1200751084/cards-against-humanity/posts/42889
will the instant pdf download be sent to us in an email?  about how long after the pledge will it arrive?
this game is going to rule so hard.  we've been sharpie-ing a standard set of apples to apples up until now.
in case there is any further confusion about shipping, i posted an update here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1200751084/cards-against-humanity/posts/43990 if anyone has further shipping questions, please feel free to send me a personal message. thanks!
am i blind? has those add $5 to usa sections of your rewards always been there? not trying to sound sarcastic but this is the first time i honestly noticed it. i guess i'm just use to other projects having it built in free shipping to the us. sorry for the confusion.
hey jon - we're not trying to penalize anyone, but we've worked out the shipping so that it costs us $5 a set ($10 to ship internationally). if you want to wait to pay for the shipping (and just pledge $15/set), we can work it out after the project completes.
@max that doesn't make sense, why is someone penalized for ordering more than one set by having a higher price?
alex - no problem! if you want to order more than one set, pledge $20 (or $25 international) per set, and send me a message on kickstarter to let me know.
is it possible to pledge double or triple the 15 dollar amount to receive extra copies of the game? i know a bunch of friends that would love this as a gift.
yeah i came here to post that this game described in the video is literally apples to apples. not only does it exist in card form, it also exists in video game form. cool project none the less. ya'll should tweak it a bit more to appeal more to a 21+ drinking crowd.
@caleb & @max http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apples_to_apples >> looks like an adult variation on this theme no? essentially the same game, just with a diff look, words, and you draw 10 vs. 7 cards. no worries though, it looks awesome. bummer it won't ship to arrive before xmass!
rad concept! we'll definitely add a drinking punishment to the gameplay :d
we've never heard of that game.
what's the difference between this game and apples to apples?
