if you have any questions about anything at all - from growing your plants to maintaining your ecoqube, send us an email at info@aquadesigninnovations.com and we will be happy to help you out within 24-48 hours from monday through friday.
great news! this worked so poorly they now have another project we can overpay for!
basil never grew...fish died. have 4 worthless tanks. disappointed.
after a little over a year of operation, the pump in my ecoqube has stopped working. i took it apart and cleaned it out as suggested, but there is still no water flow after plugging everything back in. since adi hasn't gotten around to answering my email yet, does anyone here know whether any of the smaller water pumps available on amazon will fit in the back compartment where the ecoqube's pump currently sits?
i emailed info@aquadesigninnovations.com close to 3 months ago and still have yet to receive any response apart from the automated "hi we will get back to you in 48 hours" message. would really appreciate some response......its been 3 months.
@lain w also, the live plants and basil could be causing problems with each other.
@lain w sorry for the super late reply. i think the next time you clean the tank also take out and thoroughly clean the gravel. maybe a clean slate is in order. just start all over after fully cleaning everything including the pump. plant the basil and let it grow a couple inches. also check out this link:  http://aquariuminfo.org/cycling.html
sorry, the email is info@aquadesigninnovations.com
i have yet to recieve my ecoqube c, the email doesnt work btw, i keep getting 'delivery to the following recipient failed permanently'
if you have questions about your ecoqube c or anything else. please contact us via email at info@aqaudesigninnovations.com. if we do not respond, its becuase we did not receive it. thank you! team adi
hello! i never received my ecoqube c even if i paid all the additionnal fees concerning shipment... i'm waiting for an answer from you!
@imran hi thanks for replying :) on the glass not too much algae it looks ok, after a few days the top of the water on the surface its bubbly and looks a bit grim. he has gravel on the bottom which he rinsed before putting in there... 2 small live plants and a snail. its literally every 4 days, the pump is bunged up :( thanks again
@lain w is he having a lot of algae build up? if so, make sure the tank isn't receiving direct sunlight. over feeding is also often a problem. does the ecoqube have any gravel? is that also cleaned?
hi my dad is saying he has to unclog the pump every 4 days! any advice please? he has one betta a mint plant that is thriving, some small live plants in the water and a snail. he drains the water... gets the pump out and cleans the side and the pipe and then refills. stressing the poor betta out i think! the water stinks after 4 days! :(
here are instructions to clean the pump: my pump/filter seems to have stopped working, how do i fix it? (pump is clogged)  1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant  2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank  3) remove nut from back of nozzle  4) remove nozzle  5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case  6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump  7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them)  8) replace and power up all the things
@me - pull the ump out, you can gentle use the power cord, and clear off the round intake and i bet it will start working again.  the fact that it took only a month to clog make me suspect you did not properly cycle the tank before adding plants and then animals.  it should last several months between cleanings.  i have done so twice when i did the water changes.
@han uth - you are right about the light.  i used some adhesive felt pads. they only secured the side without the wire and could have secured both side with only a minor change. as far ans engineering goes they acrylic is too thin.  it should also have been about the size of the new design which can hand dozens of time the variety of fish of the original design.  the lights should also have had a 15 minute ramp built-in.  i have disabled it and added a ramp timer. the feet are easy to fix.  i used dap all-purpose adhesive sealant (look for the green aquarium safe tube (about $5 at home depot).  i had to re-attach 2 of the feet and i used this adhesive and they are never coming off again.  adi probably used some cheap generic silicone which failed. i have only needed 2 water changes since last december.  i did each after scrubbing the acrylic of some algae it eventually gets after 4-5 month.  ordinary tanks need it every few weeks.
my uv sterilizer filter/pump stopped working. i tried to do what the q/a told me and checked for clogs but didn't find any. the filter itself just stopped working.
i would suggest people avoid this company and its products. customer service is horrendous and the product has terrible build quality. the engineering that went into this product is also horrendous. the light sits crooked and the solution that was given to me was to use some cardboard to wedge into the light. also the condensation that builds on the lid makes for an ugly box on any countertop. the lid uses little metal tabs that are glued on crooked and will fail and fall into the tank. avoid this company and its products.
don't buy this pos from them. my pump died in a month and nothing from them. so much for warranty or customer support
@toriless. i used mint from my garden. it's works great! thanks!
@lain w you can email them here: info@aquadesigninnovations.com
both pumps on my ecoqube c's have failed... no email address for the company. any solution? greatly disappointed.
won gyu lee - huh?  why would you post a message about tanks you got 6 months ago only now claiming they arrived cracked?  sound suspicious.  they are easy to drop.  i am always very careful with mine since the plastic they use is very thin.  probably a third as thick as typical even in cheaper tanks.  i did have another foot fall off but dap's aquarium safe all-purpose adhesive sealant (100% silicone) glue works unlike whatever they used.
cloudy!!!  did you use starter bacteria??  white of green, white is bad bacteria, flush that water a lot, green is algae, starting the tank with no fish or plants for week with only a substrate and starter bacteria and occasional fish food is required for any new tank even unfiltered ones.  the bacteria are the key to any healthy water environment, tank, pond, lake or ocean.
@mertito g singson - i would plant mint in a pot and do clippings.  mint can grow root in regular water in as little as a week but you need to mist it daily for the first few weeks.  i have mint growing in the yard.  i'd very hardy.  i will die back and then just come back again every few months until it freezes and which point it goes dormant.  basil is always picky i would try african blue not giovese which is finicky.  in a pot african blue can get four or feet in every direction.  cinnamon basil is a bit hardier the giovese.  i do not know why but i can graw it much more easily the plain sweet basil.  african blue is not great too cook with but it is easily the prettiest basil not that it will ever get big enough to bud but you can always transfer it to a pot if it is spring and put it outside and drop in a mint cutting.  i grow all kind of herbs in my yard.  rosemary loves pac nw weather.  the get huge quickly.  tomato season is almost over.  it's probably time for root vegetables.   i have a small bed for those. the white medium is junk.  get them to send the new one. i have cleaned my pump twice since last december.
@chieko inagaki you should send them an email in case this comment gets overlooked. email: info@adiventures.net
hi i received additional tanks and wanna report damaged. i ordered two tanks and one tank is broken not even possible to enter water. also one motor is not working. other items are ok. please arrange the replacement. thanks!
my seeds didn't grow except for one of them. now it's dead. i tried substituting mint and grew roots on them first, that died too. any recommendations?
@joey santana - more like every three months for me.  you might have algae issues.
hey, i put some basil seeds in the white plant medium and left them for three weeks but they were barely an inch high with like 2 leaves on top (2) of them. is that the right time to put a fish in the tank?
my pump keeps needing to be cleaned out every three weeks this isn't cool.. i thought this tank didn't have to be cleaned this defeats the purpose .. the small pump isn't strong enough for the tank apparently it keeps building with fish crap and the hose gets built up with it as well . i've been cleaning it by shoving q-tips in it while running hot water through it but it's becoming a few week process which is pretty annoying .
going to be a definite backer of the larger ecoqube. i love the concepts and the innovation in adi's work. keep up the great work. :)
dear creators...  i love the new larger concept and can't wait for that to be available.  count me in as a definite ongoing backer..!  nice work everyone... both in ongoing customer service and ongoing creativity.  both show you are committed to your company & products but even more so to your customers & loyal backers.  sincere thanks and best wishes for much success..!
@jeff gleason  did you also clean the pumps? i'm sure you did since you realized they were clogged but just wanted to make sure....if not here is how adi said to do it in the past: my pump/filter seems to have stopped working, how do i fix it? (pump is clogged) 1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant 2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank 3) remove nut from back of nozzle 4) remove nozzle 5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case 6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump 7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them) 8) replace and power up all the things
both of my pumps are not working.  my tanks were all cloudy and i realized the pumps stopped.  i cleaned out everything but have been unable to get the pumps to work.
hi. i send you comment again. i'm still waiting a replacement. please tell me process of replacement progress. i'm won gyu lee who 2 of ecoqube c's backer (early backer). i recieved them april 18 (monday). but, sadly they are all cracked... check the attached picture. one is left pannel cracked and water leaked. the other is back pannel cracked and led stand shaked as weakly. i'm very disappointed of weak package. there are no bubble wrap but glass pannel.
@imram i do agree with @toriless. i clean the pumps when i see that the power flow is decreasing (one every 2 months). it is very easy to dismantle (til the magnet)
@lain, i use a natural sponge. i place a basil plant on it (no seeds), after i cleaned the roots from any dust. it grows very well. when i cut the plant, i put back part of it (without seeds) back in the sponge and the seeds grow by themselves. i started usid this method when i saw that my seeds werent growing more than 1 cm. easy method and it works very well!!
i'd love to buy one!
ok, i finally decided to do my first water change since i began last december since i was cleaning the pump; i took out 3 1/2 cups and added in 4 - 4 1/2 to get the level back up enough.
@sylvain legault and iain w - did either of you use starter bacteria.  i used stability from seachem.  half a year with no water changes required.  i actually need to reprogram my light to run even shorter now.  my basil grew to 3 inches in the white sponge before it fell apart media.  i tried using a sea sponge but they are too absorbent,  i use the media they sent and i switched to mint now. @imran - yes, i am due for that too.  it seem you need to clean the pumps round filter about as often as you would do water changes on a normal mature tank.  if the water is not clear it is most like algae which will clog the pump and make it stagnant and thus make even more algae then with moving water. @kat fan - white sponge, sea sponge or their new media.  white is garbage and will fall apart after a few months or weeks depend on how bad your water conditions are.  seas sponges may get algae but will not break down.  the material in their new sponge is less absorbent that they typical sea sponge you can buy so it will not have algae gather on it.  it is probably algae not mold. get them to send you their new media.  contact adi via e-mail.  they rarely read anything posted here.
my basil plant has stopped growing at a centimeter in height... bought some alternative sponge, sat the seeds on top... any advice? thanks!!
since february my basil plant keeps dying. what am i doing wrong? my beta hasn't died yet but i think i might have to start changing the water soon because it's starting to get cloudy.
@kat fan for the cause of the reoccurrence, the first thing that comes to my mind is that there may be a build up in the pump.  have you cleaned that?
i sent an email to adi but it bounced back with a postmaster fail, i'll post it here instead: i was wondering if you could help with why my sponges keep getting mouldy. i have one with the inbuilt uv lamp and a remote control. due to the problem with sponges melting i decided to go buy sea sponges as replacement. i positioned it similar to where the white sponge would be and topped it with basil seeds, the basil sprouted and i was very excited. then the sponge developed a black spot after a week or so, worried i moved the seedlings and took out the sponge. i tried to figure what the black stuff was, it spread to the tissue i had it on so i figured it was probably a mould of some kind. so i wiped down, dried and boiled the cup and tried with a new sea sponge from a different shop. same thing with the mould. i moved out the betta to a back up tank, and changed the water and filled the tank with salt and some general aquarium sickness solution i had. after a week of that i dried the whole tank and wiped it down. all to  no avail as the mould grew on my new sponge. the stuff isnt very fuzzy and looks like you got black ink onto the sponge. the direction the mould grows from is always from the side the pump is on. before finding the mould uv was on 2hr mode, afterwards it was always on 24hr mode. is there anything you can suggest for this?
for anyone with concerns about their ecoqube, please email us directly at info@adiventures.net and we will get back to you within 48 hours. if you still haven't received your ecoqube, it's likely because we never got your backerkit survey. of course we still want to make sure you get your ecoqube, so send us an email and we'll make sure you're 100% taken care of. @patrick, @matthew bond, @alexander parrette, we will be sending you a direct message soon to help you get your ecoqubes.
@iain w  no worries. are you having any issues with setting it up? if yes check out this link: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
also thanks@imran ! has anyone added a heater to their ecoqube? thanks
thanks @toriless
@patrick - you have legitimate gripe.  you are a half year behind on getting it.  there is no excuse from adi that works.  they owe you.  they may have the ecoqube d ready by the time you get yours.  go through the adi website.  it always has the fastest response. @iain w - the real concern is light penetration.  make sure the seed does not fall too deep into the sponge.  once it sprouts it will then need light and emergence but not during germination.  if you are really stuck you can grow water mints.  they grow in swamps.
@patrick and @matthew bond you should message them directly through kickstarter or send them an email here: info@adiventures.net or through the support desk: https://adiventures.freshdesk.com/support/home just use one support source not all 3 :) and i'm sure they will sort it out.
i am still waiting to received my ecoqube . . . worst, they are launching a new project before shipping stuffs of their previous project . . .
any one else in australia still not got theirs?
@michael arnott:  visit their website and contact them directly there.  they'll usually respond in just a few days if you get with them that way, and they're really good about replacing broken stuff.
mine was an utter failure.  everything that could go wrong did. seeds never started so i bought some, they never grew more than 1 inch high. status light on light controller (little blue one) quit after a few weeks. light controller completely died a couple weeks later. tank started leaking a couple weeks after that. is there somewhere/someone i can talk to about the failures of this unit?
@iain w there is the issue of root rot but i guess only time will tell. i hope it all works out for you.  also i should point out that i dont think the sponge should be fully submerged. trail and error, thats the way to go.
@imran thank you for the advice!! but strangely the aquaponics company i spoke to said the plant would nto grow if the sponge was fully in water, they said it would be like drowning the seeds so they couldn't grow.
@iain w no worries. for the seeds on top is fine or if there is a hole that too will work. you can test out which method works best for you. lots of factors contribute and make everyone's situation unique like light, temperature, humidity and overall climate. as the sponge isnt fully submerged in water you should be fine and roots hopefully will not rot. good luck. @alexander parrette i believe most people have received their ecoqube c's. you should send adi a direct message. i'm sure they will sort it out.
cut a slit and put a couple of seeds in
has anyone got these yet? i paid months and months ago and still nothing
are you cutting a slit and putting your seeds in the middle of your sponge or just sitting the seeds on top? thanks!!
@imran thank you! i called an aquaponics company where i am in the uk and they said the seeds/plant being permanently submerged in water would drown the roots and it probably wouldn't survive :( is this true?
@iain w here it is: https://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-crafts-32228-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w… you can see it mentioned in this update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1471944
can someone give me an amazon link for the alternative plant medium they suggest in the youtube video... can't find anything
i have sent several emails to info@adiventures.net to ask for the replacement plant medium and seeds, but so far no reply...
just a quick update, if you use a ramp timer then you have to use the preset colors.  otherwise it will flicker as the dimming functions are competing with each other, same for the program mode but those might work once fully power but i have not test that yet.  i'm using the current usa single ramp timer now, same 7 hours plus two 15 minute transitions, about $26+taxes.
@imran - i have always gotten real responsive e-mails when i go through adi instead of this ks location.  they even send me stuff if needed to succeed.  it may not be a perfect product but the people behind it make up for that.
talk about red, i used red flourite, so i could plant the cryptocorne lutea, even with rinsing it will take years.  i thought the red sound might make the green plants and orange and yellow shrimp pop more.  it did but at a cost.  ammonia still 0 and same nitrate after 6 month with no water changes but i need to test for nitrates.  i had tow shrimp die within 24 hours, so more shock then anything else but the two that made it are ok.  one orange and one yellow plus an assassin snail.
@mattg  how is your tap water? any rust/iron? do you have driftwood in the ecoqube c? driftwood can release tannins that stain water a brownish color. did you clean the gravel.  is the tank getting hit by direct sunlight?
i have posted before but now after 6 months with the ecoqube c i have lost 2 shrimp and one snail.  i have been fighting chronic orange water.  it makes no sense.  all of the nitrates, nitrites ph and ammonia levels are fine.  i just have orange water.  decided to gut the backside (pump, filter bag and large filter). i found the pump and outlet tube were caked with brown-orange slime and i forgot how much flow this pump puts out after all the slime was flushed.  so put back everything, change half the water and in about a week the same orange tint to the water returns.  there has to be someone who has seen this or know what remedy i can take!?!
i finally broke down an upgraded to a ramp timer.  i have pictures i just do not have time to go through them right now.  when i do i'll post them.
@such doge backer wow  here it is: you should message them directly through kickstarter or send them an email here: info@adiventures.net or through the support desk: https://adiventures.freshdesk.com/support/home just use one support source not all 3 :) and i'm sure they will sort it out.
@afif the uv filter helps keep the water extra clear and clean by acting as a buffer for mistakes such as over feeding or too much light which can cause bacterial and algae blooms. (taken form the faqs) @toriless if you want you can share them by uploading them on http://imgur.com/ or another site and share the link. feel free to join my site: aquariumenthusiast.com (it is a work in progress). @stinkatron5000 i cant confirm as i haven't personally tested this....yet. however a direct message to team adi will certainly sort this out for you. i'll see if i can confirm. @such doge backer wow  you should send them a direct message. i have forgotten the support email but remember posting a comment below a while back.
@imran - i am not sure where to post them.  i have few.  i can feed shrimp only daily.  they are in no hurry to eat.  the assassin snail is huge.
@afif - it is not of much use in a properly maintained tank, it can even hurt in some tanks that expect a resilient water column full of beneficial bacteria.  it helps control some algae only but proper control of lighting and nitrates makes it moot.  all tank borne algae need light.  i have 5 tanks (ecoqube c is number 5) and pond and use it in none. i use pond matrix as the bacterial bio-filter, emergent plants and a fountain (for oxygen which makes fish breathe easier even with plants and controls contagions) for the pond.  to be fair one is quarantine tank so it does not count, sort of.
problem with ecocube c  hi my ecocube's light is suddenly not working! is it possible to get a replacement?! i don't want my plants and fish to die. i tried unplugging it and pluging it again, and the switch is not working too :/ thanks!
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode) https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
thanks imran. if the blue light is left on, does it automatically turn on as well as off?
*uv sterilizer
does the uv really beneficial/helpful?
@stinkatron5000 the red light indicates that the uv will be on 24 hours whereas the blue light provides daily water cleaning for 2 hours. which is what adi recommends.
does anyone know what the red and blue lights represent on the uv?
@toriless we need pictures! :) your setup sounds very nice...
the clipping method works faster with mint.  i have some going now.  it take about only a week to start, you can also use standard rooting hormones to speed it up, then you can transfer it to the new media. you get a more mature plant quicker.  you can also constantly have starters ready if you plant gets too big.  basil has the advantage it that it can get bushier (using budding, i do it every year to my soil based basil and they get huge) once established but mint starts and grows easier and under a wider variety of conditions.  i would highly recommend you use mint until you system has been 100% operational for about a 9 months to year, or more. the first advice i got was to cover the mint cuttings was wrong; it got moldy and never recovered so i am starting again.  if you have plants in the tank do not worry, otherwise keep you current plant in for a week while root develop on the mint, just do not wait too long.  my nitrates went from 0 ppm to only 5 ppm but only after the first mint cutting failed due to moldy leaves with no basil plant above as the mint rooted, etc. but i use shrimp which to not overload the ecoqube and a planted cryptocoryne lutea.  it;s the perfect planted plant for this tank.  right size, ok in low light (as long as it get some daily), red and green leave add color and a good heat range so it does fine in unheated tanks like my shrimp tank but can take upper 70's temperatures like most fish like. if you were starting from scratch seeds would be ok since you need the bacteria to build up, etc. but in an already running and populated ecoqube you are better off doing cuttings.  i transferred my basil from the old media to soil and those over 2 inches survived the transplant. i still have not had to do a single water change since late december.  i used aquarium soil, planted a cryptocoryne lutea, added the stone mountain for shrimp crawl on and two small marimo moss balls sien shrimp,loves those two.  for fish do not use them.  it would block then from swimming.  get the wood only and plant a cryptocoryne lutea in flourite or cryptocoryne lutea soil or attach an anubias nana to the with a rubber band but it may take months for the root to bind to it. another underwater plant that might do well is elodea  (it is a taller plant lanky plant with small leaves and an excellent filtering plant for a tank with fish in it and often used to control algae) which only need anchoring so it is vertical since it has not root system like cryptocoryne lutea but i have not test it since the planted cryptocoryne lutea.
@vinay i got it delivered directly. you can check with your local post man otherwise, it may have got lost..
http://getecoqube.com/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
http://getecoqube.com/blogs/blog/95828614-how-to-clone-your-mint-or-basil-plant
uv is best used in shorter durations but daily.  personally, i never use it.
just saw your response @mansur a. usmani. thanks for that. rs.250 is a reassuring sum to hear. how did you get in touch with the customs department? i'm trying mails. they responded once and then have gone into silent mode again
are there any from india here who have received the ecoqube c? mine seems stuck with the indian customs. its been stuck for nearly 2 months now. did any of you experience a similar plight?
@imran - thanks for the lesson, much appreciated.
@spicylobster ultraviolet light is a type of electromagnetic radiation, as are radio waves, infrared radiation, x-rays and gamma-rays. uv light, which comes from the sun, is invisible to the human eye (actually research shows we filter it out). ultraviolet (uv) is a safe, clean, easy-to-maintain method of assuring that water is free of bacteria. uv water purification uses ultraviolet light, just like sunlight, to kill micro-organisms that may be in the water. so in short, its completely normal to see nothing :)
so i havent used the uv light since i first set up the aquacube. i turned it on today and looked in the compartment. shouldn't i see light in the back compartment if its working? the red light is on but there is zero light to be seen from the back area when i pulled off the top and looked. is this normal? i guess its my stupidity for not looking/not using it since i started this thing.
so i've setup my tank with 2 rocks, 4 wabikusa hairgrass, aquarium soil, and a betta. had to tie a piece of sponge filter (not really a sponge, but more fiber-like material) on the pump outlet, since the current is a bit strong that the betta was struggling to keep itself steady in one place. thinking of adding a couple of marimo moss ball soon :)
@afif i've setup this site: aquariumenthusiast.com, feel free to share there. i have to do some marketing and an active community going....
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode) https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
@tsveta koleva - idle/wild ahh, good to know! thank you very much! :d
@afif my betta has a very successful life with three amano shrimp. bettas are very dog-like creatures and each has its own temperament, you can't know unless you try. he chased them a bit for a week, hanged in their corner (they were on the inlet) but now is very indifferent to them. i put them in together so that might have helped, but generally he's a very good soul, so happy when someone looks at him that it's annoying :)
@imran thanks! guess i'll stick with just a betta. currently waiting for my hair grass and ada stones to arrive, which they didn't today. i think i have to pick them up myself tomorrow -_- do you or anyone here know how to actually cycle this tank (do we have to?)? i've been youtube-ing but couldn't really found a feasible enough solution :| p/s: my tank will have aquarium soil, hair grass, stones, and a betta fish. also, is there a forum or facebook group or something to share our setup and ask for help?
@tsveta koleva - idle/wild fingers crossed everything goes smoothly! @afif although tetras such as neons are a great beginner fish, they are extremely active fish. also, they need to be kept with members of their own species in order to feel safe and secure. in the wild, you can find tetras congregating in the thousands! thus a nano tank this size isnt suitable for them. a betta can survive with proper care. if you are getting interested in this hobby, check out this link which talks about fish for small tanks: http://www.myaquariumclub.com/nano-fish-for-small-aquariums-5134.html
can you put a betta and a couple of shrimps? or a betta and a couple of tetras?
@imran moving it to another sprayed location is the only option :) betta is fine with bagging, but i'm not sure the shrimp are going to give up easily.
@tsveta koleva - idle/wild that may work. would it be possible to move the tank? you could bag up the fish and put them in a temporary tank.
@tom knoll the heater should fit in the back, no need to drill a hole which may crack tank. see here: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
i just got my eco cube and its looks great, i also order aquarium heater but there is now way to connect the power cords when the glass cover is on. is it possible to drill a small hole in the plastic side without damaging the structure strength?
i'm in a predicament. the office is getting bug sprayed tomorrow night. they give an hour or two "not recommended to enter" time-frame. how can i minimize any potential damage? i'm thinking a couple of nylon bags, pump off (i'd hate to do that).
to be more specific both of my eco cubes pumps are not working
i am 3 weeks into my eco cube and the pump stopped working i have cleaned and checked it like adi recommended to and it still doesn't work
am having pump issue as well, the water flow very weak, first week still pretty good, it's 3rd week now, very weak water flow. @simon ho, what spec of 3rd party pump can replace the original pump from adi? going to try to clean the pump, if still the same will go for 3rd party pump. :-(
@aqua, please check private message, my fishes awaiting to die :(
the pump in the ecoqube is very small- therefore it can easily get clogged by debris, causing it to stop pumping until it is unclogged. i would encourage everyone to monitor this closely or routinely remove it once every month or two. i have had my ecoqube running since january and have never had to unclog it, but those who have different substrate or more plants that could produce debris may have more issues. the sponges in the filter area do a pretty good job of reducing the debris in the filter area but if we had used a finer sponge it would have significantly reduced the flow of water through the system. -evan team adi
@me the hex nut is on the backside of the spout in the filter area. the tube from the pump runs up to it and connects to a black 90 degree piece. once you unscrew it you pull the whole tube and pump out.
i said pictures or video to fix clogged or broken pump! i can't even find the hex nut you are referring to. even a friend of mine couldn't.
filter pump died, shrimp dead - thanks for nothing
for helpful videos and other questions: http://adiventures.net/pages/faq
how exactly does the automatic timer function work? the automatic timer feature will turn on the white, led grow lights for 7 hours, once a day.to activate the automatic timer, press and hold on the timer button (the clock with a 7 in it) for 3-10 seconds. if you have the inline controller, a small, blue indicator led will light up just above the button when the timer is active. if you have the remote control, the leds on the light panel will blink once to indicate that the timer is now active. the timer is set to turn on at exactly the time you activate it, so if you activate the timer at 7:00 am, your lights will turn on from 7:00 am to 2:00 pm every day. note: if the timer is active, the remote/inline controller will not work for other functions, you need to disable the timer by repeating the same process to turn them on, or unplug the light, plug it back in.
can i use tap/public water to fill my ecoqube c? we do not recommend using water from a faucet to fill your ecoqube, unless you filter it properly. we recommend using reverse osmosis water, or high quality bottled water to start your ecoqube c, or to top off evaporated water. tap/public water can contain chlorine and other harmful chemicals that can cause harm or death to any livestock in the system.
my pump/filter seems to have stopped working, how do i fix it? (pump is clogged) 1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant 2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank 3) remove nut from back of nozzle 4) remove nozzle 5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case 6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump 7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them) 8) replace and power up all the things
why is my basil not growing/what is wrong with my white sponge? we have been notified by several of you regarding the white plant media disintegrating under certain conditions. we initially sourced the white plant medium to replace the brown plant medium ( which contains organic tree bark) so that the ecoqube can easily pass through different countries’ customs regulations. here’s more resources for all the international backers out there! http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/17567223-international-backers. the white plant medium was tested in our ecoqubes for several months but we do not yet know what conditions are causing the white plant medium to melt. the white plant medium is not harmful to the ecosystem and can be easily replaced by natural ocean sponge which can be found easily online at very affordable prices. we advise against using media like rockwool because harmful mold can easily grow on rockwool and other plant medium that stay too wet over time. here’s an example of the natural sea sponge we recommend: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4… usa only: contact us for a replacement plant medium and seeds.
also the plants have died and the medium has basically disappeared
so did anyone actually manage to use the memory buttons? what's the way to go?
pump/filter is clogged too frequently ... ...  got to clean it once every week, or the water flow is too weak. finally, i had to replace it with a 3rd party pump ... ...
still nothing about how to fix a broken pump. nothing. i've asked and was told something would be created over a month ago. maybe its been two months. you gave written instructions but i need pictures or videos. i don't want to make it worse.
@aqua designs, my led lights have stopped working. i unplugged and plugged the light switch and nothing. how can i get this fixed.
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode) https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
@david tew. i have not seen any incoming emails from you in the last 10 days. -evan team adi
has anyone else had some issues when contacting customer services? they never seem very quick to reply. having so many issues. got my ecocube finally but none of the extras i paid for. �
hi vinay,  i received the ecoqube c about a few days back in india. had to pay rs. 250 customs.
manila - got mine this week.
cody, there no images attached to those links
have had no luck getting plants to grow in the top.  plant life though has been great inside the tank. here is mine currently, and i have to regularly trim the moss inside. http://i.imgur.com/yabr9bk.jpg http://i.imgur.com/8yrapvg.jpg one of the metal separators on the lid fell off randomly into my tank.
has anyone in india received their ecoqubes yet? mine seems to be stuck with customs for a month now.
hey!  my shrimp finally molted which is a sign the water is in good condition since he is growing.  wheee!  it looks weird though.  like a shrimp shell on one place and a shrimp in another place.  after the mint rows roots i'll get two more next weekend.
for those who have the uv. do we just leave it on all the time? or we need to manually turn it on for 2hrs a day like the manual recommends?
@tsveta, that's the first thing i tried doing and still nothing.
@cesar vargas - first, just ir.  ty leaving it unplugged for several minutes.  it should only take about 30 seconds to fully reset.  you can leave the pump plugged in.  the are 100% electronically isolated.  i have had my lighting unit completely removed more then once.  you might also make sure the sensor (just behind the farthest back lights over the plant is clean?  the brain are in the two small black chips near the center of the middle strip, i believe.  also, you can only change lighting modes when the timer is on.  of course, once the timer is on the power button does nothing.  personally i can get the rgb level buttons to do nothing unlike the white ones so i have had no colors work saving to memory.  i'll probably eventually disable it and insert a 12v ramp timer but those cost about as much as the ecoqube c itself.  i have added a thermal monitor with alarm which was about $20 plus the mountain stone, soil, plants, etc. but once i get good plant grow to show this thing works i might. p.s. - the ecoqube air is a perfect environment for rooting mint cutting for the ecoqube c but i do not have one so i'm using a clear cup to contain the moisture so the leaves stay moist until the root can form over the next week or so.  i should have done this from the beginning.  the basil seedlings i pulled are growing nicely now in small soil pots in the back yard.  i will probably have basil before everyone else not that they have recovered.  just keep the soil very moist at first since they have had wet root since "birth". @ thomas lemaire - their foreign shippers are idiots.  it probably on some truck a thousand miles away.  nothing but horror stories about how it takes them a month go go from loading bay to the truck.
@creator, thanks for the reply. i have tried unplugging the unit. both just the lights (leaving the pump running and the entire unit from the wall plug. is there anything else i can try?
where's my refund?
i am in australia and i still haven't received this. i have asked for a refund - but no response to my emails. thomas munro
@thomas lemaire you should message them directly through kickstarter or send them an email here: info@adiventures.net or through the support desk: https://adiventures.freshdesk.com/support/home just use one support source not all 3 :) and i'm sure they will sort it out.
hi guys, i've pledged for two ecocube c and just receive one two weeks ago (in new caledonia)...i've waited a bit to see if another one is coming but nothing... ???
hi guys, i've pledged for two ecocube c and just receive two weeks ago (in new caledonia)...i've waited a bit to see if another one is coming but nothing... ???
cesar- try unplugging the light to reset it. -adi
my remote has stopped working. last night i pressed the "night" mode button and that was the last command my tank would respect. now it's stuck in a 7 hour night mode loop. i changed my remote battery and still nothing. is there a way to "pair" the remote or is it simply ir? anyone else have this issue or have any suggestions on how to try and fix?
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode) https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
curious why my water was looking murky, i tested water 0 nitrite 20 nitrate 0 ammonia 7.3 ph however the water is orange! has anyone else seen this?
fyi, i'm with the remote.
@alex have you tried pulling the plug? sometimes the timer bugs out and doesn't trigger, and i can't turn it off too. unplug resets it.
since i have dozens of mint plants already popping up in part of the raised bed, i decided rather then taking forever with seeds versus a week or two for roots from a proper cutting that i would try a cutting since mint easily grows roots and the mint plants in my yard are already established and healthy.  an update later on....
my led lights have stopped working. how can i get this fixed aqua designs ?
yes, i had the sponge meltdown but only after several months not weeks like some people.
@werner botha - i have had several e-mail communication with adi via the websites e-mail.  you are simply wrong. @aim p - your tank is over populated. you need a tank 3 times as big. i hope the fish are at least not both males or soon one will be dead.  there is a reason they are called siamese fighting fish.  you should have single betta.  if unheated you can also get several white cloud danios which have bright red a blue stripes under the light provided by the ecoqube c but they will breed like crazy if you heat the tank and it will quickly become over populated.  they are very fast swimmers so i moved mine to a shallow but long 25 gallon tank and got it some friends to swim with.  they love it and are always zipping about.  meanwhile, my shrimp are happy.  personally, i am on month 4 without needing any water changes 0.2 ppm total ammonia 0% free ammonia, 0% nitrite, 0% nitrate (unlike all moth other tanks which have some nitrate) but because i was not greedy and only put in some shrimp and an assassin snail.
i'm still waiting for mine!! contacted aqua design and they said its been send out january. i contacted the postal service and it's lost in post and now aqua cube is ignoring my emails and seems don't want to help me find it or send another. looks like i can right my pledged money off! customer services sucks and no other way to contact them other than through kickstarter via email.
so i used to have 3 plants that were able to stay alive from the original sponge and moved them to a natural sea sponge when the original was rotting. now all died but one and it looks like its already dying. the leaves are already wilting and i might need a new one soon. the sea sponge are also now turning black as well. what other plants can i grow for this tank in substitute for this plant? also, i've been testing the water since i got it and found that the ammonia and ph level do rise so i've been changing its water frequently. i thought the product said that i don't need to do any water changes, but apparently i need to for this. i already lost 2 betas and now have 3 guppies and a shrimp right now.
finally got mine too. product seems pretty good. i'll now buy an air i think but will be prepared to wait knowing it will come....eventually!
received my ecoqube from sydney thanks
another sydney sider finally got my qube on monday 18th april. it's very impressive! i'm really happy that i got it finally but are there going to be shipping refunds? thanks, and i'm looking forward to setting up- just need to find a transformer for everything first!
still no sign of mine. any possibility of some sort of shipping confirmation?
finally got my cube! waiting for the weekends to come so i get some time to go buy some decos & the sea sponge before filling it up. the delivery did miss out on my automatic feeder, but adi said they'll sort that out! good to finally be able to start!!
@imran - someday i'll insert a ramp timer to the light connection since it uses standard 12v connections but for now i'm using the built-in one which has no fading in and out. @max hunter - siamese fighting fish (betas) are notorious for killing other fish and shrimp.  any more the one male and all the other males will soon be dead too.
regarding the flow, my betta had big issues at the beginning. he's still careful around the outlet. not that he's afraid of it or can't get out, just careful. speaking of which, he just put half his tail over the nozzle and said "big whoop".
@maximilian hutter confirmed dead or the betta got overfed ;) he might terrorize them until dead. like, one leg at a time. they're fast, but he can be determined. and no, that isn't overcrowded. shrimp have virtually no load, and this is not your ordinary tank. at twenty i'd be slightly worried. for the betta that is, he'll bump into shrimp whiskers everywhere. if it's heavily planted you'll never know they're there.
@max hutter 6 animals in a tank that size might be overcrowding? apologies for brevity, on phone.
i'm in sydney and my ecoqubes were delivered yesterday. definitely not the quickest process but glad to have finally received them.
there is no way to decrease the water flow. we recommend adding decorations that block some of the flow to parts of the tank, and it gives the betta a good hiding place. they will also get use to it over time. betta's are born and raised in cups with zero flow. -adi
is there a way to decrease the water flow?  my beta is not liking how fast it is coming out.  thanks!
pump/filter is clogged. how to clean the pump: 1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant 2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank 3) remove nut from back of nozzle 4) remove nozzle 5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case 6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump 7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them) 8) replace and power up all the things
info about uv: https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0…
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode) https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
i am still awaiting my ecoqubes
sorry to hog the comments page - i did receive my ecoqubes and feeder but not the sterilizer that is itemised on the tax invoice.  will it come later??
i posted early this morning that i had not received my ecoqubes - and they arrived this afternoon!! thank you.
@ross webb-wagg i think the power supply is universal however you'll need an adapter. but you should still confirm the voltage on it. @jackson tran maybe it's gotten clogged? you can see how to clean it in a comment below or on the adi site faqs page.
my pump has stopped pumping water out. any ideas on what could be the problem?
i have received my 2 ecoqubes but the power supply is not for australia �
well that 3 weeks is up adi, i want my refund and i want it in the next few days. i am sick of waiting for a product that hasn't arrived. you have not sent me tracking details even though i have asked for them either. i will be not be backing any more of your projects as you are clearly not set up to handle large volume orders from international customers as this project has clearly shown.
my light stopped functioning within about 3 months. i have emailed adi for over 4-5 days and have heard nothing. my shrimp have started to die, and i gather i will be waiting a couple weeks before hearing back.
live in western australia and still have not received my ecoqubes.
still haven't received my ecoqube ... how long has it been ??? and no real updated from adi. they said they will refund the shipment cost after two weeks of waiting and still nothing. this is very frustrating. it would be nice if they were able to provide us with the delivery company and tracking numbers. hope to hear from you soon
my ecoqube c is running for 5 weeks now. my betta fish is healthy but i added 5 red shrimps to the tank 3 weeks ago, today only 2 are left and i don't know why.. water conditions were tested and are perfect, no overfeeding etc. anyone with ideas?
i never received my ecoqube :(
i have a betta and three amano shrimp. may put some cherries too tho...
all these can survive with proper care and maintenance: cloud minnows, zebrafish, guppies or scarlet badis. however again most have stuck with bettas, someone also put in some cherry barbs. there are a few others as well. good luck with your ecoqube c!
what about the critters in the tank are all doing bettas? i just set up mine. planning for red cherry shrimp and growing thyme.
@won gyu lee you should message them directly through kickstarter or send them an email here: info@adiventures.net  or through the support desk: https://adiventures.freshdesk.com/support/home just use one support source not all 3 :) and i'm sure they will sort it out.
hi. i received it today. sadly it was cracked all... how can i fix it? plz tell me solution.
@toby   yup that is correct. @xenatos i've noticed most backers have stuck with basil, a few tried mint. i dont recall anyone trying anything else. i still have to set up mine, so maybe i can change the trend!
so i have to get an international adaptor to run this in aus? didn't see anything in the box.
curious to what the rest of the community are growing? i find the volume too little for bettas so i am doing red cherry shrimps. very little bioload, not sure if the plant is getting any nutrients at all haha might try some triops or brine shrimps if all else fails.
@adi nice! great update of video links...
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode) https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
finally got my ecoqube. waiting for the water to clear up.
@toriless  or you could share them here: aquariumenthusiast.com
@toriless you can try imgur.com good night.
@imran - how?  i used to do that year ago and attachments are not allow here.  it's late/early here so i should check in the evening about suggested free sites to use.   i did send them to adi via e-mail.  post to some site and post links i assume but if you can suggest a free site.  i really do not care which one so long as it is free and easy to use.   zzzzzzzzzzzzz  did i fall asleep?  nah!  ok, time to ...
@toriless  that's great. pictures....we love pictures :)  please feel free to share them.
@ imran - it took a while but i go it done.  i took some pictures too.  i could have cleaned it better but did not have a pipe cleaner and i suspect i will have to clean the circular intake every few months.  i was just algae on the intake.  none in the tank but plenty on this intake.  now i know why 0 nitrates.  probably the algae scrubber of a pump.  it could also be why my basil looks bad.  i'll go get some mint seeds and restart the aerial plant part.  the cryptocoryne lutea looks nice in this tank.  much prettier then anubias or those grasses and it does not mind low light.
@ russell conduit - yes, you should get your ecoqube air in nz about 2020 or 2021. @simon - i got them from some java moss which i have now pulled.  it was in horrible shape too but i think it was stirring up the soil to put in a plant that stopped mine after 3-4 months.  i need to take the time to fix it while my bacteria is still ok. @tsveta koleva - try cryptocoryne lutea.  by bulging plastic i assume you mean the top.  i have they too but only a little but so far.  i also lost 1 of 4 feet.  i have not bothered gluing it back on yet. @imran - that sounds an awful lot like what they told me to do.  i've been sick but i should really do it this weekend. p.s. - my marimo moss ball are too big!!  aargh!  i sent them a picture.
i am still waiting on my earlybird ecocube c!!! if you are an international backer (i.e. non-us) do not bother with these guys and the eqocube air - they absolutely do not hold any regard whatsoever for international backers!!!!
ah, ok imram, thanks for the tip.  as an aquarium owner i should have done a bit of servicing before my comment.  i took the pump out and unblocked it. would you believe the cause?  i got the sand from my local aquarium supplier and it produced loads of snails, so i picked most out and bought an assassin snail to keep it in check, however, some must have got into the back area as the inlet for the pump was full of baby snails.  what a mess...all good now...panic over! si
here is a great video on the ecoqube c maintenance: https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0
ahhh, the pump has stopped on mine, anyone had this?
a bit of showoff and some rants. http://imgur.com/ltwwqcz - shan, shrimp and a chell photobomb. everything's developing ok for now, except my total inability to select small, decent looking and undying plants. for example, look at that lilaeopsis getting the bald treatment. new floaters every day. i might have to start adding flourish again... http://imgur.com/zo33ne3 - the new after-melt basil. a very slow grower. only recently went a bit faster, and i believe it's the presence of the fish that helps. also the shrimp are eating a ton of bio-everything. the plastic is bbb, or bulged beyond belief. and i'm not sure it will ever stop. the feet are barely keeping the lid in place, and evaporation is more than it should be. how the hell is this possible???
adi team you said that the eco cubes have arrived in israel on the 4th of april but it's already the 15th of april and i haven't received my eco cube can you please tell me where it is
any update for australian backers? i've not received it yet.
the singapore distributor is so difficult to deal with. they won't deliver during business hours (to my office), and they are so picky with what times and nights they can deliver. due to this i still have not received my ecoqube in singapore. :\ they sound more like a one man shop.
@luke, we're working on it! =) @geroge, we just sent you a message, your light will be replaced soon! @imran, you're awesome!
another request video for pump cleaning. sponge sucks going to need another. on my second plants.
this is george i have an ecoquebe c and my lights have gone out. i unplugged it plugged it back and still no lights. i am worried about the fish and plants. i noticed that the timer, even though it was set the light was always on. i turn off the timer but was unable to get any lights back on. any ideas?
@rob jacobson this is taken from one of adis previous comments: "my pump/filter seems to have stopped working, how do i fix it? (pump is clogged) 1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant 2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank 3) remove nut from back of nozzle 4) remove nozzle 5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case 6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump 7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them) 8) replace and power up all the things"
instructions for pump removal/cleaning needed full maint video references availability of detailed instructions for pump removal and cleaning if water flow diminishes. got that situation, but everything else is fine. thanks, rob
i'm in perth australia and mine arrived today. looking forward to taking it out when i get home!
still no sign of mine (melbourne, australia). hopefully as some seem to have arrived in aus, maybe mine will too.
received mine finally. tasmania, australia. cycling as we speak. thanks adi
received mine in uae yesterday.
@nicole taylor - the white sponge is not a natural sea sponge.  mine tooks a few month to rot and by then i had four basil plants so i then took out a three inch one and a two inch one and transplanted them to soil and transplanted two 2 inch ones to a sea sponge but i'm not sure if it will work.  i may try starting over since i have several water plants to take the nitrate load.   if anyone is trying to do a traditional slightly heated tropical tank with plants i would suggest they try a cryptocoryne lutea in their soil.  the anubia nana like it roots to be attached to something.  you could even do both.  both are a similar relatively small size but the cryptocoryne lutea likes its roots buried.  cryptocoryne lutea is fine with the low light conditions like anubia nana (or java fern) and even has some red tones which usually only happen on bright light loving plants.  i have had success with both planted and open water for java ferns.  java ferns hate bright light and the leaves start to burn if it gets too much.  i already have enough fish tanks so i chose to go with shrimp but i too am trying a cryptocoryne lutea.  i also need to find something with real tiny leaves for the shrimp to hang out on beside the moss balls since it usually hangs on the back side of the moss balls.  i do not this elodea has small enough leaves.  anyone try elodea with shrimp yet??  oh yeah, assassin snails are a good match for this tank but only get one or they will take over the tank.  limiting food sources is the best way to control you snail population and you want to do that because most snails have a lot of "output".  assassin snails have a low bioload.
any update about my shipment to saudi arabia?
so nothing proves my shipment again. horrible
nothing in manila.... ....and it's a lot closer than australia or nz!
alex and ashley, we sent your tracking numbers. for others- not all tracking slips are readable for us since they were scanned by a computer. we are sending messages for all of those that are readable.
finally a tracking number received, for delivery to nz
still nothing here in melbourne, australia
can someone please reply to my refund request please!!
still no delivery in melbourne...!!
omg, it's been like 6 months already!!!! i've not received my order yet! this is terrible! evan! if you can provide tracking numbers of my shipping in thailand, that'd be more than perfect. anyway i will wait till' the end of this month otherwise i'd prefer my money back! this is unacceptable
update on shipping: units have been delivered in new zealand, all of the tracking numbers we have received from the shipper were delivered. i know there are others left.  india orders are in transit, evan sent tracking numbers to those who we have numbers for. israel- units arrived in the country april 4 and should be delivered any day now. thailand- units are on the way and should be delivered any day now malaysia- units are on the way and should be delivered any day now australia- plenty of confirmed deliveries, we are still waiting to receive all of the tracking numbers from the shipper. we will post another comment when we know more. thank you for your understanding. -evan team adi
i got your private message about offering a refund, but i don't really get it - how can you offer a refund for something you can't even track? if i said yes and the qube is in transit, then bonus for me. if i say no then i wait - but how do i know it's going to ever turn up if you can't even track it? you said all orders would pretty much be shipped by end of march. logistically this is a total f$#%k up on your part. i'll give it 1 more week for my 2 x qubes to be delivered to nzl, if it doesn't turn up then i'll request a refund.
still yet to receive mine in sydney also. how do we go about the refund of shipping costs, as stated in your emails if it still wasn't here in two weeks?
haven't received my ecoqube c after months of waiting in australia, i ran out of patients & very disappointed. i have heard enough apologies or excuses from you guys. without tracking numbers or relevant information to track the package, it is impossible to tell if it is ever going to arrive at my doorstep. therefore, i demand a refund. i think that's the easiest way out for both parties.
while this is a nice ornament, it is not really suitable for keeping a fish. 1.5 gallons is the absolute bare minimum for the recommended betta fish but every website i have visited says they also require a water temp of around 78-80 degrees which requires a heater (mine currently sits at about 60-62 degrees) and a 1.5 gallon tank is apparently too small for a heater to maintain a steady temperature. a couple of zebra fish were also recommended here. these can survive down to about 65 degrees which is almost there but all the fish websites say you need at least 6 of them as it is a shoaling fish again making the tank again too small. i have not been able to find any other fish that could be kept in it. it's a pity as it looks nice, but all i'll be keeping are some plants and the few snails that sneaked in with them. be aware.
still nothing here in sydney, australia. this was supposed to be an xmas present, and when that came and went it was going to be a birthday present. that was over a month ago now. starting to get pretty disappointing...
still no ecoqube either, australia here.
never mind, i guess i spoke too soon on natural sea sponge not rotting.  i just noticed that the sponge seemed to be collapsing and the plant wasn't growing any more for over a week at least, so i pulled it out and it was 80% rotted pure black mush.  i just started a new one in case it was some kind of weird new tank thing, but i'll be checking it much more often this time.  i'm not sure how the sponge could have rotted so fast, since it was a great looking sponge and just 3 itsy bitsy basil plants about an inch high.  i don't even have a fish in my tank yet, still trying to cycle the tank.  it does have a couple of live plants in the tank, with some minor algae unfortunately, and 3 baby snail buddies that came off those plants :(  but i don't see how that would kill a sponge?  is anyone having luck with any kind of medium not rotting for several months of use?  the whole idea of this tank really depends on actually being able to keep a plant alive.
still no delivery in australia. numerous response about refund and nothing. it is extremely frustrating!
@robin @afif @matthew @ryan we sent you a message with more information on our progress and your orders thus far. we've been hearing from many australian backers they've been receiving their orders recently.
it's already april 2016, and the expected delivery was last november 2015.  it is just frustrating to wait and telling it will be delivered.. yadah yadah!
@creator what about my bag of black activated carbon? i certainly didn't receive it...
still no joy for aussie deliveries!!!
any aussie buyer receive the cube yet? the creator email promise the cube should delivery within lhis week, but look like i wont have it within this week. so disappointed about keep wasting waiting for it, while flooded with advertising/spam emails from adi regard their new project and their friend project.
@adi can you please stop using ecoqubec channel to market your air cube.
i still don't have either of my ecoqube's months after the initial shipping dates have come and gone. unless i can get my tracking information to see exactly where it is, i will be seeking a refund. i will never back an adi project again and will be telling my friends it's not worth the hassle.
@luke, we sent you a message! =) @afif, great to hear another backer in the region received their ecoqube! we know they've all been sent and we're confident they will all arrive soon. thank you for sticking with us all the way through!
another week has passed, and another week i am without my ecoqube...how do i get a refund?
*link of the said video: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so i've just watched this video on what's included in the ecoqube. seems like i didn't receive the "bag of black activated carbon" on minute 1:54 mark.
hi adi. i expect mine will arrive this week (in australia), if you are already sending a message to your distributor to get tracking details, i wouldn't mind either. but don't send a separate massage just for me, not unless i still don't get it this week.  i'm just trying to figure out if its worth me staying up until 3am here to support the air when it launches. in the email. it said shipping to us only, i am assuming at this time that it is not correct, just a mock up?
received it today in johor, malaysia. at a glance looks ok. haven't done any setup yet nor any inspection. hope everything will be ok. and i also forgot what to do once we get it. will look up for it when i got the time.
@edward, everyone in singapore should've received their ecoqubes already. most received several months ago some were recently sent. we'll get in touch with our friend in singapore to get your tracking for ya. feel free to send us a message to check in for your tracking in the next 7-10 days as we're working on digitizing all the paper tracking.
anyone in singapore received theirs yet? won't be buying the air that's for sure.
hey guys! we've sent all of you an individual message =) thousands have received their ecoqubes including people in your regions. just a few dozen have been held us as singapore postage can be slow when working with other country's postage carriers. we're working on compiling all the tracking information and numbers of the packages that were sent out to you all. rest assured, all ecoqubes have guaranteed delivery backed by us.
hey guys, y'all said it'd be here by 23rd to 25th march, waited a week on top of that. told you i wouldn't want a refund if it arrived on time. now i'd like a refund please. can get the guys at singapore to keep mine. don't need it anymore. would prefer the refund. thanks.
would be good if we can get an update on our shipping status too. haven't got mine and i'm in nz.
why are you releasing me products when you can't even support you current one? in the mean time in waiting for your video instructions on how to unclog or fix my broken pump and my fish is suffering and my plant is dead. thanks
the sponge will be melted . basil is rotten .
i also from malaysia and haven't got mini.
still nothing. have sent multiple messages and nothing. seriously  give me an update. this is ridiculous
still waiting for mine in malaysia. any malaysians gotten theirs yet?
ecoqube c maintenance tips (full episode)  https://youtu.be/hg5z4unr_a0 ecoqube c- planting and starting your basil https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi ecoqube c- how to keep it clean. removing algae. https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74 ecoqube c maintenance- filter area https://youtu.be/8ipks1-344i ecoqube c- how to use the remote  https://youtu.be/qqi9xo-z1pi ecoqube c maintenance- water level https://youtu.be/gfsi5sv_gxq ecoqube c maintenance- water usage https://youtu.be/fiqbrir7abw
my pump/filter seems to have stopped working, how do i fix it? (pump is clogged) 1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant 2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank 3) remove nut from back of nozzle 4) remove nozzle 5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case 6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump 7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them) 8) replace and power up all the things
where can i find a pump disassembly video? i feel the flow is not as visible at the front glass since the sponge melt and want to clean it up just in case. and the inside of the pump section has white biological yuck stuff floating too, i'll do a partial water change by draining from there. if the flow was good it shouldn't exist, i think. can the pump cope with a regular sponge at the inlet for some time to catch the tiny stuff or it's going to be too much for it? i checked the black sponge and the only thing it stopped were a bunch of manado granules.
@kieran. check your messages :)
finally got my ecoqubes today! they look awesome. sadly they arrived right before i'm going away for 3 weeks so i won't be able to set them up for a while. how exactly are you supposed to install the betta hammocks?
@yee, yves, and suman. we just messaged you!
btw... i still do not have it.
it definitely hurts when you get a mail saying "this is kevin liang, the creator of the ecoqube. i just wanted to personally send you a message to see how you've been and get your feedback on the ecoqube c so far since you've had it for a few months now." few months!!!!!! no words to say
@kieran you can trust me but let's keep it hush-hush for now ;) i have my sources :)
just received mine today (4) of them, they are nice, but it sure did take a long time!
nothing received in australia and no response since the promise for a refund. how much longer do we have to wait and put up with this while you're pushing for a new project?
this video will tell you everything you need to know to make the ecoqube a success. i talk about several common issues and regular maintenance tips: https://www.youtube.com/watch… -evan team adi
@jack, rohit, bill, tim, and james, we just messaged you!
"hey there kickstarter backers! this is kevin, the founder of adi. i hope you’re all enjoying the ecoqube so far!" you mean the one that i don't have yet?
@imran where did you see the april 4 date? the latest emails say they haven't finalised a date yet
like jack r. taylor yang's problem my sponge dissolved into a fibery mush.. the ecocube is full with dirt as a result because the filter ain't working.. what did i do wrong?
i don't see anywhere outlining the size of the new ecocube air please post
hello, i am a vip backer from singapore - its an irony that i haven't received it despite singapore being the distribution centre.
has anyone found a reason why the sponge disintegrate to a fibery mush?
@denny, won gyu, and minh, we just messaged you!
@cory maddox it's been pushed forward to the 4th of april. i'm really looking forward to the air!
i thought the ecoqube air was launching at 8am today?
still waiting for mine and haven't heard anything from my emails. any chance of a refund since pretty annoyed now that i haven't received it and had to spend more money buying people replacement presents.  how hard is it to send a package from singapore to australia?!?!  seriously.
hi. i'm still waiting my ecoqubes. please check again.
hi creator, i still have not get my 2 ecoqube , where is the tracking number? what kind shipping company you use from singapore? im in indonesia
new maintenance video for everything you need to know about the ecoqube c: https://www.youtube.com/watch… -evan team adi
@tiffany fordyce : if so mine didnt have a sheet of glass for lid.  and i thought everyone was getting one since it was unlocked.
@backers:  those of you with ecoqube c's that you are considering disposing of due to complications, if you would be interested in recovering your money instead, i may be interested in buying your c back from you.  get in touch with me!  tiff.fordyce@gmail.com
@arleen w.: the cover is the glass 'lid' with metal feet that goes over the opening in the top of the aquarium.  it's just sheet glass with feet.
they made good on getting me a new pump. now it works great. best to email them directly as i have learned!
"all ecoqube c’s pre-ordered (only) on kickstarter will now come with a cover for reduced water evaporation" i thought we were getting a cover on the ecoqube.. or is the partial cover i see is the cover we unlocked as the stretch goal, or was it for a add-on purchase? i ask cause my ecoqube arrived this week and was wondering about that part.
i donated one of my ecoqubes to my daughter's school. just spoke with the teacher yesterday and she said that despite the early demise of their first fish, it has been a wonderful addition to the classroom and the kids (2nd graders) love it! decided to give my second one to another classroom at the school so more kids could enjoy it. thank you!
i sent you a message shane w. -evan
hi team adi, are you referring to the email you sent out on feb 2? i haven't seen any other email related to shipping anytime after that. again, im based in bangkok, thailand i fully understand you are having issues with the distributor but i just would like to know an approximate date on when it might be shipped. thank you.
in case this helps anyone, i am having good luck so far with the plant medium and basil seeds i purchased myself. i got basil seeds on amazon, they are super cheap - http://smile.amazon.com/basil-seeds-dwarf-greek-seeds/dp/b00b1z2556 i got genuine sea sponges from gulf coast sponge to use as plant medium, the caribbean silk ones in small size.  they came in nice clean condition and only needed to be trimmed a tiny bit to fit into the holder.  the only annoying thing is that the company never sent me a single email to acknowledge my order - they just showed up about a week and a half after i ordered on their site.  it's good to have some backup sponges.  any plant medium made of natural materials will probably go moldy eventually (after all, in the case of the this sea sponge, it's technically a dead animal, so it will rot over time even if it's a sea creature).  so i expect i may need to replace the basil and sponge over time, assuming this aquarium works for that long.
@dov lebowitz-nowak - the ecoqube has that gap in the back area with a cord holder specifically for the heater to go there.  there is no easy way to put a heater in the tank front because of the lid design - where is the cord going to go?  plus the tank is so small, i would hate to eat up more space there in the front.  the safety instructions for my neo-therm heater just say to make sure the heater is covered by water at all times, and to keep it vertical with the corded end up.  the heater just barely fits into the back, so it does not budge a centimeter.  the heater is designed for a small tank, so it should not overheat.  it has a fairly wide temperature range, so you can always keep it a bit cooler if you are worried - set it at 76 or even 74 and a betta should still be fine.  i'm keeping mine at 78, and i've checked the tank water temperature with another device several times and it's stayed at 78 in the tank, it's not overheating.  the outside of the heater isn't even noticeably hot at all, and it's not hotter there in the back compartment.  i don't think there is any chance of the acrylic melting, it does not feel warm at all when i touch the acrylic where the battery is.  maybe there would be more of a problem if i were running the heater in a very cold room?  i keep my house at 72-74 in the winter and 78-80 in the summer, so the heater won't have to work very hard and possibly wasn't even necessary, but i was worried about potential nighttime fast temperature drops.  but i think it should be fine for anyone, water is constantly flowing pretty fast, so the temperature stays even.
as shown in the latest video, will you atleaat provide the proper plant medium to us asia backers who have waited so long?
all i heard is everything's been shipped for the past month and yet nothing was received. i think it's high time for a refund.
i sent out an email to everyone in the asia pacific region regarding shipping, please check your email associated with your kickstarter account. -evan team adi
hi guys, im basd in bangkok thailand and still haven't received my ecoqube yet. any updates?
planting and starting your basil. new video: https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi
how to keep your ecoqube clean and algae free: https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74
full length video on how to use your ecoqube c: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i like the orange button in the corner "ships in 24 hrs" what a lie and a joke i have not recieved my early bird order from i don't know how long ago now how about looking after your original pledgers before making claims like this to new suckers
i need help! my filter is not working. i tried sucking up the debris from the compartment at the back but it's still not working :( how do i get it to work again?
my eco cube is now in the garbage after 2 months.  between the disintegrating plant medium, lid caps falling off, breaking/plugged pump, useless filter, and warped roof/lid, this was the worst experience i've had with any product i've kick-started. the idea was good and i wish it worked out better.
random question:  i think i killed the basil plant.  i went a way for a few weeks and left someone to care for the fish (alive!), but the plant light stayed on the entire time nuking the basil plant.  do you have any recommendations/best practices to starting a new plant.  and while on the subject, i have the hardest time finding mint seeds, any tips on that?
just got a mail yesterday saying mine has been shipped and should receive in the next 2 weeks! hoping for the best.  just wondering how did you guys end up with such an horrible , good for nothing distributor.
@david, we just messaged you!
i'm still waiting in the uk - 2 months since i filled out my details. no comms
@evan @leigh, just sent you both a message! we will be sending out an update regarding this soon as well! =)
sydney here, have yet to receive my ecoqube. given the traffic and commentary here, i'm finding it a bit hard to believe that there's only 50 that haven't been shipped so far across asian pacific / australia / new zealand.
hi there, i still haven't received my ecoqube c series.  just wondering if there is an issue?  thanks, leigh
how to keep your ecoqube clean and algae free: https://youtu.be/ivymcqebs74
planting and starting your basil. new video: https://youtu.be/dsru7rmg5hi
@jeff, john, we just messaged you!
what kind of plant should we grow in the back part of the tank, i used the seeds that came with mine, but those plants didn't really grow, so i need to get some replacements.
@tiffany as i stated below i doubt that it to works that way. but if you clean the filter too often you might get in trouble as well. if you clean it too often you will remove all the "good" bacteria. imho i would keep smaller shrimps in there. that is my opinion.
hi, i have not receive mine yet.  thanks
okay, i could use some insight from the backers who are pretty familiar with aquariums in general.  the last update essentially said to leave the ecoqube alone if you expect it to do what it's supposed to do.  am i missing something here?  obviously, keeping the filter clear of debris is important, as is cleaning the pump if it starts having difficulty, but they specifically said not to change the water and to leave the rest of the ecosystem alone.  that's about as maintenance-free as you get.
thanks for your quick reply although i still disagree in a few points. plants will "eat" the nitrates but not the nitrites. that can be done buy filter bacteria but imho one should test that once per day during the first weeks. hi nitrites can kill a lot of fish fast. the nitrates can be removed by the plants but that depends on ones feeding habits. there are imho more  values that need to be checked. such as water hardness and ph. and even if the water is good the tanks are to small. amanos should be kept in groups. one amano can become abot 7cm long. together with a betta the tank is too small. i know that bettas can take a lot but i am sure they are not happy in a tank of this size.
we've made the hard decision to not answer questions directly on the comments section and message everyone directly instead because it's nearly impossible for the 3 of us to provide thorough support on a platform that doesn't allow us to cross check conversations and communicate with our fulfillment partners or manufacturer easily. we're focusing our efforts on making sure all the messages and emails we get are responded to as quickly as possible. at the volume of messages we're trying to handle and to ensure everyone gets a thoughtful and accurate response, we have to pick and choose the most time efficient channels to use. please send us a message, we will respond to ya =)
@afif, omri, lauchi, we're working on an elaborate update to address the backers in southeast asia once we hear back from our friends in singapore today! @oliver, thanks for your input! you're right, if there was no aquaponics filtration, livestock do require more water volume. from our knowledge of working in the aquarium industry, we've learned that most farmed bettas grew up in beer bottles without filtration for generations very healthily. are they happy in the beer bottles? probably not. we're here to save them! =) 95% of people that purchase bettas don't purchase a filter and they're usually kept in single bowls ~1 gallon. the ecoqube is 2 gallons large with dual stage filtration and aquaponics filtration recycling the water 30x/hour. would it be better if the tank was larger? yes. but there's a point of diminishing return. if the basil is healthy, nitrites, nitrates and ammonia stay below 10ppm. even with a typical 10 gallon aquarium with just 1 fish and 3 shrimp, nitrate levels are above 20ppm if water isn't changed for 1 month. with the ecoqube, we have 3 running for 12+ months and all the nitrogen readings reach 0. large water volume is important to sustain great water quality for extended periods of time but in the case that there's plants removing all the nitrates because it has access to all the co2 in the air for photosynthesis, there is no need for constant water changes or an aquarium larger than that's the beauty of aquaponics. we've tested it before at the largest aquaponics farm in the us =)
from malaysia and still not receive mine!
your last update is really dangerous: "invertebrates can be a unique and beneficial addition to your ecoqube. in addition to adding more life to your ecosystem, these little guys will actively clean the interior of your tank all the while requiring zero maintenance. " this is false. invertebrates are not all the same in maintance. especally in a tiny tnak like this maintance is needed! you recommend amano shrimps. the tnak is by far to small for amano shrimps. i am keeping amanos myself in a much bigger tank. they need the right food and water values to feel good. and they need a bigger tank. as well as beta fish!!! choose smaller shrimps. the tnak is too small for almost any fish.
i didn't receive my "ecoqube c complete special" yet, can you help me with that? thanks
i have not received fm have ecoqube yet, is anyone here could help?  thanks
@tomas, we just messaged you!
hi, the pump stopped suddenly?
@pradeep, we just checked our records and our team member has already promised you a refund. we're just awaiting your payment info. thanks!
we've made the hard decision to not answer questions directly on the comments section and message everyone directly instead because it's nearly impossible for the 3 of us to provide thorough support on a platform that doesn't allow us to cross check conversations and communicate with our fulfillment partners or manufacturer easily. we're focusing our efforts on making sure all the messages and emails we get are responded to within 2 days. if you have any issues, we're going to do the right thing and take care of you. at the volume of messages we're trying to handle and to ensure everyone gets a thoughtful response, we have to pick and choose the most effective channels to use. all that means is, if you send us a message, we will respond to ya =)
@john, thank you for your input and understanding! we really appreciate it. @pradeep, we've already delivered over 7000 units. 50% were delivered on time. over 20 countries were fulfilled by january. we sincerely apologize for your case. we'd be happy to give you a full refund. there haven't been many people who have requested refunds but for everyone that does and send us a message, we provide a full refund even though we are not obligated to. we're here to do the right thing and deliver a quality product and we're going to make sure you're 100% taken care of. @the tick tock man,  you can see in the faq section of our site how to easily fix your pump: adiventures.net/faq. if you aren't able to get it running, we stand behind our product 100% and will replace it if necessary (this has been rare) although we weren't able to respond to all our messages immediately, 90% of them are responded to within 48 hours and 100% of messages are responded to. you can see a detailed letter and response to all the obstacles we've overcome here https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1471944 the effort and time we've taken to make this the best product possible here:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1302384
well all dead pump here after attempting there fix. i'm working on an alternative filtration system that actually works. possibly a sponge filter system. hell i might take out a large hunk of the back of the tanks to do it. i have succumbed the fact that i have a better chance of seeing god than getting any sort of customer support on this thing. any ideas? i'll write this one off as an experiment in modifying a nano tank if i don't hear from them soon.
@john, first of all, it's you're*. secondly. you have no idea why i'm doing this. you have no idea how patient i've been and frankly i don't really care what you think. previously i've only messaged them privately because i didn't want to take it to this. 3 times. and they gave me the same template that they're giving us all. if you don't understand the situation i'm in with these guys, please save your comments. my beef isn't with you. people work hard for their money. i do too even if it's two cents, it matters. and i don't like people who make assurances and don't make good on them. they haven't even had the decency of messaging me or even attempted to remedy the situation. like i said, you worry about your life, let me worry about my own.
@pradeep, i think your massively over acting, kickstarter is not an online shop. it is a place where you back ideas and get rewarded for your help. a project like this is very hard to manufacture as there are so many components, so it is very easy to get delays.
you're not listening. i want my refund. don't want your product. it was due last november and my new year's resolution was not to let liars and cheats take me for a ride. guess what, it's march 2016 now.
still havent gotten mine . . .
if you've messaged us, we make sure we get back to every message as soon as possible. we really apologize for the delays as we've never handled this volume of messages before we're trying to diligently make sure every backer that's messaged us is 100% taken care of. thank you all so much! =)
hey guys, we're sincerely sorry about the delays in southeast asia and australia. we've worked really really hard to make sure we delivered a quality product. we delivered over 7000 units by january. nearly 50% of the product on time and 20+ countries received their ecoqubes by january. as of last week, there were only a few dozen ecoqubes left at our singapore distributor's warehouse. again, we can guarantee you all will get your ecoqubes =) we know no matter what we do now, it's impossible to fix the bad decision we made to partner with a distributor that doesn't care about our backers. luckily, we have a friend there making sure all the units are being shipped out but we still don't have tracking information on the packages. once we receive tracking information, we would be more than happy to provide all of you that still haven't received your ecoqubes a refund. we did our best to be open and share with you all everything we overcame to deliver these ecoqubes and what is exactly causing the delays in the last ~50 ecoqubes to be delivered. if you haven't read it yet, it's a sincere letter from myself and the team here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1471944 for the few of you that haven't received your ecoqubes yet, we really appreciate your patience and going through this process with us. we're going to make sure you're 100% taken care of. we promise.
still nothing here in sydney even though i was advised all australian orders would be shipped by early march. very disappointed and frustrated.
seems they gave everyone the slip. they aren't replying to my messages either.
just another aussie awaiting delivery! phil.
hi there, i am from australia have backed yr project & ordered 2 eco cubes but have not received it yet. any updates on it?? regards dhaval
i posted a comment on their facebook - lets see how fast that gets deleted
@creator - i gotta chime in and add to others sentiments here; it is entirely inappropriate of you to be bringing your next project to kickstarter while you are still so far behind, and have so much to do on your current (or, i guess, last, now?) project.  it is even worse that you would have the balls to post a message here on this board asking for support for another project.  you haven't had the wherewithal to be properly staffed to be able to provide any halfway decent level of customer service to support your current ecoqube c - or even follow it all the way through to the end of fulfillment - and now you come to this board where everyone seems to be dissatisfied and calling for more communication & better response from you and you ask us to pledge $ for a new project? that's pretty messed up! and on top of that, if you are really committing to starting a brand new project, how can we believe that you are going to be around to *any* energy/time/focus at all into supporting the ecoqube c? you couldn't do it before so how can you possibly do it with another new crowdfunding project underway?  smacks of irresponsibility and a complete lack of honoring your customers & supporters. i'm not one of the folks who never received their ecoqube (though i am upset that practically all of my livestock were dead when they arrived at my house and i haven't heard anything back from you about any replacement or refund), so i'm not out on the war-path - in fact, overall i'm pretty happy with it. however, given this comment board, and some others around the internet, along with your lack of response to *anything* i've sent you for information, you're announcement of the next big adi project already, while there are still so many unacceptable open ends left on your previous project makes me steaming mad! @supporters - don't get me wrong, i understand everyone's frustrations. not getting your rewards sucks more than anything -- and can be a pretty compelling reason not to back kickstarter campaigns, *but...* you have to keep in mind that you are not actually buying anything by pledging on ks. you are supporting someone's company/cause and in exchange they are going to offer you a gift. they are not technically or legally obligated to fulfill that gift. you may certainly ask for a refund, but you don't get to demand anything, that's how crowdfunding/ks backing works. it's a gamble. a gamble that fulfillment will happen, that quality will be up to snuff, that all the things will fall into place. usually it works, sometimes it doesn't.  if you are unwilling to take the risk that a backed reward might not arrive in the time or condition which you expect (or maybe even might never arrive at all!), then kickstarter is not the platform for you, you should go ahead and wait to order products retail, where the contract btw you & the seller is more of a set-in-stone, binding kind of deal. that's said, i do think we all may need to start spreading around some comments on the ecoqube air boards though, warning people of the fulfillment issues, lack of any customer service/support, and the fact that all of this is still open & unresolved yet here they are launching something new and basically saying "f you" to the current supporters. i want very much to be able to seriously consider the air - it looks like it could he a great product - but i can't, in good conscience, offer any more support to adi while this keeps going on like this here!  your supporters on the ecoqube c need to be your priority *before* you leave us in the dust and turn your focus toward some new endeavor.
yet another australian with no delivery - paid for extras as well - so feeling rather out of pocket and getting very annoyed like others ... would appreciate a response.
wow, suddenly you're not available to comment. given the stupid updates we have to sit through, you telling me you don't have anything to say now? typical. not surprised either. i want my money. hurry up.
like others here, i want a refund. enough is enough and i am not willing to wait any longer.
the ecoqube air does look awesome though!
hey! :) i can’t tell you how incredibly grateful we are for you to get the ecoqube c to where it is today. would you mind continuing to support the ecoqube c campaign until the very end here? http://bit.ly/1aj2342 i am looking forward to staying in touch! huge thanks! kevin, eric and team adi so easy to talk. what bullshit. supported you long enough, trusted you enough. give me my refund! kickstarter has been notified of your blatant lies. if you can't deliver on promises or assurances, why make them? i work too hard to give lip-service giving idiots like you my money. be respectful and considerate? did it for a year. even sent messages privately so you don't get humiliated here.
screw this project. screw your lies.
why does my status say 'collected' why are you lying? i want my refund. i'm not going to stop.
another aussie - victoria, no sign of delivery.
still have not received my eco cubes in west australia - any updates?
still waiting for my delivery in thailand.  a refund option would be a nice touch.  even considering this is kickstarter, this is pretty bad.  would be nice to know the details about what happened in a concise update.  its pretty annoying hearing about your new products and how to enjoy the current product, without even an acknowledgement that were still waiting
@tsveta koleva "what happens if your only plant dies?" i know this was a hypothetical question, but i just wanted to share my experience. i had three plants growing, but all of them died. so i bought a potted basil in the grocery store, and removed a big plant from the pot. it has been thriving for the last month and seem to be perfectly healthy. so that's a viable backup plan.
was told, in this forum, all shipments from singapore by the 18th march.  it is now after cob on the 18th march in singapore and nothing.  worst kickstarter ever.  regreting this and perhaps i am with everyone else - time for a refund!
@maximilian i don't believe so. right now i have four growing happily together. it is try #2, both times with 5. first batch - sponge melted, second batch in sea sponge one died early. what happens if your only plant dies? unless it's a heavily planted tank to begin with, the future is very grim. this way you have backup. on a later stage you can have die-off because of cramped conditions, but most probably the strongest plant will survive.
the only thing i want to hear from you is how you plan on refunding the money i worked hard for and trusted you with.
i don't want your ecoqube or any other crap you're selling. i don't want to hear anymore stories of how hard you're working. great ways to use the tank or any other crap. i've been understanding in the past. didn't even bring this up in the last 4 months even if it's been a year and a half? as far as i'm considered, you've stolen my money and i want it back.
yeah after more than a year, 3 complaints and 3 forgivings, i don't really care anymore. i demand a refund...today. enough of your fake promises that don't mean anything. i couldn't care less anymore. i'm not waiting anymore. i want my money back. today.
hey guys. my eqc is now installed for 2.5 weeks. i put all the basil seeds in the sponge and now i have 6! 1" basil plants?! do i have to remove 5 of them? thanks for your help
we can guarantee you all will get your ecoqubes =) we're proud of the 7000 ecoqubes that have been delivered. even some of the largest campaigns in crowdfunding history aren't able to deliver the product at all. it's quite a complex process with many things out of our control. we spent a lot of time and effort jotting down our thoughts and perspective listing out exactly what happened in an elaborate letter. you can see what happened here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1471944
hey everyone, thank you all for being so patient with us throughout this process. we have shipped out over 7000 units and we promise you will all receive what we promised no matter what happens. we would arrange for units to be shipped from the us if we could. we really do understand your frustration and it's been extremely tough for us as well. luckily we've had an extremely gracious friend in singapore that's helped us throughout this process. we've been notified they only have a few dozen ecoqubes (out of nearly 1000) left in their warehouse and we are receiving messages from dozens of backers in the region letting us know they're receiving their packages as well. we're currently working on gathering the tracking information from the fulfillment partner freshnmarine. while we've provided refunds to the few that have requested refunds, we do not have tracking info yet for australia, nzl and southeast asia and it's likely your packages have already been shipped and will arrive in 2-3 weeks.
yep i am the same. no package no communication. refund!
also don't have yet in nzl also prefer a refund this is bloody ridiculous
i still haven't received mine either (australia). i think the organisers have had more than enough time to fulfil their part of the agreement and i would like to know how to get a refund.
hi.. still not got mine..
from malaysia. still waiting of mine ecoqube  :(
@nicole yes, the easy-therm should fit in with the suction cups. i hadn't done it because i was concerned that maybe the heater isn't supposed to touch the sides/bottom of the tank. is it ok to just drop it in there without the suction cups, and let it rest on the side or bottom as it may? will it harm (or, melt) the acrylic?  i wasn't sure, so haven't tried it.  maybe it's a ridiculous concert - how hot can the heaters actually get, right?  anyone know about this? is it ok to just remove the suction-cup-saddle thingy and drop the heater itself into the ecoqube compartment? or do i need to invest in something i can secure without making contact with the plastic of the tank?
from sg, finally got my ecoqube yesterday evening. yet to test.
not impressed - i am not going to ring the shipper to get my product.  i am however, very unlikely ever to do a kickstarter again from this organisation!  still waiting and no shipment advice.  not impressed at all!
"hey everyone, this is evan with adi. i want to give you an update as to what is happening in singapore with the shipments. i received an update from our team member there (who works for free), he helps us with certain things and stays in contact with the shipper as much as possible. he told me on monday that he believes australian orders have been shipped out since he helped fill out all of the lengthy customs forms for the shipper the week before (to help expedite this process). he then said the shipper is now trying to complete all shipments by friday, march 18th. what was my response to this? he told us the same thing one month ago so why should i believe him now. to be honest, i really hope he finishes them before then because i, as much as all of you, am extremely frustrated that someone we were confident in to complete this job 3 months ago, and told us this would not be a problem, is still requiring us to pay for such poor service. to continue- once we receive word that all shipments were sent out, we are hoping we will also get access to the tracking numbers for all of the packages so we can sort out any issues with those who have not received them. but we also do not know for sure if he will be able to provide them to us as promised (i do not believe anything this shipper says anymore). we can guarantee you that you will receive your ecoqube no matter what. and we can guarentee you that we will never associate ourselves with this shipper anymore, our team member there is already looking for another solution in singapore for future endeavors. please know that adi cares very much about each and every one of our backers. before we did this campaign the ecoqube was just a dream for us, and thanks to all of you we were able to make it a reality. we are not a big company. at the start of the campaign, the team was made up of 3 people, since the campaign was a success, we have brought on new team members ( i started in september of 2015). we currently have 10 team members, only 3 of them working full time though due to financial limits. we are all dedicated to making sure each and every one of you has the best experience possible with the ecoqube c, and we always welcome comments on how we can improve on that. the entire team at adi wants to thank everyone for their patience while we resolve this shipping nightmare in south east asia. we hope you know this was never our intention and if we had the financial capabilities to do so, we would have flown out there and physically shipped the product ourselves to make sure you got it earlier. but we did not have the resources to make this happen.  we do not know why some of you in singapore do not have your orders yet, we were told these would be done first. please feel free to contact the shippers store and inquire with them, this is there phone number: +65 84822670 the company is called ocean sing. sincerely,  evan purcell  team adi" madness, shocking, terrible. this isn't your first kickstarter, so there's no excuse for the lateness, lack of information or general shoddyness of your help here. making reference to how you've got people "working for free" trying to get information out?!?! either pay them! or hire someone! what kind of company ships a bunch of their product to singapore and then seemingly has no way of getting information about them?   asking us to contact the company you hired to ship the products is b*lls**t.   find this information out and then let people know. it's that easy and if you cant, you spend some of the money we backers gave you, you fly to singapore and you sort it out yourself. you don't come on here, with your rambling long excuse as to why we've had zero information updates in weeks if not months. my god you raised nearly $400,000 on this site and this is the level of service you're now dishing out? this isnt your first kickstarter, the project was a success in as much as you got your money and made the products. now follow it up with some half decent customer service.
good news that australian shipments are out. are you planning to supply all your australian backers with their tracking numbers ??? would be great to know when they are arriving.
ridiculous customer service, no care factor for taking people's money and not delivering a product. i don't care how many orders you got, taking almost a year is simply ridiculous no other word for it. biggest regret backing this campaign. taken my hard earned money and not provided the product i paid for. i agree with others, if you aren't bothered to ship internationally don't offer it.
so i sms'd freshnmarine and asked if they had the ecoqube instock. they replied they did, afterwhich i advised them i was a kickstarter backer and would like mine shipped. no reply since that. seems like a dodgy distributor and adi should take some kind of legal stance to get things moving imo.
thank you for posting instructions on how to fix the broken pump but can you post pictures or do a video? i have no clue what you are talking about. i can't even find the hex screw. i don't want to make things worse. there was a lot of crap underneath where the pod was. please post pictures along with your worded instructions
what's going on with canadian shipments? i am still waiting for my 2 ecoqube's and i am still awaiting a response from my previous comment and email.  your customer service is worse than cell phone carriers!
i am in indonesia, still have not my 2 ecoqube. please infos?
i got 2 cubes in the mail last week, from ideaspatcher, france. so far the fish is happy enough, product is ok, bit smaller than expected, but certainly build quality equal to what i paid for it. not high end, but pretty good. pump is the best, so quiet! and the basil started sprouting after a few days! i ignored the 3 week settlement advice, just rinsed the tank a few times, filled it up, put the fish in, planted the basil, and its been pottering for a week now. after 3 days or so the basil started sprouting, and the fish is still alive! :-) i also got an automatic feeder. cant really see how that should be used with the tank, might be useful for when i go away, but otherwise not. so happy enough, not my most spectacular kickstarter, but certainly not the worst.
any update on australian backers delivery schedules? still hoping my order will arrive sometime soon...
@mattg: what are your water parameters?  sounds like you may have too much ammonia or nitrates/nitrites.
two snails have died.  wtf.  this product is pissing me off as a father having to tell daughter the tank is to blame
@josh another canadian backer here for 4 units as well. i got told earlier today that the units are at the fulfillment center and should be shipped next week / week after and that we will get emailed tracking numbers when they do.
hey its evan again, i made a mistake about the singapore shipper. it is actually a company called freshnmarine not ocean sing. for those in singapore that wish to contact them since you should have received it already, here is the contact information: telephone: • main line @ mini shop: (65) 6547 1575 (during operational hours) • sms/watsapp: (65) 9665 9868 address: • blk 82 macpherson lane #01-17. singapore 360082 email address: • sales@freshnmarine.com.sg
solidarity update for fellow canadian backers: i ordered 4. still haven't received them or any tracking information for them.
hey everyone, this is evan with adi. i want to give you an update as to what is happening in singapore with the shipments. i received an update from our team member there (who works for free), he helps us with certain things and stays in contact with the shipper as much as possible. he told me on monday that he believes australian orders have been shipped out since he helped fill out all of the lengthy customs forms for the shipper the week before (to help expedite this process). he then said the shipper is now trying to complete all shipments by friday, march 18th. what was my response to this? he told us the same thing one month ago so why should i believe him now. to be honest, i really hope he finishes them before then because i, as much as all of you, am extremely frustrated that someone we were confident in to complete this job 3 months ago, and told us this would not be a problem, is still requiring us to pay for such poor service. to continue- once we receive word that all shipments were sent out, we are hoping we will also get access to the tracking numbers for all of the packages so we can sort out any issues with those who have not received them. but we also do not know for sure if he will be able to provide them to us as promised (i do not believe anything this shipper says anymore). we can guarantee you that you will receive your ecoqube no matter what. and we can guarentee you that we will never associate ourselves with this shipper anymore, our team member there is already looking for another solution in singapore for future endeavors. please know that adi cares very much about each and every one of our backers. before we did this campaign the ecoqube was just a dream for us, and thanks to all of you we were able to make it a reality. we are not a big company. at the start of the campaign, the team was made up of 3 people, since the campaign was a success, we have brought on new team members ( i started in september of 2015). we currently have 10 team members, only 3 of them working full time though due to financial limits. we are all dedicated to making sure each and every one of you has the best experience possible with the ecoqube c, and we always welcome comments on how we can improve on that. the entire team at adi wants to thank everyone for their patience while we resolve this shipping nightmare in south east asia. we hope you know this was never our intention and if we had the financial capabilities to do so, we would have flown out there and physically shipped the product ourselves to make sure you got it earlier. but we did not have the resources to make this happen. we do not know why some of you in singapore do not have your orders yet, we were told these would be done first. please feel free to contact the shippers store and inquire with them, this is there phone number: +65 84822670 the company is called ocean sing. sincerely, evan purcell team adi
i have not yet received!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! give me my 70$ back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
in australia - have not yet received. if you do not value international customers just offer the product locally next time. our money exchanges for usd though - no problems taking that, hey?
i still havnt received my order - please contact and advise what is going on  - toni
ignore my post about not receiving product.  i am dumb and never filled out the backerkit survey.  can't ship it if they don't know where to ship it. #mybad
same with me-  @rush  " omg!!!! it's been so long time and i have not received any eqc, nor any communication from you yet!!!!!!!!! seriously, what happening here!?"
dov - the cobalt aquatics neo-therm 25 watt [http://smile.amazon.com/cobalt-aquatics-31000-neo-therm-heater/dp/b008aghh8y/] is fitting in my ecoqube okay.  without the suction cups.  it's a tight fit, but i can still lift it up and down without too much force.  i did have to break off some of the notch where the cord goes out the back because the cord is so fat and could not fit in the notch as-is, but not a big deal there.  on the neo-therm, the plastic clip with the suction cups very easily slides on and off the heater - is that not the case with the easy-therm??
omg!!!! it's been so long time and i have not received any eqc, nor any communication from you yet!!!!!!!!! seriously, what happening here!?
hi guys, six weeks since your last update saying how you were going to keep in communication, and hopefully have everything sent out within the month for sea backers. but i haven't received my ecoqube, nor have i heard anything more about it. nine months now since the project was funded, four since fulfillment was begun. not particularly impressed.
christmas present.. too late for that, birthday present too late for that too....still waiting... can i get a refund please?
vip backer here. haven't received my eco cube, wondering whats up.
it's really great that you are posting things to resolve issues for people who have received their ecoqubes. how about some updates or posts resolving the issue of not even having received the ecoqube???  one would think, being that we all pledged the same amount, and made your creation a reality, the issue of non-delivery for a lot of people would be a priority over a bloody sponge melting.  get your act together!!!! give us an honest and accurate timeline for when we can actually expect to receive our ecoqubes - if at all...
it's now one full month after chinese new year, and still no ecoqube in singapore. of the 53 projects i've backed on ks, this is the worst one i've ever experienced in terms of delivery. shipment in singapore since november 2015, and your courier cannot deliver within this tiny island of 700 sq km. and to make things worse, you asked for such high fees for delivery. i am willing to wait some more, but i will have you know the only way i will ever patronize your merchandise after this is if you refund the delivery charge. not that i believe you will.
@imran, thank you.
@adam  check out this update in case you missed it: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1471944
hi creator, pls reply my message, where is my ecoqube c? please reply with the delivery status... thank you
any news on my cube this is ridiculous
the white spongy media literally melted into mush.  who do i contact to get a replacement?
helpful videos: unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
instructions to fix a pump that has slowed or stop working: 1) remove black top cover to expose what is under the plant 2) find hex nut internal to the back compartment that is behind the water nozzle in the tank 3) remove nut from back of nozzle 4) remove nozzle 5) unplug, then pull assembly of uv filter and pump up from back of case 6) check pump for blockage of input side (algae, etc.) i used a new toothbrush and cleaned the circular intakes on the pump 7) check tubing from pump to nozzle outlet - i used a couple pipe cleaners and made mine spic and span (there was build up of crud in them) 8) replace and power up all the things
still nothing regarding my broken pump. my fish and plant thanks you
i've got some so much problems with it :  - the led above the plant is flickering (i'm not using thunder mode)  - the aquarium top (the acrylic part with the hole) has bent and the glass cover no longer seal  - the white sponge has shrunk and the basil was drowned  - and i've discovered that bottom is leaking ... worst back ever ...
i am still waiting for my 2 ecoqube's, where are they? nick ontario, canada
hi, any suggestion how to fix the automatic feeder add on to the ecoqube in a way that i can still have the cover? i do not want the water to evaporate below the pump level when i use the automatic feeder while away on holidays.
if "fresh n marine" is indeed the distributor for asia, it looks like they are selling the ecoqube c http://freshnmarine.com.sg/estore/product_info.php… i tried to call to see if they had any in stock but no one answered.
so, has anyone found a heater - *with a thermostat* - that actually fits into the ecoqube?
@lamoras as with everything else the creator is weird about the pdf as well. i complained here that it was missing and even though they keep saying they don't read here i suddenly got a message with a link. it's stupid and shady to not just post an update to everybody but they do all communication that way  here is the link  https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0582/1449/files/ecoqube_activity_book_advanced.pdf…
i would not fix the pump myself because i don't want to lose warranty on it.  send a mail about the broken pump on sunday and no answer till now. thats not how you build a good company.
same here still no qube even though i'm from sg.
yet another week almost gone by and still no qube (kiwi from nz) i ordered 2, and now i'm thinking that was 2 too many. could have fabricated my own by now.
pictures world be better as to how to remove the pump by the creators. otherwise no, i am not buying another aquarium. that doesn't correct the problem. i am getting upset at the creators as its now a couple days since i emailed them and no response. come up with a solution or send me another tank!
@tanarak. i had trouble when the water level was low. i have my fishes pushed by it with the water level ti the rim.
anyone has problem with the water flow too strong?? my betta always go to stuck at the place where water get the pump in any recommend???
hi thanks. finally got my ecoqube 3 weeks ago. got really excited about the ecoqube. set it up. place plant medium in net pot, added  rocks and live plant into aquarium, and left it for 3 weeks. my plant is about an inch tall now so i bought 2 cherry barb fishes, that grow up to 5 cm long, today. still waiting for 1 magnet cleaner 7-001-00-66 and the science project kit pdf 1-100 not included in the shipment as per stated in the slip.
@ miachael - it's a little bit of a process. first take off the top black cover on the back. then on the back side of the outlet spout that goes into the tank pull out the tube. on the back of that outlet spout there is a plastic nut which holds on the outlet spout and also blocks the pump from just lifting out. i couldn't wiggle the pump around it so i temporarily took it off. you can then lift the tube which is attached to the pump out. you will have to feed the power cord up as you lift it out. once you get it out, on the back of the pump where the water is pulled in, the back just pulls off. then there is another kind of circular piece that holds the impeller in place and that also just pulls off. then you can get at the impeller. once cleaned just go in reverse order to get it back together. before putting it all back together though i would put the pump in a pot of water and test it. that way if the pump is bad you don't have to through more hassle putting it back together only to find out then.
@andrew burt - how did you remove your pump?
i got a customsnote, with sender ideaspatcher, france. is that for ecocube?
@me : get a new aquarium, i did it. i really like my betta and don't want him to die. now he has a 30l aquarium and is very happy. if i get a new pump i will use the eco qube for shrimps.
my pump is broke, ok this could happen. i sent an email on sunday and no response until now. this should not happen. in the eco qube there are living animals which could die if the water does not get filtrated. your support should at least prioritize these requests. there is a big differenz between people waiting for there delivery and people how have living animals in there qube that might die while waiting for response.  this is not love for nature.
this is getting ridiculous! i pledged on this in may 2015 with an expected delivery of november - it's now march 2016! i demand a refund.
we're into march now and still no sight of the order.  are we never ever getting any updates on this?
for those whose pumps have died have you tried removing and cleaning the pump? i know mine got plugged when my plant medium dissolved into gooey slime. my pump stopped working. i removed it and it was clogged with what i assume is the plant medium slime. i cleaned it out and it works fine now.
yes i submitted a email to support. nothing there or here. in the mean time my second fish looks like it might die
@karsten topp i remember posting links to the pdf files here and on aquariumenthusiast.com in the ecoqube c group. sorry but i don't have access nor remember the direct links right now. on my blackberry... you should easily find them on the site above or in comments below. @aim p you should be able to move the plant over. hopefully it'll settle down and re root itself. if not unfortunately you'll have no choice but to start fresh. good luck.
@karsten - if you read through recent comments, both questions are answered... the 7-hr function works as follows: with the lights on, push and hold the timer button until the lights flash. you've now set that moment to be the time they will come on every day. 7 hours from then, will be the time they turn off every day. the timer is, however a bit poorly calibrated, so you'll notice that it slides a few minutes every day. so, if you use the timer regularly (i'm only going to be using it when i'm away for a weekend, or going into a super busy week where my sleep schedule night change drastically), then you'll have to reset it every so often to keep it turning on/off at actually around the same time every day. regarding the pdf, i agree entirely that adi should've actually sent them to us like they said, but they didn't. someone did, however, post a link to the worksheets. in fact, i believe several people have. i don't have the url handy, but scroll back through the last week or two of comments and you'll find it!
oh, and btw where's the promised pdf??
anyone have an idea, how the ominous "7hr" function works? if the light is off, the 7hr button doesn't switch it on. if the light is on, the 7hr button doesn't switch it off after 7hrs. it just stays on.
my plant medion melted few weeks ago. i replaced it with a natural smponge. my problem now is that the led stopped working 2 days ago. i didn't get ani answer from adi til now. i think that we bought a great idea with a very poor quality :(
so today, i notice my white plant medium is shrinking so i checked it and it's now having these black greenish slime. the plants seems to be still doing fine, but the water has been getting slightly murky. i'm reading here and found people suggesting getting a sea sponge, so i want to know if i can transport the plant from the white medium to the sea sponge without harming it or do i have to plant a whole new plant entirely?
the pump of my ecoqube does not work anymore :(
ecoqube pump just died r.i.p. my red cherry shrimp. i feel so guilty that i put them in there  :( time to go back to the fluval...
still have not received mine. in singapore.
i am having similar issues. the sponge holding the basil has malted in both my tanks and now one of the pumps is almost dead after 2-3 weeks of use. disappointing
so i thought i was safe with the white plant medium as it survived the first two months no problem with disintegrating. well today i just noticed my 4" basil plant flopped over on the side. i pulled out the tray and lo and behold my white plant medium is now just a gooey slime. guess i'll hafta get that sea sponge after all.
non working pump here as well, along with 3 dead snails and 3 dead shrimp - no response from emails to support
i received my qube last weekend (germany). but a question at the very beginning before i go on a shopping spree in the pet shop: uses someone of you the automatic feeder? which model do you take? and if so, where did you plac this as inconspicuously as possible?
still waiting for my qubes to arrive... and you said singapore were sending out 50 a day weeks ago
same here, pump does not work anymore. my betta and the snails are still alive. i will buy another nano aquarium because i really like my betta. i hope to get a replacement for the eco qube. have u written a mail to the support ?
guess that still doesn't answer my question about what to do with my none working pump now. no water flow. nothing. water in tank becoming stagnant. not more than a month and a half and its broken?!
hey, so an update... things are going ok, but of course some setbacks.  as i mentioned before, all but one shrimp died in shipping and 1 of the snails didn't make it either.  the anubias also didn't love the shipping i think, one of them was in very bad shape on arrival and rotted away completely within about 36 hrs of going into the tank, and the second one was ok for about 5 days then rotted, too (yes, i was very careful not to bury or damage the rhisome). the 3rd anubias nana plant is thriving beautifully and has even grown about 1-2 new leaves and shoots out some new roots every week (funny, too, cuz it's the one whose roots i did bury a little in the sand). the moss balls are fine, and so is phil, the betta fish. i wasn't having any of the putrifaction of the plant medium that some people have reported (black goo?!?), but it was clearly melting away a bit, especially where submerged under water. my basil however has been sprouting just fine, and so i didn't think the plant medium was an issue, since, although it is melting away some, the bulk of it is still there and seemed pretty solid. that is, until recently... i went ahead and ordered the 25-watt easy-therm heater (https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b00kco1dgo/ref=yo_ii_img…), as suggested by @toriless, but unfortunately it doesn't fit. well, technically it does, but only the heat stick, and not the part that attaches with the suction cups. the little bracket they come on makes the unit too wide to sit inside the ecoqube. so remove that once from the list! has anyone found a heater *with a thermostat* that will actually fit? i'm not into the "always on" ones... also, when i removed the black plastic lid on the back of the tank to (try to) install the heater, the act of picking the thing up, which also picks up the basket with the basil plant & plant medium, caused pretty much all the was left of the sponge (which i hadn't realized was disintegrating) to just disappear and now my poor basil is hanging on until i get some sponges (went ahead and ordered the marthastewart ones that adi has suggested).  but also, i discovered that there is a huge mass of goop -- kind of like jelly -- that has grown/accumulated on the underside of the plant basket and is hanging out/growing inside the opaque/black part of the tank (you know, under the plant, between the filter and the output nozzle pumping back into the tank. is this a problem? is it also maybe why i've started to get some algae in the tank (both on the rock mountain, and on the sides of the tank) starting to appear?  when i get the new sponges and try to save the basil sprouts, should i remove the goop? also, should i try to take out all of the remaining white plant medium stuff, or just add the sea sponge to what is already there so as not to traumatized the roots more than necessary? probably better to get it all out and clean, huh? and also (i know, this comment just gets longer, and longer...), i'm pretty sure my last snail is either dying or just died.  he has been very active, zooming all over the tank from pretty shortly after i added him a few weeks ago, until he spent about 36 hours barely moving (i've read this is normal). then, i found him upside down, on the gravel. he didn't have a smell, and the trap door was closed, so i flipped him back over and placed him in a precise spot to see if he moved. next day, he had not gone anywhere, but turned himself around so i knew he wasn't dead yet. after another day of not moving, i started to get concerned and worried if he is dead about leaving him in the tank (don't need those extra nitrates & ammonia from a rotting snail corpse!), so i moved him into a glass full of water from the tank to watch. his door is shut, he doesn't smell, but no movement at all... thinking i should probably just say adieu, huh?  anyone know more about nerite snails? i do know thy are very sensitive to water conditions... i've been testing the water weekly, and doing 25% - 40% water changes about every 10 days. temp is fairly consistent, only swings about 2° over any 24hr period, ph is steady, no spikes in nitrates/nitrites, but ammonia does steadily build over the week (usually gets to about 20ppm between changes, once climbed to about 35, but only once). otherwise, as i mentioned, phil the betta is thriving and seems very happy, and so does the one shrimp who survived shipping - he's molted twice and is considerably bigger than when he arrived. i'd like to get him some friends though (and also, now that there are no snails and he's the only shrimp, there's algae appearing!) i also need more plants, since only one anubias survived and phil really likes playing/hiding in it. what's your favorite source for healthy/hearty plants (maybe just more anubias, maybe something different)? i'm in new york city if that helps anyone. not sure if any of this is useful for anyone else, and i certainly would love to hear anyone's thoughts in response. i'd like a heater that will fit (or maybe i can rig something up to be able to install the one i bought already, listed above), i'd also like to replace the snails & get some more shrimp friends for the one i've got, but i am concerned that all the other snails died, so maybe my tank isn't stable enough to support them happily? oh, and one more item... anyone have a good resource/review for some more rock (or wood) formations that would be small enough to add to the ecoqube without making it too crowded/cluttered, but would also provide a "cave" or other sort of hiding spot for phil? i've found a bunch of ceramic based stuff both online, and in my local petsmart, but they all have paint which reviews say comes off in the water. i also really like the natural look of the rock mountain i got from adi and want to keep it to natural materials if possible. thanks for any thoughts about any of this - this community is so helpful!
me - more like indirectly because the lack of movement could not pass the water the the first stage bacteria biofilter which convert ammonia (fish urine) and nitrite (fish solid excrement) to nitrate and then the nitrate consuming plant and not any movement issue.  some fish like calm water even more the moving water.  shrimp like still water and often just sit in one spot but they also move around once a while.  my shrimp seems most active in the morning.  snails are more active in the dark except trap door snails vary their activity level a lot but not because of lighting like most snails which are more nocturnally active. lanfear - if you can get duckweed if should help clear up the source of that.  it could easily be a bacteria and is probably not a form of algae but both feed on nutrient in the water.  just about nothing else is nota as effective long term like duck weed.  since it is an emergent plant it is very effective and since it us floating on the surface it mostly filters the surface of the water unlike most other plants.  the are good for fountains too since unlike many plants (eg. water lilies) they do well with a lot of current or just a little current.  most pond / fountain plants like slow currents only. depends - a year or two is often the case with snails but some breeds live longer.  snails are much more sensitive to bad water conditions and is it the most likely cause given the short time frame but you also may not have done the usual half hour acclimation process and stressed it.  you put the bag in water for 15 minutes then add in some tank water and wait another 15-20 minutes before putting any animal into a tank. not doing so could easily stress any aquatic animal.  also, some fish only one or two years as well (platy fish for example) since they are select for breeding numbers not longevity like wild ones would be but a sae can easily live 10 years.  it my favorite fish besides koi.  active, helpful at algae control, smart (for a fish brain) and not over bred so still healthy. i have several aquariums and a pond so i been down just about any road people here i like to encounter although i only had a newly introduced fish die once and when i took it back to the store they did confirm it had a deformity that could not have just happened in a few days so they replaced it. as far as dying fish goes it will be worse later on as you have gotten to know them and if you have had fish for over a year or whatever it is more like loosing a minor pet then a plant dying or something with less impact which is more what it feels like if a new fish dies.  oh well, try again.  it will not be as easy when you have had it year and/or even named it.  my favorite sae is nicknamed monkey because of the way he moves about in the tank with all its plants, etc.  i'll miss him in another ten years or whatever when he is no longer around even though i have other sae too that are younger that are almost as fun to watch and should have more time left then him.
and now a fish is dead. probably because there's no circulation
i think my pump died. what's my options now. so disappointing after only two months
three more months and it will be a year since i expecting the ecoqube that are not yet arrive until now..
i think one of mine died this week and i have two left.  i have no idea why it died.
how long are the snails supposed to live? all 3 of mine died after just a week or 2.
adi does not respond to comments on here as there is no way to notify you. please contact us via email or through the messages on kickstarter. thanks! we are working on getting a list of what has shipped from singapore for that region, they should be 90% done by now. please scroll through the comments to find answers to your questions or visit our faq page here: http://adiventures.net/pages/faq international backers: replace your white sponge with a sea sponge or hydroponic grow plug please to ensure proper growth of the basil.
my plants medium were white (actually i ordered 3) two were frozen since the post dropped the boxed in snow and one is survived! are you any plan to replacing it with black?
yet another week passes still no qube... in nzl
still no word, it's been months since i've heard anything. no idea where my order is.
hi, i didn't received anything yet (south america). any news? thanks!
had some makeup removing sea sponge tampons lying around. the new basil is growing like crazy. on the other hand, there are a ton of long flowing algae, getting longer and longer...
thailand on feb 23, 2016, still have not received anything including response from the seller.
by any chances, can u check if my shipment is in 85% of your singapore shipment? it's been 3 months already and i've got none even the product, nor your response.
@angel it doesn't come with the sand or soil unless you bought it as an add-on with backer-kit. but you can use anything that is safe for aquariums; it doesn't necessarily have to be the stuff they sell, though i bought their origin sand for convenience. just think of the ecoqube as generally a regular aquarium set up, albeit a lot smaller. so i would be careful and stick with stuff like shrimp. many would say that even a betta is pushing it, especially if you have a lot of stuff in your tank that will displace the already small volume of water.
i had the biofilm/oil slick on the surface of my aquarium and wasn't able to get rid of it, so yesterday i threw caution to the wind and did a massive water change and moved plants & aquarium decoration around while cleaning up. i saw 5 of my 6 shrimp swimming around a little excitedly afterwards but now i'm away on a business trip for 2 days so who knows what is happening. send good vibes for my shrimp darlings :-)
i was at fresh n marine @ macpherson yesterday. the guys delivering the ecoqube in sg. he's apparently been swamped with delivering the ecoqube and hopes to complete all deliveries very soon. i'm still yet to receive mine (he didn't have stock in his store). anyways i've bought stuff from them previously and they have always been pretty decent, so i'm giving him the benefit of doubt and waiting patiently for my delivery.
what is the timeframe to hit 100%? sg backer here and still no ecoqube. how hard is it to shipped to a local address despite the fact that the shipping company is based in sg? it has been close to a month since the delay and no attempt to resolve it but keep telling us to wait, this is very very disappointing!
shipping from singapore is 85% completed. we sincerely apologize for these delays! (for: australia, new zealand, india, south east asia, middle east) your package may have been shipped already, we just do not have access to tracking numbers yet. we thank you all for your extreme patience!
it's been working great but for some reason my betta thinks the filter (protruding part) is another betta. i think he's crazy!
in texas, still haven't got mine
hi, i received my ecoqube a month or so ago, but we were just able to start setting it up, but i'm a little confused. is the ecoqube supposed to come with the origin sand (or the soil)? we received neither in our package, so i want to see if this is correct. if it is correct, can we just use the little colored pebbles from our local pet store or do we specifically need the sand or the soil in order for the ecoqube to work as intended? thanks!
update on my basil problem. so all three of my basil sprouts died, but alt least the white plant medium stayed strong. bought some potted basil in the store, removed a big plant from there. washed of the roots and cut open the white medium and planted the new big basil in there.  the plant seemed to survive the project. it's going strong. i have a red onion nerite snail, and it's surprisingly fun to watch. he's also doing an amazing job cleaning up the tank.
still waitingggggggggg for mine in oz too.........any updates?
still waiting for mine in oz :(......... how much longer
noob apologies.  deleted the album.  take two!  http://imgur.com/a/e54zr
my plant medium was black goo, so i got the sponges recommended in the jan 22 update.  i carefully took as much goo off the root area, cut the sponge a bit so i could stick the plants in the middle, and put it back where it goes.  they seem to be doing fine.  http://imgur.com/a/ipqvd
i want to hear from anyone who had their white plant medium turn to black goo. what did you do and how is it working now.
i want to hear from anyone who had their white plant medium turn to black goo. what did you do and how is it working now.
i want to hear from anyone who had their white plant medium turn to black goo. what did you do and how is it working now.
how to install a heater in the ecoqube c: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
check out these new videos, they should help a lot.  unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
why is my basil not growing/what is wrong with my white sponge? we have been notified by several of you regarding the white plant media disintegrating under certain conditions. we initially sourced the white plant medium to replace the brown plant medium ( which contains organic tree bark) so that the ecoqube can easily pass through different countries’ customs regulations. here’s more resources for all the international backers out there! http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/17567223-international-backers. the white plant medium was tested in our ecoqubes for several months but we do not yet know what conditions are causing the white plant medium to melt. the white plant medium is not harmful to the ecosystem and can be easily replaced by natural ocean sponge which can be found easily online at very affordable prices. we advise against using media like rockwool because harmful mold can easily grow on rockwool and other plant medium that stay too wet over time. here’s an example of the natural sea sponge we recommend: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4…
shipping from singapore is 85% completed. we sincerely apologize for these delays!
i received the cube about a month and a half ago. it set up fairly well, and because of the size i run it as a cherry shrimp tank. the one issue i have is that the ecocube team knew in advance that they had issues with the plant medium. when i messaged back regarding this, they notified me that the cost to replace the medium would be too high to ship to canada. i think this is very poor customer service. they have made no effort to right this issue. as of now it does not run as any kind of hydroponics system. because of the failed plant medium, it can not. therefore as a nano aquarium i would rate this as a 3.5 out of 5. as a hydroponics system a 0 out of 5. when the product you create fails to implement your ideal, and you don't try to right the wrong, it is unacceptable. they must be a new company, but will soon learn that customer service is just as important as your product.
it has been 3 months since the ecoqube was shipped to the rest of the world and still here in india... nothing!! as mentioned by you in your message dated jan 15th "singapore/australia/india and south east asia region: the units have been in singapore since december" please fix this issue and ship to india asap!!!
very sad to know that the company has no clue about when the shipping would happen. i have got larger stuff from unknown companies from hongkong, china faster then this to india. singapore should be much much faster. i really don't know what to say when a creator says "please do not ask us for tracking numbers, as we do not have them, or exact delivery times. once we are told everything has been shipped, we can begin inquiries into missing orders."  i understand things have gone wrong for you also but i think we have been more then patient with all delays that have happened for whatever reason.
also in australia, no notification. come on guys, fix this. don't keep blaming your shipper, it's your fault for not sorting it out. it's not how people act when things are going well that define them, it's what they do when it goes wrong. you're not solving the problem, you're shirking responsibility.
i have got two eco qubes and in one of them the medium melted within a week, in the other one it still seems to be holding, given my experience i have a theory about the plant medium. in the qube in which the medium melted the sponge was submerged in water as the water was all the way till the top with no air between the lid and the qube itself.  in the qube which hast he medium still holding the sponge has some breathing room and is not submerged in water. i know this may sound odd but i think the difference is being submerged in water.  the only other difference between the two is that the one where the medium melted has more surrounding light than the one which is still fine.  so it could be either light or submersion or both that cause the rot.
australia - still no evidence of cube, shipping information or anything else.  really not happy with aqua design innovations and about to get on facebook, twitter and everywhere else i can to voice my disapproval.  i can understand shipping delays but, no contact except for "buy more" email.  seriously disappointed.
same here no cube no information about when or if i will receive it ....
what kind of seed can we use once the basal one you sent us die out?
spong is gone, and most of the plant is gone too, whatever left is barely alive.... =(   once the plant is gone, fish might start to die then?
wonder how hard it is to post a box?
nz, still no qube. thought i would have received by the end of this week. if not received by end of next week you can shove your qube up your you know what and i want a refund. no tracking and no visibility into your shipping partner is a bloody joke.
nothing heard as well, from singapore. disappointed...
australia, 2 cube. still not received any shipping info and receive a lot of spam mail from creator. couple last week they mentioned all shipment to au should be ship by 15 feb, now they said they unable to confirm it yet. they just said it just like none of their business, and blame everything on the shipper. not happy at all.
australia, no tracking number, no eco cube. feeling sad :(
this was my first and will probably be my last kickstarter, very disappointing
no any sign of cube, thailand
still waiting for my ecoqube c, kuala lumpur, malayaia.
australia here, still no tracking numbers
where or how do i request a replacement for my white sand?
i ordered 4 ecoqubes and still haven't received them, or any shipping notifications. location: australia.
do i need to request the alternate to the white sponge or are you doing that automatically?
i thought my cube must've gone missing, but sounds like it hasn't even left the warehouse in singapre!
australian here, still no sign of the cube
still don't have the yellow plant sponge. what's happening?
no ecocube received here in singapore as well
in singapore and have not received mine yet.
@imran thanks i'll have a look. right now my 6 shrimp and 2 antler snails seem to do fine but i have a bio/oil film since about a week that worries me. is there a way to get the pump outlet to be above the water level so it disturbs the surface more?
@imran thanks i'll have a look. right now my 6 shrimp and 2 antler snails seem to do fine but i have a bio/oil film since about a week that worries me. is there a way to get the pump outlet to be above the water level so it disturbs the surface more?
@lanfear and @james these are the only ones i know of (http://aquariumenthusiast.com/groups/ecoqube-c-5): advanced: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0582/1449/files/ecoqube_activity_book_advanced.pdf intermediate: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0582/1449/files/ecoqube_activity_book_intermediate.pdf beginners: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0582/1449/files/ecoqube_activity_book_beginner.pdf
here in singapore, 18th feb, and still no ecoqube.
one month into my project and sponge is now falling apart. on the lookout for a natural sponge and some seeds. both easy to find in uk, just have to find a little time when shops are open to buy. only snails in my tank at the mo so no big issues, just need to wait a little longer before getting a fish.
@tsveta koleva - my timer was 15 minutes early.  i waited 10 minutes and pressed the 7 button and it reset itself.  now it goes on 5 minutes earlier.  yes their time is pretty bad at keeping time and needs occasional resetting.  unlike most other complaints i can confirm this one.
singapore/south east asia/new zealand/australia/ middle east singapore based shipping center should be done with shipping any day now( they told us in early february they would be completed by the 15th, but we have not been able to confirm this yet. he was shipping about 50 units a day.  the delay was caused by the holidays, then moving warehouses after that. we sincerely hope he is going to meet these deadlines finally, and everyone can enjoy their ecoqubes!  please do not ask us for tracking numbers, as we do not have them, or exact delivery times. once we are told everything has been shipped, we can begin inquiries into missing orders.  we thank everyone for their understanding and patience in this matter, as we are upset as well with the outcome. we will not be using this distributor in the future, that is for sure. -team adi
i still havent gotten mine yet..whats the hold up?
the timer is off nearly a minute a day. five minutes early today. come on, cheap mechanical chinese alarmclocks are more precise!
change out the adaptor and it is fine now. process of elimination:)
fishes alive and kicking. sponge left half its original size. basil barely survive. crap!
@jack r. taylor yang - mine only does funny flashing while changing into moonlight mode which i just tried but it is now back too cloudy mode.  my pump has worked for a month and half so far.  the plant is still only a couple of inches tall but the shrimp is ok.  i still have 0 nitrates and 0 ammonia so the ecoqube c seems to be working so far. @matthew martin - go to the adi web site.  the monitor e-mail there regularly but rarely visit here nor do that deal with individual issues via kickstarter.  contact adi via their web site or wait forever.
@tara saha:  no, everyone has not gotten theirs.  they're still being distributed.
wait..the pump is dead too!!
has everyone gotten theirs yet? mine hasn't come.
anyone had problem with the led lights. only day 4 of setting in up but lights are flashing when tried to turn it on
@lanfear, good point, where's the pdf??? still don't have my unit yet...
i'm in texas and i still don't have mine.
also weren't we supposed to get a science pdf? i'm still super disappointed by the limited amount of documentation that adi provides. set up video that doesn't even get the cube wet? maintenance video that isn't of the current version of the product? what a joke.
does anybody have any tips on how / if the pump can be cleaned? i feel like the flow is slower than in the beginning.
how to install a heater in the ecoqube c: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
check out these new videos, they should help a lot.  unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
how exactly does the automatic timer function work? the automatic timer feature will turn on the white, led grow lights for 7 hours, once a day.to activate the automatic timer, press and hold on the timer button (the clock with a 7 in it) for 3-10 seconds. if you have the inline controller, a small, blue indicator led will light up just above the button when the timer is active. if you have the remote control, the leds on the light panel will blink once to indicate that the timer is now active. the timer is set to turn on at exactly the time you activate it, so if you activate the timer at 7:00 am, your lights will turn on from 7:00 am to 2:00 pm every day. note: if the timer is active, the remote/inline controller will not work for other functions, you need to disable the timer by repeating the same process to turn them on, or unplug the light, plug it back in.
why is my basil not growing/what is wrong with my white sponge? we have been notified by several of you regarding the white plant media disintegrating under certain conditions. we initially sourced the white plant medium to replace the brown plant medium ( which contains organic tree bark) so that the ecoqube can easily pass through different countries’ customs regulations. here’s more resources for all the international backers out there! http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/17567223-international-backers. the white plant medium was tested in our ecoqubes for several months but we do not yet know what conditions are causing the white plant medium to melt. the white plant medium is not harmful to the ecosystem and can be easily replaced by natural ocean sponge which can be found easily online at very affordable prices. we advise against using media like rockwool because harmful mold can easily grow on rockwool and other plant medium that stay too wet over time. here’s an example of the natural sea sponge we recommend: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4…
r.i.p., sponge and basil.
i messaged the creators regarding the poor condition my "live" plants showed up in. my moss ball was in pieces and the anubias plants were wilted and brown. no response 2 weeks later. with the delays in getting everything, the poor sponge medium, and the failure to keep basil plants alive, this was a huge waste of money.
@aim p are you able to get additional water parameters? stuff like ammonia/nitrites/nitrates? i'm suspecting that it could be due to the water that is causing distress to your betta. is the water treated with conditioner?
i'm in nz still haven't received mine, however based on others posts in similar regions i'm expecting it by the end of this week. if not received by early next week then i'll start getting concerned
@singapore backers if all ecoqubes have been shipped by the distributor, it is likely with fresh 'n' marine as they are the ones delivering the unit to me. perhaps you can contact them to check on your delivery. they are only able to deliver after office hours on weekdays and saturday afternoons. this is likely what is causing the delay.
sg backer here and still have not received it. please help to check.
can you provide any update for singapore backers ? any delivery information ?
@jonny: pick up a water test kit such as this one. https://www.amazon.com/dp/b000255nci/ref=cm_sw_r_sms_awd_xhmqwbjqbvc7b#
@toriless so how does one go about monitoring nitrate levels?
still waiting for my ecocube to come. hi adi do you have any updates for philippine shipping? it's been months already..
@toriless - i've been told by different people to do macaroon ii or kanaplex, so i don't which one is better and how are they different. @wong kee wee - i had a moss ball and another type of water plant. the moss ball started to turn brownish so i took those out and put it in another glass bowl. the water is getting foggy and the sponge was very dirty at the bottom. i don't know if the sponge is not cleaning right or the cause of the foggy water was from it.
@aim p - that looks really bad. what else is in your tank? you can consider getting your betta out and placing him in a "hospital" tank while you figure out what's wrong with the tank
@aim p - as you know it is cause by a bacteria but there are both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and each need different treatment.  i would try maracyn ii (amazon.com) first since it is more likely and  gram-negative bacteria are the most serious.  i has worked for me in the past. @jonny - it was probably a spike in nitrates and sudden shift in ph that killed the fish. @mattg - not here, shrimp still ok although bored without a mountain stone to crawl over.
all three fish died in the qube that had a dissolving white sponge. i'm hoping it wasn't toxic. so no basil, no fish and will have to start again. the power supply also failed after day one (luckily i could source another). i can understand early teething issues. my daughter isn't so forgiving!
i've got some celestial pearl danios and one cherry shrimp, but i keep counting the fish and it seems one has disappeared.  nitrate levels are higher now too (15ppm where it used to be between 0 and 5).  could the fish have been sucked in the filter?  is it dead and decomposing somewhere and i just can't find it?  did the other guys eat it?
hi, was wondering if they are still being shipped cause i still havent gotten mine, along with tracking or so? plus stamped fragile? i ask cause i have crazy mailmans that tosses packages over the 7ft fence we have and i wouldnt want it to get damaged.
so for the past two weeks, my beta fish has gotten a fin rot and i don't know what caused it initially. i've done salt bath and used betafix, but none of them seem to work. its fin is rotting away everyday. now, my tank is starting to get foggy and i found blackish dust or something on my mini cup decoration. i checked the water and found the ph has shot up to 8. i checked the sponge and found it turning darkish brown. http://orig15.deviantart.net/f70b/f/2016/043/3/c/untitled_by_scorpius02-d9rh87y.jpg my beta looked like this when i first got him. http://orig00.deviantart.net/481f/f/2016/036/5/f/fishlore_icon_by_scorpius02-d9qmuyf.png now he's like this. http://orig06.deviantart.net/a0a1/f/2016/043/e/b/untitled_by_scorpius02-d9rh862.png i've asked several people from petstore workers to people on the internet, trying to help me cure him, but his condition is getting worse by the day. i've had to change the water daily, which i thought i didn't need to do for this tank.
singapore backer here. my ecoqube finally arrived last night. awesome!
so now 5 weeks with fish now and i was shocked to see the clear tank water go cloudy overnight.  my nitrate and nitrite levels have shot up too. have others seen this? and what should i do?
why is my basil not growing/what is wrong with my white sponge? we have been notified by several of you regarding the white plant media disintegrating under certain conditions. we initially sourced the white plant medium to replace the brown plant medium ( which contains organic tree bark) so that the ecoqube can easily pass through different countries’ customs regulations. here’s more resources for all the international backers out there! http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/17567223-international-backers. the white plant medium was tested in our ecoqubes for several months but we do not yet know what conditions are causing the white plant medium to melt. the white plant medium is not harmful to the ecosystem and can be easily replaced by natural ocean sponge which can be found easily online at very affordable prices. we advise against using media like rockwool because harmful mold can easily grow on rockwool and other plant medium that stay too wet over time. here’s an example of the natural sea sponge we recommend: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4…
hi  i got the qube, but the charge do not work and the light was broken...
@toriless: scratch this heater off your recommendation list. it does not fit. http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00kco1dgo/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pc_ns_ttl…
i used tap water wit prime and added stability every other day for week and done nothing since.  it now a month and half.  the basil is still only about 2 1/4 inches but growing.  i probably need to add another shrimp so it can grow faster.
"the remote/inline controller will not work for other functions" - not completely true.  you can only use them when the time is on.  i just waited until mine was on and hit the cloudy button.  now it will turn on in cloudy mode from 8am - 3pm without me doing anything,  i like the constantly slightly shifting light of that mode.  it keeps the whites fully on and slowly shifts the colored leds around.
james - even 5 gallon would give people a much greater variety of fish to select from compare to 1.5 gallons.  adding 2 inches (9x9x9) would get it over 3 gallons, 3 (10x10x10 ) would yield 4, (11x11x11) 5.5 gallons, (12x12x12) 7.48 gallons or maybe 12x12x10h would be about 6 gallons but still not too high.  most of the design could be the same. i suspect i is shape as it is to make production easier since all the side use the same piece unlike the original model.  one really could have fish in such tanks without it not being desktop size.
michael maeda - i tried to warn you.  never mix fish and shrimp.  either the fish will eat the shrimp or the shrimp will crawl over the sleeping fish and upset them.  that's why i went with shrimp since i already have a fish tank and shrimp need less space.  although my yellow one does swim around quite a bit but mostly in the morning.  snails are ok but not fish.  personally, if i wanted a snail in my ecoqube c i'd get an assassin snail.  they have small bioloads and eat a variety of foods like shrimp and consume pest snails and algae.  i have them in my coffee table tank since it is such a pain to change it's water and clean.
adi does not respond to comments on here. please send a message if you would like an answer to something directly :) you can find many updates by reading our posts in these comments or reading the updates we have sent out.
damn betta ate my shrimp!!! grrrrr!!!!
@james & wei huang:  the original qube was larger.  they still sell it.  have you looked at their website?
hi creator, i'm located in australia, should i be concerned that i haven't received my cube yet?
@wei, i agree a larger qube maybe 2x2x2 feet with a series of plants along the back would be cool. even if it had to be supplemented by a small mechanical filter that had an extension cord with a small solar panel on the end to keep with the eco theme :-)
any plans to design a bigger tank like a 5 to 10 gallon, i'd love to use your product for tetras =)
@alien cat: the sponge turning dark is caused by the beneficial bacteria that also live in the filter, so it's actually a good sign, as long as the sponge isn't devoured by them (which was very probably the case with the white medium).
malcolm. to take out pump you need to remove top black cover once off look where the nozzle enters the tank this is a threaded piece and will unscrew to allow you to remove nozzle from the return hose. once apart. pull on the return hose until the pump comes up with it. don't pull on electrical cord. once out you can remove the little intake cover that hides the impeller and clean all of these pieces. i also remove the return hose and squeeze out all the funk that's in it
no fish yet.  should i be worried?
how exactly does the automatic timer function work? the automatic timer feature will turn on the white, led grow lights for 7 hours, once a day.to activate the automatic timer, press and hold on the timer button (the clock with a 7 in it) for 3-10 seconds. if you have the inline controller, a small, blue indicator led will light up just above the button when the timer is active. if you have the remote control, the leds on the light panel will blink once to indicate that the timer is now active. the timer is set to turn on at exactly the time you activate it, so if you activate the timer at 7:00 am, your lights will turn on from 7:00 am to 2:00 pm every day. note: if the timer is active, the remote/inline controller will not work for other functions, you need to disable the timer by repeating the same process to turn them on, or unplug the light, plug it back in.
yep my plant medium (white one) has gone. i pulled out the cradle today to have a look and all the dissolved 'gunk' that i disturbed in the compartment has now been blown out the pump nozzle and my tank is a cloudy mess with lots of bits on the surface that the fish are trying to eat :(
@tiffany that sounds pretty likely. i should probably buy some seeds as well. at least my plant medium hasn't dissolved yet.
@germx:  you also might kill the new basil plant that way.  i think the shock from the sudden change in ecosystem might be too much for it.
hi adi can you give any kind of estimation when my ecocube will be shipped? you have addressed delays in south-east asia, middle east and australia, but i haven't heard anything about europe. i'm in switzerland, and i've not seen anyhting from a delivery company, received a tracking number, nothing. many tnanks mark
@michael maeda well i was thinking of washing the roots first ofc. but i'm not sure i would get it to cling on to something else that easy. i can get some new seeds, but i'm not sure why the first one died so...
@ alien cat: where did you source the water to fill your tank? sounds like you have some sort of contamination.
so, i think i am having issues with my sea sponge getting the black coloration as the white medium, and it looks like it might be melting.
check out these new videos, they should help a lot. unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
how to install a heater in the ecoqube c: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
plant medium in the past several weeks, we’ve been notified by several of you regarding the white plant media disintegrating under certain conditions. we initially sourced the white plant medium to replace the brown plant medium ( which contains organic tree bark) so that the ecoqube can easily pass through different countries’ customs regulations. here’s more resources for all the international backers out there! http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/17567223-international-backers the white plant medium was tested in our ecoqubes for several months but we do not yet know what conditions are causing the white plant medium to melt. the white plant medium is not harmful to the ecosystem and can be easily replaced by natural ocean sponge which can be found easily online at very affordable prices. we advise against using media like rockwool because harmful mold can easily grow on rockwool and other plant medium that stay too wet over time. here’s an example of the natural sea sponge we recommend: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4…
@germx: the only problem i see if you bought a potted plant, is all of the soil would slip through plant basket, clogging your filter/pump and make your water dirty.
as i am not in the us, no plant medium was included in the package. what medium should i use for the plant? i am wondering how to fit the medium in without it dissolving into the water. please help.
and the third and last basil plant is officially dead as a doornail... could i buy a full grown potted basil in the store and just plant that there? :p
@toriless: thanks for the heater update. i'm liking that cobalt aquatics.
re: unheated tanks, my tanks range for the past 10 days has been in the range of from 71.6 to 75 degrees which is fine for the shrimp i have in it.  this is with no heater at all.
if you need a cooler temperature heater then cobalt aquatics has 25 watt heater that has a settable target temperature.  "http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00kco1dgo/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pc_ns_ttl…".  it is smaller then their neo-therm heater.
if money is no object the finnex might fit as well but it a lot more powerful then you would need.  "http://www.amazon.com/finnex-controller-aquarium-titanium-20-gallon/dp/b00354qo9y/ref=sr_1_9…".
i've posted several options that would work but basically you need about 5 or 10 watts to heat a tank this small.  it the smallest size made and are usually used in 2 - 3 gallon nano tanks.  the marina c10 is actually too big but the cobalt miniterms fit.  5 watts - "http://www.amazon.com/cobalt-aquatics-31020-mini-therm-heater/dp/b0090i7rc2/ref=sr_1_6…"  10 watts - "http://www.amazon.com/cobalt-aquatics-31021-mini-therm-heater/dp/b0090i7tdo/ref=sr_1_5…" as well as the aqueon mimni heater "http://www.amazon.com/aqueon-heater-mini-10w/dp/b00hp13li0/ref=sr_1_32…". you can also use a heater under the substrate in which case you would want the one 7.5 watt from hydor.  "http://www.amazon.com/hydor-slim-heater-bettas-aquariums/dp/b006jvq65m/ref=sr_1_4…".  i would get the round version.
@dov. you need to turn off the timer. hold the clock button and wait till you see the lights blink. then you will be able to use all the other lighting modes freely. if that doesn't work, yes you can disconnect the power and it should reset the lights.  and yes, unfortunately if you turn off the timer, it will kill your current time cycle.  meaning the 7 hrs will begin at the next time you activate the timer.
@michael thanks. you're really helpful on this board! now, if only anyone can figure out how to help me turn the lights back on after the timer turns them off -- i want more than 7 hours!  do i just need to unplug/reconnect them from power and hope they essentially reboot?
@michael thanks. you're really helpful on this board! now, if only anyone can figure out how to help me turn the lights back on after the timer turns them off -- i want more than 7 hours!  do i just need to unplug/reconnect them from power and hope they essentially reboot?
@michael maeda at first, i was giving them quite a lot, and they grew fine. then i started using the timer. i thought 7 hours sounded a bit short, but what do i know. have been giving them more light again now, but to no avail.
@dov: get a small heater such as this 10-watt one. it's preset at 78 degrees http://www.amazon.com/marina-c10-compact-heater-10-watt/dp/b003tlwwoo
ok, one more, here... can anyone tell me about the heater i should buy/use for my ecoqube?  i found the heater in the add-on's section of the adi site (here: http://adiventures.net/collections/add-ons/products/aquarium-heater), but i want my fish to be comfy and don't want to wait for shipping.  there is no information about the heater at all on the adi site. i know that i want something small (it's only 1.5 gals volume!), and with a built in thermostat so i know it will turn off when it hits the right temp.  also, what temp should that be?  i know the betta likes from 75 - 80 degrees f, but am pretty sure i saw somewhere that the plants, and shrimp/snails don't like it quite as hot... what's the happy medium here, am i looking to keep my ecoqube at like 76 degrees?  what do you think? any other factors i should be considering? or suggestions you may have as to what heater i should purchase? thanks again, everyone, for your help here!  it's so easy to obsess over my ecoqube, and especially, the comfort/happiness of my guys living in there!!
hey - i'm still hoping for a little help with the remote... if i turn on the 7-hr timer, then later in the the evening, after it had turned itself off for the night, if i am sitting in the living room and want to turn on the moonlight setting so i can enjoy my ecoqube, i cannot get any buttons on the remote control to work. it's like if it's off, it's off and there's nothing i can do. is this right? it's only in the morning if i use the remote it will turn on the lights. in fact i'm not even sure whether the timer is turning the lights on automatically or not (or maybe it's not coming on because i've pushed buttons the night before to try and get moonlight mode going). anyone else having similar issues/experience and can offer some advice? thanks
i set up my tank about a month ago. of all the seeds only one looked like it had a chance. came back to my classroom after the weekend to find everything in the sponge looking dead and decayed. did i wait to long to get a fish? what am i supposed to do now? am i able to put more seeds in or do i need new sponge?
received my ecoqube-c in singapore. is my uv led sterilizer pre-installed? unable to check via the installation instruction here :  http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/18141295-uv-sterilizer-installation-instructions considering its from 2014 i guess it was for the prior version. aka how do i know if i have a uv led in my package or not? also its the chinese new year celebration in singapore... so no luck contacting your supplier. please advice.
@germx: how much light are you giving your basil?
out of my 3 basil sprouts, 2 have died. only one left, and it's not looking very happy. i haven't got any fish in yet... is there anything i should do for the basil?
@ adam yeoman:  don't forget, you're purchasing from kickstarter and not a store. as someone with experience bringing a concept/design  to market, i understand there are delays and hiccups along the way especially when you're  relying on contractors and suppliers to meet your schedules and expectations and they don't.  i know it's frustrating to have to wait, but to put things into perspective i think i've backed about 20 kickstarter projects. only 3 have delivered on time.  so yes you may have to wait a little longer, but the positive thing about kickstarter that i think draws many of us back is that you get to see and eventually receive innovative products before anyone else at a fraction of price.
this is getting ridiculous, 9 months? seriously? any excitement that i once had is well and truly gone. let this be a lesson to me, no more kickstarter projects for me.
300 units have been shipped for local singapore orders. we just spoke the with singapore distributor who is shipping the units to that region from singapore. he says that all singapore shipments will be shipped by end of this week, and all units for australia, india, nz, south east asia and parts of the middle east will be completed by the 15th of february. he is shipping about 50 units a day.  the delay was caused by the holidays, then moving warehouses after that. we sincerely hope he is going to meet these deadlines finally, and everyone can enjoy their ecoqubes!  please do not ask us for tracking numbers, as we do not have them, or exact delivery times. once we are told everything has been shipped, we can begin inquiries into missing orders.  we thank everyone for their understanding and patience in this matter, as we are upset as well with the outcome. we will not be using this distributor in the future, that is for sure.
hey guys, just received my ecoqube c yesterday. the box did not contain the heater i requested as an add-on, when can i expect this? it's a bit cold of an evening here in mexico city. i also requested the uv steriliser, i read that this is included with the c cube but i can't find it. also where can i download the science project kit? i really want to get my 7 year old son involved in the setting up and care of the unit, so he can learn all about aquaponics.
brandon barrera, my pump is not working, could you tell me how you managed to take out your pump please.
many thanks michael maeda, can i replace my existing pump, or if i get another pump can it fit into my ecoqube. or would it be possible to take out my existing pump and clean it, mabe that is all i need to do if it is possible. malcolm jacks. thanks again.
sg backer here and still haven't receive ecoqube.
i haven't had any shipping info yet?
plant medium in the past several weeks, we’ve been notified by several of you regarding the white plant media disintegrating under certain conditions. we initially sourced the white plant medium to replace the brown plant medium ( which contains organic tree bark) so that the ecoqube can easily pass through different countries’ customs regulations. here’s more resources for all the international backers out there! http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/17567223-international-backers the white plant medium was tested in our ecoqubes for several months but we do not yet know what conditions are causing the white plant medium to melt. the white plant medium is not harmful to the ecosystem and can be easily replaced by natural ocean sponge which can be found easily online at very affordable prices. we advise against using media like rockwool because harmful mold can easily grow on rockwool and other plant medium that stay too wet over time. here’s an example of the natural sea sponge we recommend: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4…
check out these new videos, they should help a lot. unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
best plants for beginners: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/71598531-best-aquarium-plants-for-beginners
how to install a heater in the ecoqube c: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
how to properly feed your fish: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57937539-fish-are-friends-not-food
i have to take the pump out and clean monthly because the sponge is too porous to catch much.  i've since replaced the provided sponge with some rolled up filter floss and the pump is staying much cleaner. my basil plant is finally starting to grow more as well
@kyzza: contact adi directly. you'll likely get a quicker response.
so..  my white sponge has black all over it looks like its degrading and moldy...   i'd like a new sponge please.
@imran:  i probably won't be doing any other fish-keeping endeavors.  i decided on the qube because it was supposed to be virtually maintenance-free, and i do not have time to properly maintain an aquarium.  from the sound of it, i may end up not putting fish in this one and just leaving the snail that came with my first anubias.  my tank is not planted right now, because my anubias all died. . @toriless:  sounds like this is going to be a lot more work than i expected.  not sure i have the time. =/  i don't want to put fish through it if the tank can't handle itself, honestly.  i guess my impression was mistaken.  should have done my research first. . thank you both for the info.  i'm glad i realized before putting fish in that this was going to be a bit beyond my capabilities.
@dov: you received nerite snails and amano shrimp. the snails can go days without moving so don't worry, other times the top around nonstop. be careful not to overfeed your betta. only feed what he can eat in 10 seconds. as far as the shrimp, there is no need to feed them. they just scavenge what they can find off the ground and plants.
@ malcolm jacks: that sounds like you have an awful lot of animals in that tiny tank. do you have a water test kit? you probably have a lot of bio-load from all the waste. and since your pump is inoperable, your good bacteria on your bio filter is no longer getting oxygen and likely have died off compounding the matter. i would transfer all your livestock to a larger tank or at least get a replacement pump and do frequent water changes. good luck.
i received my livestock package on wednesday and i think my betta ate the shrimp. there were 3 shrimp when i put everything in the tank. when i woke up yesterday i could only find two of them and when i checked a few times throughout the day i still only saw two. then when i got up this morning there was only one and now that one is missing too. i assumed that since they were sold together the shrimp and betta would be fine in the same tank
@michael maeda - thanks for the reassurance.  that's what they told me over on the betta section at reddit, too.  i think i was just being a paranoid, overanxious new pet owner (never had a betta, and last aquarium i owned was as a teenager back in the mid-90's). @everyone - i would like some more shrimp, though - the one who survived shipping is *awesome*!  can anyone tell me what kind of shrimp & snails they were that adi sends out in the livestock pack? and (sorry to pepper everyone with all these ?'s), two of the snails zip all over the ecoqube, but one hasn't moved from his spot the bottom of rock mountain in about 18 hrs, should i be worried? and should i be doing anything to make sure the snails/shrimp have enough food?  i have little pellets to feed the betta, do they just eat leftovers?  the shrimp seems to be always picking away at little microbes in the moss balls, is that all he needs? thanks for your help.
hi iv had my ecoqube set up and running for about a month now, with 2 guppies, one golden and one blue, they get on great together, in the beginning i put in 3 neon tetras, they were a little intimidated by the guppies at first, but now have settled down more, also i have i red prawn and one blue prawn, my only concern now is that my pump has ceased working and im worried that this will affect the system and fish. please advise, malcolm jacks.
@andrew burt mine goes to white + something like one-third or half of every color...
hi folks thanks for the info. i was also thinking that this tank really is too small for anything. i wouldn't like to be cooped up in a tank room the size of my living room. so i think i will be getting a bigger tank very soon. i know the idea of nano tanks is that they can go on your desk but i think they really are to small to be humane. @ james no i haven't got an ammonia test kit but i will get one and for the immediate future i will do water changes weekly as a temporary measure. i've seen several videos on youtube where people have set up aquaponic systems on much larger tanks, they can look very nice and the fish look happy. i think that's the way to go. i will keep the nano cubes for the tiny shrimp or i may sell them on ebay. i can't really legally use thgem here in austria.
so, has anyone gotten satisfaction from then sending replacement parts of something stops working? my remote has completely stopped working altogether, even with a new battery.
so i have my cube set up. it has been on for almost a month i think, with the basil in. i've since then added a bunch of plants and decoration. i have 3 basil sprouts coming along. however, they look a bit dry, and aren't growing much. i haven't added fish yet.  do i need something to fertilize the basil? or should i just wait more and add fish when they get a bit bigger?
has anyone who got the wireless remote figured out how to get the memory button to actually memorize? i get to the lighting i like, i hold down a memory button for a few seconds, the leds blink. if i press that button again later it just goes to bright white leds. i've unplugged it, pulled the battery in the remote, i've tried multiple memory buttons. nothing seems to work!
@dov: that is not ich on your fish. that's just apart of his natural colors.
hi got livestock today and put them in. so far so good. wonder where is step by step maintenance instruction for aquarium newbie.  how much adi food i need to feed? one for every day or the otehr day? or per week? how to maintain water? do i need to replace water regularly? do i need to add few drop conditioner daily or weekly basis? please advise proper way to keep them live :) thanks in advance
ok, quick follow-up... i found your (@creator's) post here from 1/27 with the links to the extra videos, and will say that you sort of helped with my remote question, but gave me nothing i couldn't figure out on my own. i get that it's fun for us people to have different colors & settings, but what about my fish/plants? i want to keep them as happy as possible.  are there recommended settings?  especially, night-time; should i keep it on "moonlight" while i'm around, and then just turn it off when i leave/go to bed?  and if so, will it come back on automatically with the timer  the next morning? and one more question, do you have a suggested method for changing the water once/week?  which is also confusing -- you advertise as not needing to change the water, but it says a few places that you do, and i certainly would.  maybe you could do a little video of changing the water? thanks!
hi! so, my ecoqube came right before i was headed out of town for almost 3 weeks.  since i knew i'd be away, i didn't set it up yet.  of course, the day i got back, my livestock arrived - whoops! i was worried about killing the betta by adding him to the tank before proper cycling, but a quick consultation with the guy in the aquarium dept at the local pet smart (or petco, or whatever it is) said it would be better for me to just make sure the water is properly conditioned and add the fish to the tank, rather than keep him anywhere else -- i was clearly unprepared. so, i added my livestock, and will keep a close eye.  fingers crossed! really, why i'm writing though, is to say that of the 4 shrimp included, 3 of them were dead when the box arrived! :( the 1 that survived seems to be thriving (he's darting all over, playing with the moss balls, and stuff!), and all three snails are fine.  the betta seems to be ok, too, if not a bit stressed from being in a box (although i am concerned he arrived with ich -- i've taken a few pictures and will visit the aquarium place again to show them, i've also posted one here, so you guys can let me know what you think: http://imgur.com/a/t9jf7). so, adi, are you going to send me more shrimp?  i mean come on, 3 out 4 arrived dead... also, has anyone ever resolved the remote control question?  why is there no guide/manual/video/anything on the remote?  all there is are instructions for the inline controller, which those of us who got the upgrade with the remote don't even have.  the only thing i understand is the 7-hour timer.  otherwise, tell me more about the buttons, and how they might affect the happiness of my fish.  and am i supposed to put the moonlight mode on at night? or just turn the lights off? so far, i absolutely love the ecoqube, but really hate how little info/help you guys provide/have made available...  if you're not going to give us readily available info, then don't expect us to stick with the product after the novelty phase wears off!
@simon also neons are group fish so you not only give them super little space but also prevent them from living with a bigger group like they should. they will survive somehow probably but it's not nice for them. i plan to put some shrimp in on the weekend. i bought 3 snails last week but one never really moved much since i brought it home so i might be a snail killer. the other two are speeding around the aquarium though so i'm not a complete failure
@simon, even that's a fairly heavy bio load for a small tank. do you have test kits to check ammonia etc? do regular water changes you maybe ok
hi guys. received my 2 x ecocube c tanks a few weeks ago and we set the tanks up with plants and started growing the basil. today the basil had reached about an inch tall so we went to buy some fish to put in the tank. we decided to start with we would just put in a couple of tiny neons as it's not a big tank. i should mention that i live in austria and the guy in the pet store refused to sell us fish because austrian and german law states that a tank has to be at least  24" x 12" x 12" (13 gallons) and anything smaller is illegal because it's deemed cruel to the fish. he did sell us a couple of tiny crayfish for one of the tanks and a couple of striped prawns for the other tank. in the end i went to another store and bought 4 of the smallest neons and put 2 in each tank and we hope they survive. so in one tank we have 2 tine crayfish and 2 neons and in the other tank we have 2 tiny prawns and 2 neons. is that ok? if we have over done it then we may have to go and buy a bigger tank.
@paul: when i think about it larger would probably be better for the danios. stick with the betta and shrimp. that's what i have and everything is working out fantastic.
@michael i was think a betta or shrimp. i looked up the celestial pearl danios, are they better suited in a bigger tank?
hi. haven't received my ecocubes yet even though i am a backer. i'm not sure if they have released yet or something happened but any help is appreciated.
receiving livestock on a thursday, won't be able to introduce them to ecoqube until monday. can i keep the fish in the container it came in and feed it for the time being?
in sg and still not got mine yet..
sg backer, got my tank last week, basil growing well. cny is coming and i'm thinking of getting a feeder since i will be away from office. due to the construction of the tank, which feeder should i buy? the adi feeder doesn't seems fit for the tank.
i didn't receive a plant medium. how should i contact you guys to request one?
hey i haven't received my ecocube yet even though i am a backer. i'm not sure if they have released yet or something happened but any help is appreciated.
@ paul: a betta, shrimp, or celestial pearl danios.
i have yet to place any livestock into my tank (even though it has been ready for a bit now). not sure what to put into it. any ideas/suggestions for me?
@brian, they go well with garlic, lightly fried
just got my livestock today, but one of my 3 shrimp was dead.
i agree, do not use rock wool.  get a cheap sea sponge and cut out a piece since it is there only to secure the roots in the water.  personally, my sponge is fine and the basil is about 2 inches tall and the water is clear.
specifically, ff the fish are not excited about eating something is wrong.  healthy fish like to eat. that's why i would not get a zebra striped danio since they love to swim around instead of celestial pearl danio which would be a lot more content in a nano tank.  i went with shrimp since they do not require a heated tank and love marimo moss balls which is like cooler tanks.
slightly confused over melting sponges... as mine is melting and the basil seeds are swimming underwater. the update suggests not using rockwool due to bacterial complications? yes the faq under maintenance (see http://adiventures.net/pages/faq) it still states "for our international backers, we recommend using rockwool or a sponge to germinate seeds". so rockwool or no rockwool?? adi maybe change the faq?
it would shed beta and water flow is too strong. beta is weak is strong water flow. is there any way to weaken it to the mild?
@tiffany fordyce if the water/tank looks clean and fish don't look stressed. keep doing what your doing. but my own opinion (had to get that out of the way) states that any aquarium even a fish bowl requires regular maintenance. there is no such thing as a maintenance free aquarium. along with water changes, some other stuff you should look into routinely is cleaning the gravel (do you have a planted tank?) and of course the filter should be cleaned. water will have to topped up. you can check out this link for info on 'good bacteria':  http://www.fishchannel.com/fish-health/healthy-aquariums/dont-destroy-helpful-bacteria.aspx it's rather obvious but your daily routine should include checking the all equipment to see if it's functioning properly and keeping an eye on the fish especially during feeding as certain behavioral changes will highlight a potential problem or illness. good luck with your ecoqube and hopefully other future fish keeping endeavours :) you can always google any questions or concerns you may have and mention 'nano aquarium' in your search query for a more precise response.
@toriless i was talking about nano aquariums in general!  i clearly mentioned overstocking and how exactly am i over simplifying bioload? if you actually read the comments you can see people having issues with the water not being clear, so what do you want them to do? leave it as it is..... hey i'm always open to leaning new things so be my guest and comment away. but i'm pretty sure i'm not the one creating confusion.  have a great day.
@imran - you are complete wrong about the ecoqube c not cycling!!!  it has large black biofilter in the back right corner!!!  i spent the first week loading it with bacteria using flaked fish food.  when properly populated the tank is like any other tank which is why i have been constantly advising others to not put too many fish or the wrong type of fish in.  with two shrimp you can change it monthly.  with 4 shrimp you will have to change it every few days.  bioload is very important.  it is not as simple as you falsely claim.  i have 1 shrimp.  if i never add any more i could go months without water changes since my biofilter has cycled a month and my basil is two inches tall and growing.  the shrimp and about 1 inch long and yellow.  i also have 3 marimo moss balls filter the water too.  if my tank had 2 inch betta fish i'd be changing it every few days.  you are greatly over simplifying this issues and creating confusion rather then creating clarity.
@tiffany fordyce - water testing supplies, as mentioned.  do not test more then weekly unless you get some bad results.  regarding ammonia, free ammonia is more important then total ammonia.  you should always a very small amount of total ammonia if you have fish, not so much for shrimp, but free ammonia should be 0.  the api kits do not test for free ammonia and are pretty useless.  use the seachem free ammonia test kit instead.  the api nitrite test is cheap an work fine for that.  it should always be 0.  if it is not then your tank is not cycled yet and not ready for animals since the black biofilter sponge does not have enough bacteria in it yet.  the bacteria are the same and any freshwater aquarium the start the cycle and the basil then takes to nitrate output from the bacteria and consume it.  normally, nitrates build up thus requiring water changes.  the basil removes it thus reducing or possible eliminating it.  in theory you should not need to change it to remove nitrates but in practice it really just mean you can go much longer between water changes.  without the basil you would be changing weekly instead of monthly.  you will need a hose with a filter on th end to avoid sucking out fish or shrimp and bucket.  i use a cheap home depot 5 gallon bucket to empty any of my tanks.  i a clear graduated one to fill tanks.  clean water bucket and dirty water bucket.  you should also change only 20-30% of the water at a time, even if it is bad, changing 20% each day for 3 days is much safer then removed 60% at once.  it will kill you tanks cycling and shock the animals and plants.  nitrates about 20 ppm will hurt fish, nitrates above 30 ppm will make plant sick too.  nitrate above 40 ppm require immediate water change and then another one after a day or so until you are below 20 ppm.  unplanted tanks can have almost no nitrates but planted tank need 10-14 ppm to feed the plants.  12 ppm is the ideal amount of nitrate for plants so you generally want to see 10 ppm of nitrate, 0 nitrite, 0 free ammonia, and small amount of total ammonia when you test water for a planted tank but under closer to 5 ppm for a plantless fresh water tank.  marimo moss balls do not need nitrates like most freshwater plants since they grow slowly so nitrates can be low if they are in a tank.  ph should usually be between 6.8 ad 7.2 but 7.4 is not bad either.  on the other hand a ph of 6.6 or lower can be cause for concern because your ammonia could be acidifying and producing falsely low ammonia results while still putting fish and plants at risk.  such a tank can quick crash down to 6.0 and be dangerous for fish.
have they all been shipped yet? haven't got mine yet.
@12345: contact adi directly, they will send you new plant medium. or you can just buy some sea sponge so you don't have to wait.
@adi  is there any way to get a new plant medium?  mine completely disintegrated.  the basil seeds sat on the surface of the medium, sprouted, and got maybe an inch tall before falling over and dying because they were not supported by the plant media/medium.  the media/medium that came with my ecoqube was like a white sponge and the seeds didn't have any support since they sprouted on the top surface.  should i have embedded them inside the sponge?  please help!!!
@tiffany:  i recommend picking up a water test kit. i have not done any water changes. my ammonia level is at 2ppm, nitrate is 0, nitrites is 0, ph is 7.4. the ammonia level should be 0. i'm hoping if i cut back on the feeding and the basil grows larger it will draw more ammonia from the tank.  in other words, the test kit will help you determine if you have healthy water conditions for your livestock and allow you to proceed with a course of action. incidentally i picked up my kit from amazon for about $22.
@imran:  based on adi's recommended upkeep, they don't seem to think water changes should be necessary.  i will admit to being aquarium ignorant here, so i'm literally just following adi's instructions to the letter.  beyond water changes, what else should i be anticipating a need to do for maintenance that has not been recommended by adi?
@dustin locke is your ecoqube getting a lot of sunlight? too much light will cause algae blooms. you should clean it up, and make sure you properly acclimate the fish when you get them and check your water parameters. @sandip badwal and @jeff dewolfe partial water changes are a must for all aquariums especially when you are overstocking and keeping fish with large bio-loads. @sandip badwal as to know when the tank is cycled, check (and keep checking) your water parameters. ammonia and nitrite levels should be 0 and have remained there over the past week or so. you should remember that nano aquariums such as the ecoqube often don't cycle and with the limited water volume, cant stay stable. thus more water changes are needed.
hello, i sent you guys a message, but wasn't sure of the quickest way to get a response. i set up my ecoqube a while back late november i believe it was. it has been a while, and now there's a bit of algae, and the water doesn't look all that clean. i know you guys are sending out the livestock in the next few days, my question is, is it safe to put them in there? or should i find a way to clean it beforehand? thank you in advance!
how do you know when your tank has fully cycled? its been on for around 2 weeks or so now... also does the ecoqube require water changes?
livestock and plant orders are shipping starting tuesday this week if not delayed with us already. -adi
300 units have been shipped for local singapore orders. we just spoke the with singapore distributor who is shipping the units to that region from singapore. he says that all singapore shipments will be shipped by end of this week, and all units for australia, india, nz, south east asia and parts of the middle east will be completed by the 15th of february. he is shipping about 50 units a day. the delay was caused by the holidays, then moving warehouses after that. we sincerely hope he is going to meet these deadlines finally, and everyone can enjoy their ecoqubes! please do not ask us for tracking numbers, as we do not have them, or exact delivery times. once we are told everything has been shipped, we can begin inquiries into missing orders. we thank everyone for their understanding and patience in this matter, as we are upset as well with the outcome. we will not be using this distributor in the future, that is for sure.
@kyzza: adi recommended not using rockwool due to bacterial complications. they did recommend using a sea sponge.
@wayne little:  the plants you received in the mail are probably anubias.  they are aquatic plants and go inside the water.  they'll die outside of water.
@adi glad to hear shipping is moving for asia. do note it will be chinese new year from the 8th onwards, with singapore on public holidays on 8th and 9th.
still waiting for delivery to australia.  anyone else had any luck?
@mattg i think they are scared of the betta. shouldn't be hiding like that. about the food spitting, i've seen it with my cichlids if the pellet is too big and not soaked up yet. perhaps you should pre-soak it. i soaked them in aquarium water and crushed them to smaller bits.
i'm from canada i have sprouted a basil seed 2 days ago... i am using rockwool can i continue to use this as a medium throughout its growth?? or what's the recommended medium to use.?
so nearly a week with 1 betta, 3 shrimp and 3 snails sent to me by adi. betta- so far so good.  i was shocked to see it take the adi "super food" then spit it out, then eat it, spit it out and then finally eat it.  anyone else have a fish that does this? shrimp- i was amazed to see that they molted today.  i was concerned they were dead, but i found the molted shell of all three and three shrimp hanging out by the pump inlet side.  the shrimp are very docile and rarely move. anyway so far so good. hope some people can tell of their experiences.
ok the seeds that came with my eco cube barely grew.  i just received a plant in the mail. my question is....does this plant go in the aquarium or growing media?
@ jeff - with a tank this small you won't be able to clean it with a syphon, the tank will empty well before it's clean. this is what i use: tom mr. cleaner battery operated gravel siphon https://www.amazon.com/dp/b003oyopnw/ref=cm_sw_r_other_awd_qtmrwb055kp5m
this is my first fish tank. i was wondering if people had any suggestions on how to clean it? i do not have any fish in it yet, just water and growing the basil. right now the water is hazy. let me know if you suggest replacing the water? also, do you suggest getting a siphon? if so, i was looking on amazon. any certain model/brand suggested? thanks!
my basil is still only 1 1/2 - 2" tall (sigh) but the media is fine so far.  i think it is time to test the water again before adding more shrimp.  still awaiting for the stone mountain, etc.  i have added a thermometer (the probe is where the uv unit would have gone so it is not ideal since it is low flow area but works) with an alarm but the temperature has only varied from 71.8 t0 75 f without a heater but it is difficult to find a heater (my chose is limited) that can be set lower then 78 which is too hot for shrimp and moss balls. my feet are still in place.  i chose shrimp since i already have fish tanks and shrimp should only be with other shrimp and not fish.  the also require very little space and both shrimp and mos ball do not require tropical conditions.  in fact, marimo moss ball get sick above 80 f and develop brown spots and start dying from the heat.  shrimp are good down into the 60's but prefer the mid to lower 70's just like my household. my feet are still in place, i have had no problems with any part of the equipment except the timer which seem to go on a few minutes early each day.
i just checked my backerkit order and i must have cancelled the led upgrade, i remember feeling nervous about giving more money to a project that kept getting delayed, but i still ordered the remote control. @ian - the box has check boxes for what is "included" and does not have led+ or remote control checked. i realise why i don't have the led upgrade now, but not sure why i don't have the remote.
@aaron how do you know you don't have the stronger led upgrade? was it supposed to look significantly different that the standard led show on the campaign page?
so i just opened my delivery box, it arrived just over a week ago, but have been sick for several days. both of my qubes do not have the upgraded led or the remote control that i paid extra for several months ago. my understanding was that that was one of the reasons for the delay, waiting for those upgrades to be installed. so what do i do now?
my basil is growing just fine, the white plant medium is holding up just fine, and i've had zero issues so far :-)  is there a $20 discount code that i can share?
ok, all four metal pins on the glass cover have come off. i am going to take it to work with me where we have special uv bonding equipment that will permanently attach the pins to the glass. for those that want to do something similiar without investing hundreds in uv bonding equipment...you might try something like the uv adhesive they use for phone screens. i am not sure if it will have the same results but if your try it let us know.
300 units have been shipped for local singapore orders. we just spoke the with singapore distributor who is shipping the units to that region from singapore. he says that all singapore shipments will be shipped by end of next week, and all units for australia, india, nz, south east asia and parts of the middle east will be completed by the 15th of february. he is shipping about 50 units a day. the delay was caused by the holidays, then moving warehouses after that. we sincerely hope he is going to meet these deadlines finally, and everyone can enjoy their ecoqubes! please do not ask us for tracking numbers, as we do not have them, or exact delivery times. once we are told everything has been shipped, we can begin inquiries into missing orders. we thank everyone for their understanding and patience in this matter, as we are upset as well with the outcome. we will not be using this distributor in the future, that is for sure. we are continuing all livestock and plant orders in the usa for those who have not delayed them, next week. please disregard any emails that did not come with tracking. they were sent in error. we are still processing some emails sent this week, but we will get to all of them asap! thank you all for your support!
any updates for delivery to australia? still have not received any notification on shipping.
hello when will i receive my ecoqube? in mexico. thank you
add me to list of people that have had little luck with growing basil. original seeds only produced one plant, which looked like it was doing well until it up and died.  i purchased more basil, and it is growing a couple of sprouts, but not quickly and i have my doubts they will live. also, if you bought "just plants", they are being shipped just usps ground, so good luck getting them alive.
hi, last week i have added tapwater (after boiling, then letting it cool down) to the aquarium to start growing my plant, but the shipped medium is getting rotting black on the sides by the side holes and my plant grows extreme slow (seed just opened). the height of the lightsource is at minimum. what have i done wrong? i don't have added fisch yet, so do i need to replace water and use a sponge for the medium?
hi, any information on singapore deliveries? i've not received any notification of anything although it states here its in singapore. you have confirmed to me since early jan that my order will be receive in 1 week time, it is going to be feb and i haven't received any information in fact any update at all. i have written to you since last week and no reply whatsoever from your end.  this is really very bad follow up on your end. kindly stop all your updates on the current ones and start giving us proper updates on the shipping. this is very disappointing.
hi, any information on australian deliveries? i've not received any notification of anything. i've been told its in singapore, but that you have no way of giving us any delivery information? i haven't received any information as to me confirming my address or in fact any update at all (do you see the pattern here?) im not sure how it could have been possible that you shipped a bunch of the tanks to singapore and then had zero way of knowing which tanks were there, or how or when they would be delivered? considering this isn't your first kickstarter, this is really poor.
mine wins the award for most dead
@constantine bummer on the doa! i got my "award winning" fish on tuesday and everything has been healthy so far. i am just not so sure what classifies this fish as "award winning", it's cool looking, but nothing like the images i see when i google award winning betta.
i am in canada and have yet to receive any notice of delivery of mine. how goes the international delivery?
i sent a email a few days ago. my award winning fish was dead on arrival and the plants were barely alive.
i am in the us and earlier this week i got an email on monday with tracking number and the fish/plants arrived the very next morning on tuesday.
has anyone received tracking info for plants? i got email but no tracking and no delivery today. as it is being delivered to my job, i hope it doesn't come saturday to sit.
@robin lynker the one in the tank, where the water flows out from after it passes through the filter.
@imran what nozzle do you mean? the one in the filter or inside the main aquarium? thanks a lot!
@michael maeda:  they are indeed replacing my plants for me, but frankly, i'm more worried that i'm not doing something i should be doing for them... or doing something i shouldn't be doing, one of the two.  i'm ignorant when it comes to aquariums and especially so when it comes to plants. . i'm glad all your livestock showed up and is healthy!  i did not order livestock - just plants - and will be getting a few nano fish from... somewhere.  i haven't decided exactly what i want yet, but i started late getting my qube ready.  my basil is only about a quarter inch tall at this point, so i have a while yet before i have to worry about that.  on the plus side, my white plant medium seems fine so far.  crossing my fingers that it stays that way.
still waiting here in massacusetts for mine, any updates?
so as per your 23 jan update... "southeast asia, middle east, and australia all the ecoqubes for these regions have been in singapore since november, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in 8 days with 2 people. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and being thousands of miles away, we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. we also do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are doing whatever we can to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment." - units been there for 2 months - don't have tracking numbers? - outside of your control? how do the above give you any ability to say you're doing anything you can to sort it out? you're running blind. get on a freakin plane and fly to singapore and sort it out. that is totally inexcusable. totally unimpressed.
@matthew martin check out the latest update @alexander vogt unfortunately there isnt a way to check this. especially if your reward is being shipped from singapore. howeber you should message adi directly. @ronald baisden send them a direct message in case your comment gets overlooked. @robin lynker you should check out the nozzle. see if some debris have gotten stuck in it. although the filter foam is housing good bacteria maybe its gotten too dirty. do you see a lot of algae in the tank? @darren keirle thanks for sharing the pictures.
how do we check if our order has been shipped? i can't tell if you guys think you shipped my order or if my order is still waiting to be shipped. where can i find this information?
@bao: i'm using liquid carbon.
got email that said: *if you ordered fish with your ecoqube, your ecoqube and fish will be shipped in separate packages. your ecoqube will arrive first, and your fish will arrive two - three weeks later. plant orders will ship with the ecoqube. um, my ecoqube came months ago. when will plants come, as they did not arrive with unit?
as per another poster's comment; 'your latest update is all about livestock shipping, yet i have not even received my 2 x eco unit's to nzl yet* - nor have i even had any shipping confirmation. what's the deal?' *except i only ordered one and live in manila.
check out these new videos, they should help a lot. unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
blog posts to help with ecoqube c: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/tagged/ecoqube-c we will be making a lot more soon!
how to set up your heater (non uv unit): http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater
so, while i'm waiting for my ecoqube to be delivered (there was a qa issue with my original) i'm borrowing my friends as he is between houses. well, i threw a couple of shrimp from http://www.dwarfshrimp.co.uk in there (shameless plug) and literally within a couple of days out of 5 shrimp i have 2 berried females. must be a very hospitable environment for the critters: http://imgur.com/pmbeewk http://imgur.com/bgcmoxj
@ bao: http://www.amazon.com/fluval-mini-pressurized-20g-co2-kit/dp/b0049rl3h4#
is anyone planning on running co2 with their setups? how are you guys doing it?
after almost 2 weeks there are some decent basil sprouts but the white sponge is turning an unpleasant black so today i moved them over to a sea sponge i got in a drug store. let's hope they survive. i guess i'll have to give that another week before i can put shrimp in to be safe.
@ tiffany: i'm sorry to hear about your plants. maybe adi will give u a replacement. my plants came yesterday as well along with a betta, shrimp and snails. my plants arrived in plastic bags and were fresh and crisp. the betta is beautiful with a large fan tail. since putting him in the tank he has been very active. he has a good appetite too.  the snails are doing a great job tirelessly cleaning the glass and the shrimp are doing their job picking and cleaning the gravel. i now have 3 basil sprouts about 1.3 inches. my white sponge is still in tact (i think it's important not to remove the basket out of the housing for inspection...that way the media won't be disturbed causing the potential melting issue). everything looks great and my water is crystal clear. i'm very pleased so far how everything is turning out.  i may grow some basil on the side using the sea sponge just in case my existing basil for some reason takes a turn for the worse. but so far so good.
well... my anubias arrived a few days ago.  they were really slimy in the bag they came in, and they were accompanied by a friend (snail).  i rinsed them off really well before putting them in the tank, hoping that the slimy was just leftovers from something... but they're wilting and won't perk up.  they were pretty eaten up when i got them, i'm assuming from the snail they came with.  disappointing.  i think i'm probably going to end up putting fake plants in the tank, as much as i'd love to have live ones.
hello team adi, i finally got around to setting up my ecoqube, i love it! with one exception: i did not receive my remote with the shipment.  how can i get my remote?  thanks!
hey backers, after 2 weeks of running, the pump of my ecocube c loses strength. is it possible to clean the pump? does anyone face the same problem?
@rene do you have any art supplies store near you. they might carry natural sponge
@rene here's the sponge i got, big enough for 1 or maybe even 2 qubes: http://www.amazon.de/gp/aw/d/b00632iolg
@rene ketelaars  also here: http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/ref=nb_sb_noss/278-8253687-7152200…
@rene ketelaars check these out: http://www.ebay.com/bhp/sea-sponge or http://www.aliexpress.com/item/6-0-inch-no-2-big-size-mediterranean-natural-honeycomb-sea-sponge-soft-comfortable-non-stimulating/32527478247.html…
your latest update is all about livestock shipping, yet i have not even received my 2 x eco unit's to nzl yet - nor have i even had any shipping confirmation. what's the deal?
the replacements mentioned by @imran are available in us only it seems. any chance for an european seller for good sponges?  or is this something i can buy in an aquarium shop?
if anyone's wondering if hc can live in the ecoqube, here's the proof: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54j0ynsywe0tvlwohdgltrxntg/view… https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54j0ynsywe0ne9wzepxnvbucle/view… ten days, led+, flourish + flourish excel + iron. looked absolutely horrid days 3 to 6, since i started with the above on day 3. there's some melting on the left, but i started planting from there and didn't do it extremely well, roots flying around and such. i can see tiny new leaves already. just waiting for it to root properly.
i am in singapore and contacted the distributor for self-collect ion. they need order id. any idea how i can get the order id? thanks.
@nelson reed here is the one adi recommends and also mentioned in the update: http://www.amazon.com/martha-stewart-32228-sea-sponge/dp/b007c7xn1w/ref=sr_1_4… @kevin chng did you try what @gavin low mentioned below: "for singapore backers - i have received my ecoqube a month ago. the delivery was done by a local fish store called fresh n marine. maybe those that have not receive your ecoqubes can contact the lfs directly. you can google for their website" @nicole peak you should send them a direct message. also be sure to check the wires they may have come loose near the splitter, i know its obvious but still. hopefully they'll resolve your issue soon. @sixsixty yeah some people had the same question with the upgraded lights. that you could figure out by comparing both with a light meter (or two people comparing each version). as for the betta now thats a completely different question. @chris rubino the temp was perfect, very strange. did you see any of these signs: -betta not eating -color loss -floating near the surface in a corner or at the bottom, slow/lethargic behavior. -tail fin closed/clumped together -tears/holes in the fin -spots on the betta -swollen eyes -rubbing/scratching against the tank any of these would indicate that the betta was sick. @russell mills check out the second last project update. you can replace it with the one i mentioned above.
can someone link the sea sponges you guys are buying as a replacement to the terrible white thing that's slowly devolving into the water. i'm sure it's great for the fish and other aquatic life.
i am in singapore. until today, i have yet to receive any notification about the shipment. please help to check
my filter stop working!
so how would you know if you got a betta from the award winning option?
@ruiz akpan you know that you can rotate the nozzle, right?
i can't understand that you send me a uk plug, while my order comes to portugal. i'l have to buy an adaptor now :(
i pledged $39 for international shipping, however when i received my parcel, the invoice show which sent from china to hong kong and cost only cny42(usd6.4) only!! this is ridiculous! will you refund the $32.6 overcharged shipping fee to me?
my add-on plants arrived today. they appear to be okay despite the cold weather but i guess i'll know for sure after a few days.
and i've got everything!!! marking this pledge fulfilled.
living in thailand, the campaign clearly stated delivery in nov 2015 but so far i have not received it yet!!!!!!! c'mon!!!!
i should be more specific. the biomass i was referring to, is the one they send with their aquatic plants, and not the white one. that one i removed and replaced with their last model's planter material, which hasn't been bad. but if adi or anyone wants a picture, i will gladly send it, but i don't think i will be buying anything else from adi. i have bought their original, an aqua farm, a knock off of the two, and this one, and other than the attached light fixture, this has been the worst two of the four.
if you have any questions that you would like adi to answer, please send us a direct message or email. we do not address specific answers in comments since there is no way to notify you of our response, thanks! or our community members offer an amazing amount of support on here as well! -team adi
for singapore backers - i have received my ecoqube a month ago. the delivery was done by a local fish store called fresh n marine. maybe those that have not receive your ecoqubes can contact the lfs directly. you can google for their website
this project have been absolutly the worst ever project i ever haver backed. and everything associated with this companys name in the future will make me puke. shame on you!! from poor kvalite, to broken promisea, to shipping has been an absolute nightmare!!!
my plant medium (the white sponge) is starting to disintegrate and get smaller. what should i do? the bottom part of the small pants (basil seedlings) are now under water. will this damage the plants? can i put a small piece of sponge under the original sponge?
@ imran water temp was 25.5 -26
received my cube early last month. let the system cycle for 3 weeks. placed betta fish, nirite snail, and 2 extra plants. it's been almost a month and the entire system looks happy. water is crystal clear, betta is swimming and eating actively, snail is chomping away on algae, and all of the plants are growing and staying green. i haven't had to do any cleanings or water changes. it's crazy to say, but i think i have something solid running here. the system doesn't come without its flaws though. i also have the issue with the white sponge disintegrating. i figured if it completely disappeared, then the basil roots will just attach to the walls of the cage and continue growing. i recently got the email stating that they're willing to send sea sponge replacements for free, but i'd rather pay the $6 to get it through amazon prime, so no big deal. if there's one more thing i had to gripe about, it would probably be the location where the pump is pumping in the water. i'd prefer it if was facing the corner rather than the front. regardless, i think my betta is getting pretty smart and knows how to avoid/work around it. one time it saw a food pellet, glided across the water flow, and intercepted the pellet while gliding. i think he'll be fine. ;) overall, i give it a solid 4 out of 5 stars. it's by far the best small fish tank i've ever owned, but adi needs to do more work before this can become a truly solid product.
so here's a question: i've got some sea sponge makeup tampons i never used. how can i disinfect them? it seems boiling is not much of an option.
the bio material used for the plants will cause a white plastic like film if you let major evaporation occur. it did this in the old ecoqube. if you have plants, look for a superior product, or it will ruin your filter, your pump, and the entirety of the items you put in. it can also lead to animal death.
@jason pollard nice! is it the mountain stone from adi? or did you order a castle from elsewhere. come on people don't be shy, share some pictures. anyone needs any advice or help, you message me here: aquariumenthusiast.com
@elaine wang awesome! we want pictures!!! :) i bet your ecoqube looks amazing.
@jimmy cheong i believe i read a comment a little while back that someone in singapore had received the tank. not 100% sure. hopefully your's along with everyone else's will come in soon.
@patrick senay you could add all 3 but would have to do more frequent water changes. also depends on how small your betta is. after it grows, it may get a little too crowded. go for a small one. @matt hopefully replacing the battery will solve the problem. @chris rubino how was your water temperature? for a betta the temperature should never drop below 74° fahrenheit (about 23.5° celsius), and ideally should remain between 78° and 80° f (25.5° and 26.5 c).  did you see any current from the filter or feel the flow when you put your hand in front of it. @robert regester  you could (start out the seed in a glass), but the whole concept of 'aquaponics' revolves around the fish and the waste produced. its a cycle:  1. fish produces waste 2. plant gets fertilized/nutrients from fish waste 3. plant ends up cleaning water 4. fish and plant live happily ever after. you'd also need a grow light.
@imran: when i plug the lights in they turn on white full (which i assume is their "default" position); but they don't respond to the remote. i'll see if i can scare up a coin cell battery and try replacing it.
offically trashing my eco-cube today. woke up this morning to find my betta dead, and the basil on-top half way out the door. i was not aware of the white sponge issue and i am somewhat convinced my filter also broke on the unit. going to try and email adi for a full refund, this project has been a nightmare.
i received the white grow sponge  ...which is fading fast. i am concerned about switching to sponge and being ready for the livestock in time. please send replacement; perhaps i can start some seeds with the sponge in a glass or something, then swap out once established?  thanks for all the advice and links, rj
also, i found out the plants were not strong enough to get the wastes produced by fishes after the sponge disappeared. googled it and found out yellow leaves are caused by too much water. so basically if the white sponge will disappear after a period of time, the plants will be dead by that time.
basil started growing on the white sponge about one or two months ago. added fishes. then days before i found out the sponge disappeared. it either dissolved into water or been eater by the plants. then the leaves turned yellow. i tried to use another sponge from my other ecoqube c, but they still died yesterday. pretty sad. i put the seeds into the sponge again and see what will happen this time.
this is what you have updated us "southeast asia, middle east, and australia all the ecoqubes for these regions have been in singapore since november" yet up till now singapore backers have not received any of our ecoqube. what is going on? i don't believe that my country delivery company is that bad to need so many months to deliver these ecoqube
any update for singapore ???
got my dirt, castle and tank! just waiting on my plant :)
got my anubias and marimo balls today! �
my basil starts to grow on the white sponge, water is clear.... time to add something !  i will get a betta and was wondering if you think adding an assasin snail and an algae eating shrimp is fine or it is too much for just one betta ?
i've read the updates and am trying to determine when you'll complete fulfillment in the us.
@justin  sounds great. its better there is no window as sunlight would cause major algae blooms. @ashley thompson  you should send then a direct message. @matt very strange, maybe the battery is dead on arrival. try replacing it. or the power wire could be loose. are the lights turning on at all? @suman chakravarthy shipments to india are most probably going out from singapore so you know the story. they are slow in sending them out. i believe you should get a tracking number or notification once it goes out. @rick rynerson what tiffany said is absolutely correct. the plant completes the chain in aquaponics. excessive algae can bloom due to too much light especially sunlight. so if your tank is near a window you should move it. as for the fish/shrimp you can put it in a temporary holding tank/bucket while you get everything st up. be sure the properly acclimate it and maintain the same water parameters. you should be able to find some nice decorations on amazon or even ebay.
hi, any update for shipments to india.
i got my ecoqube (yay!); it looks really sharp. however, i just can't seem to get the remote to do anything - i pulled out the little plastic tab at the bottom (which i believe preserves the battery), but i can't get the ecoqube to respond - power, colours, all that; nothing seems to work.
ok half of my white sponge is disintegrated, but my basil is still alive thank god but i'l have to look for a replacement
@victor wang update for singapore/australia and south east asia region: the units have been in singapore since december, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in just a few weeks. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are trying to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment. you will get your ecoqubes no matter what and we will do whatever it takes to make this happen. we sincerely apologize for this extreme delay and thank you for your patience and understanding. message from the creator. i find it quite weird that it takes so long for singapore backers to receive the item because it is already in singapore! also feb is chinese new year so at this rate most probably we will get ours in mar?!
hi received my tank last week, all filled up and sitting on my desk now.  planted the basil 6 days ago and is already starting to grow quite nicely considering the only light it gets is from the led(no window in my office).  just wanted to say how happy i am with my ecoqube c.  good work, one of my favorite kick-starters i have backed to date
major questions were answered in the update today, please check that on the updates page. if you still need help, please send us a message on here and we would be glad to help!
@tom king:  thank you!  your comment made me smile. . @rick rynderson:  not having a plant growing in your ecoqube c will absolutely cause ecosystem problems.  the tank is not designed to function without a plant, so its filtration system is not adequate to handle the growing changes in the ecosystem.  the plant is part of the ecosystem, and without it, you're going to have problems.  you will also have issues if your ecoqube is sitting near a window or if your grow light is left on too much... but it really sounds to me like your biggest problem is the lack of a plant.  yes, you'll definitely want to start fresh.  as to what you'll do with your fish/shrimp... on that front, i'm no help. =( i'm not much of an expert on fish.
hello! could i get an update on when my replacement will be shipped? i still have not received it thanks!
from singapore here, can we actually get an update on when they will ship it out to us? this is really weird.
@ian hamilton to my understanding, yes the light is does act as both a grow light for the "plant used", but also to light up the tank too. regards tk
is the led light supposed to work as a grow light for the basil??
there you go jedhi > http://www.thebakersshop.com.mx/
hi there! do you have any update for mexico bakers? regards.
@jordan horst - once you set the timer you can only change the lighting color or special effects when the timer is on.  you also can not manually turn the light off or on.  however, you can unplug it (it is the shorter cable) and plug it in to reset it and you will have manual control again. if you want to have manual control you need to insert an external timer (i recommend one of the current usa ones) between the two plugs
i dunno about anyone else - but i am very frustrated with my ecocube. i am really wanting to start fresh with it once i get the new seeds/sponge material that is supposedly being shipped my way soon. (don't know what i'll do with my fish/shrimp when i do though) it does not seem to be nearly so easy to maintain as advertised. if this is because my basil plants have died or not who knows  - but i have serious algae issues, the tapering at the sides of the tank collect debris (and are all but impossible to clean out) i can't get my plants to root in the sand for anything, and none of my local pet stores have any decorations even remotely sized for my cube. my tank looks very sad and depressing.
being a product designer myself, i can fully understand the difficulties that can be faced when it comes to designing, manufacturing and assembling a product. just because a company has been in the industry a while, it does not mean that they will not encounter any hiccups along the way. it also doesn't matter how great your relationships are with your manufacturers and suppliers (or anyone you have to deal with to make your product a reality), because they can still unexpectedly throw a spanner in the works at any time. equally, i can fully understand the frustration that us backers are facing with all of the issues that are and have been had. i do not necessarily agree with how some of the issues and information has been resolved, but they are clearly working really hard to rectify and fulfil all of the outstanding orders that they have. at the end of the day we are backers and funders with the aim to help inject money into ideas and projects to help them on their way. therefore we should expect to have delays. kickstarter specifically states that it is not a shop, so why are some treating it like one? this funding platform is full of risks so just be thankful that at least this project has been funded and actually manufactured unlike some products. it's so easy to complain about things and at the end of the day, what is a couple of months? there's bigger problems in the world to worry about than not receiving a fish tank. i just think a little appreciation to what they have done and achieved is needed. keep up the good work adi
oh... it's repeating-blabla-time. counting on: 5x this game i also can play. lets repeat a little bit: adi: "europe/africa/middle east orders- expected to ship the first week of january from france via fed ex ground." reality: "shipping label has been created. the status will be updated when shipment begins to travel." since more than zwo weaks... adi:"although partnering with someone in singapore (most expensive city in the region) was not the most economical decision, seeing how diligent they have been and the experience they already have, we knew they would be the best partners for us!" reality: "they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers." adi: "it's manufactured in the usa." reality: it's manufactured in the asia. adi: estimated delivery: aug/nov 2015 adi: "...ship all the units before christmas but there may be a small percentage that will be shipped out in early january." reality: mine ist not shiped in the late january... yes, i'm a little bit frustrated if i have to read useless repeating adi-comments....
despite a promise to ship to south africa in december (months later than estimated)...i am still waiting for my 2 x ecoqubes, a shipping date, tracking number and a response to my recent messages.  this is nothing less than total disrespect for someone who believed in your product and backed you.  my units do not belong to the "problematic" asian batch of 800.  they were supposed to ship from france.  so where are they?  more importantly, where is a simple, polite response with any useful, definitive information?
just got my ecoqube today in toronto canada.  can't wait to take it home and set it up.  too bad it's too late to give out as a christmas gift like i intended.
in leaving my comment, i've been asked to me respectful and considerate. i don't think this company has been considerate to me. while they responded in a very respectful way, they didn't solve my problem. the delays are much worse than the promises and the excuses. stop blaming your people, get down to singapore and get it done yourself.. those 800 units are for 800 people who believed in you. you're not holding up your end of the deal.. first i was told i'd be receiving it in august, then november, then december.. now it's the 22nd of january 2016.. i'm not looking for free gifts.. not looking for compensation.. i just want my freaking ecoqube, a proper explanation and apology. is that really really so hard? so disappointed.
remote instructions: https://www.instagram.com/p/bazuozen0b2/…
update for singapore/australia and south east asia region: the units have been in singapore since december, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in just a few weeks. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are trying to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment. you will get your ecoqubes no matter what and we will do whatever it takes to make this happen. we sincerely apologize for this extreme delay and thank you for your patience and understanding.
same here from singapore. any update?
from singapore. still haven't received anything. any help please?
@ timmy : use some rockwool.
@tsveta koleva - ide/wild i had thought about that, but when the timer is on, the blue led indicator is also turned on. no remote here, and still no lights.
hey guys, received my ecoqubes last week (belgium). now i'm wondering what i should use to put the seeds in. i'm not really familiair with growing stuff and i dont want to do anything wrong. what could i use since eu didnt get plant medium
@tiffany - wasn't intended for you.  was intended as a single source for those who are beginners, don't know enough yet to distinguish reputable online sources from rumor and anecdote, and for whom $10 is pocket change.
if you have any questions that you cannot find the answer to in these comments, please feel free to message us directly or check our faq section here: http://adiventures.net/pages/faq
@jordan horst maybe you have switched the timer on? i couldn't make it light up until i turned it off (stupid design or what? you break your timing this way and have to be there at the right time to reset). haven't tried to unplug. i'm with the remote btw.
i don't think i'm ever going to get my product.
@obiquiet:  not going to pay $10 for something when i can google research it and get the same info for free.
suggested reading: the 101 best freshwater nano species: how to choose & keep hardy, brilliant, fascinating nano fishes, plants & invertebrates (adventurous aquarist guide)  by mark denaro et al.  link: http://amzn.com/0982026250
has anyone else had an issue with the led light? it was working when i turned it off yesterday after work, but i came in this morning and now the control wont work. electrical outlet is fine, and i have swapped around plugs to see if that would do anything.
today i received 2 units (shipped to turkey).  thank you.  i did not setup & test them. i will share results. cheers.
aqua design innovations aqua design innovations jan 5 2016 report spam the shipping center is giving us the tracking numbers when all of the orders have shipped. you will likely receive it before we get the numbers. we expect all of the singapore orders to be sent this week :) i have not received anything yet. please, what is going on? it's 2 months overdue.
@ tiffany : i'm 11 days in and my plant medium is still in descent shape. growth is about a little over an inch, but i can't tell how far down the roots go. i did just order some rockwool from amazon in the event the roots don't take hold and the plant medium dissolves.
@michael maeda:  that probably isn't a bad idea.  i didn't do that myself, either, though now that you bring it up, i think it may have been wise to do so.  i only started this thing up two days ago, so my medium is still stable, and my basil has not sprouted yet.  i'm actually still debating going with a different plant, ultimately, but i will wait and see how the medium does.  if the medium dissolves, as it has been for others, i will probably replace the whole thing with a more stable medium and a different type of plant - probably a mint of some kind, as i love the stuff.
@christian:  as my comment referred specifically to the repeat comments they've been posting, i had assumed it was inferred that my comment referred to their efforts of keeping those comments on top.  i apologize that i was not clear enough... so let me clarify.  i appreciate adi's efforts in keeping pertinent information on top of the comments so that backers need not scroll through 1500+ comments to find it.
i recommend creating a seed hole in the plant medium. this will allow for an easier path of travel for the roots to grab onto the basket. i unfortunately did not do this and i fear the plant medium will dissolve before the roots can take hold. i do agree that adi has done a terrible job addressing this critical component of the ecosystem.
and because they like to repeat their 'help' so many times i think i might repeat my complaints as well do that any backers of a potential next edition that do their research and look at old campaigns can see them for the inconsiderate incompetent unhelpful team they are
@tiffany as i said before they should just post an update instead of this ridiculous repeat comments. one of the reasons i backed this campaign was that it's not their first one so i thought they would know how to handle and support backers.  until now all the help i got is from other backers - the videos are a joke. a setup video that doesn't even show how to deal with the main feature (the aquaponic plant)? that's just plain dumb
got mine today in canada. need to do some research before i set it up. thanks it looks great.
@tiffany: if the informations are that important to repeat them 4x, why not an simple update? and which efforts do you mean? it has bat the moment the main work is done by the shipping partner all over the world. it's been a while since i've heard anything new from adi. so i don't see any "efforts" at the moment. (i suspect they are busy with problem handling maybe) my last broken promise by the way is: "europe/africa/middle east orders- expected to ship the first week of january from france via fed ex ground." but nothing has happened since then. so what efforts?
@max thanks. i still think it sounds like a very short amount of time.  right now i'm more concerned with the basil growing anyway, and algae is the least of my problems. guess i'll make use of the feature when i get some fish in, or something.
@tiffany i know it said we'd not receive seeds nor soil, but then we obviously did, so of course i used them. there was no warning or "hands off"-sign attached. yet as of now, i'd actually rather not had received them, so i wouldn't have wasted two weeks watching the plant medium slowly die away. the sprouts of my 2nd generation basil are just starting to show, i hope cottonwool will do the trick. i couldn't  find the recommended rockwool in units below 100.000 cm3 ;)
@christian:  it's to keep that particular information near the top of the comments so backers who come here for quick info don't have to scroll through 1500 comments to get the information they need.  frankly, i'm rather appreciative of their efforts.
@max:  overseas backers did not get plant or plant medium.  they had to get their own somehow.
is it some kind of strange humor or why does adi always repeat themselves? by now the comment with "update for singapore/australia..." came 4 times and the comment with the video-links came 4 times too. and the questions to the interesting problems? answered by backers...
@germx in order to prevent or minimize the growth of algae which thrive on light, the duration of illumination should not exceed 8 hours per day, if possible with a 2 hour pause in the middle. (source: local aquarium shop)
so my seeds have started to sprout, and my sponge isn't gone yet. sounds like i have to be wary, and save the sprouts before it dissolves. anyway, can anyone explain the timer to me? i managed to have it turn of the light after 7 hours, but why? isn't 7h of light /day way too short? i figured that it was to have it shut down 7 h (for nights) or something. help would be nice.
10 days in and the white sponge is gone, together with 4 basil sprouts that had begun to grow. adi said they're "trying to figure out a cost effective solution for european backers" (which makes me wonder if the sponge originally used in the us is made of a different material), but who knows when this will be ready, so i am now trying to grow a batch of new plants externally on a patch of cottonwool, to put them into the cage once they're big enough not to fall through the holes on its bottom. any other/better recommendations from aquaponicians out there?
i'm from canada and still dont receive it
hey guys i hate to complain, but i still don't have the sponge or seeds.  any idea when they should arrive?
so has anyone received fish or a shipping notice for fish yet from adi? just curious if those are going out yet. i got my tank 1 month ago and am getting anxious for some movement in the tank!
update for singapore/australia and south east asia, middle east region: the units have been in singapore since december, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in just a few weeks. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are trying to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment. you will get your ecoqubes no matter what and we will do whatever it takes to make this happen. we sincerely apologize for this extreme delay and thank you for your patience and understanding.
tips for magic disappearing sponges?
unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa tips for maintaining:https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
hey! my ecoqube c just went on - 5 minute early.
muneeb arain - they have apparently "upgraded" their planting soil as well.  they sent no details.
justin wright - i think everyone is using basil because it was supplied, grows bigger leaves, can be budded to make it bushier and is not a wed like mint,  i have three varieties (usual spearmint, unusual orange mint & chocolate mint not usually grown in the wild so may have been planted years ago before i moved in) of mint in my back yard.  i planted none of then.  i do nothing but cut back any wilted steam in winter and harvest (salads, simple sugar infusions, etc.) each summer. i think if i tried again i might do cinnamon basil instead.  pretty dark purple flowering, nice but subtle cinnamon fragrance (except of grow outside in july and august).  i grow a couple (outdoors) each year. the prettiest basil is african blue.  amazing colors of those plants.  edible but only is savory dishes due to a slight "camphor" odor which due not survive the longer cooking you would not typically use with basil which is a delicate herb.  some of my favorite herbal plants are basil, lemon verbana (which i often use to substitute for lemon juice if an acidic reaction is not need) and lavender.  they have such subtle and complex under tones.
malcolm jacks - no, brita a filters are hype.  i use (treated with prime) tap water because it is sourced from mountain streams and it contain minerals but distilled is the best source if you live in the midwest which has filthy water.  rain water contains all kind of pollutants from the air an only good for watering plants fro a water recovery system.  someday i'll set up a solar powered (from panels to batteries to pump) recovery and irrigated to feed yard plants (i grow flowers, berrys, apples, edible flower, herbs, etc.) in my microscoping 1/5 acre yard but i would never use it for fish on purpose.  it you have 1000 or 10000 gallon pond a little rain means nothing but never use it for the primary water source. p.s. - i have a rebuilt koi pond and several aquariums but all are only a few years old yet thta is logn enough to have learned whet not to do.
max - my basils are about 1 1/4 inches so far and the media is ok and white.  it have been three weeks for the sponge and 2 1/2 weeks or the basil.  p.s,  only use about 4 sees or the will get the half a dozen germinated seeds i have with 2 over 1 inch tall.  when they age about 3 inches they will be mature enough for more shrimp.  still awaiting the add-ons so no photos.
jonny - even though i got the remote option it in cloudy mode 99% of the time.  it changes slowly and only use colors that would appear in nature not dark purple, etc.
sebastian busse - gave uv a test in my koi pond,  it is joke an useless.  it will also kill any beneficial bacteria in the water column so it actually got worse so i went back to a 600 gph pump (30 watts) that circulated the water and made a small fountain but it still keep the oxygen 6-10 ppm despite having any algae problem because the lose that built it (before i bought the house) made it 6 inches deep at the edge not 18 inches as required for a healthy out door pond that will be algae controlled, not have nightly raccoons and birds drinking from it, etc.. and which is plenty for a happy koi.  i redug it to have 18-48 incheds deep since ti is shaded and does not need to be deeper, eg. 6 feet deep for one in sunlight.
i had one of the little metal discs fall off my aquarium cover and into the tank. not sure what they used to bod with but it didn't do the trick on that one.
i've got a tracking number at january 6. it says "shipping label has been created.". nothing more. nothing new. still no change in tracking. anyone with the same status or such a long time to hand over the package into the hands of fedex? (germany)
@deadpeon... yes. last tuesday, i live about 45 from montreal
anyone in canada receive their product yet?
it would also be nice to be informed of progress on shipping live stock.
my experience with the sponge is that it will dissolve. this is ridiculous and shows the product was poorly tested despite extended timeline. i want to leave a post as a recommendation for first time aquaponics people. you will need to buy a substitute grow media. i used some hydroton grow media i had laying around. you can buy some for about 8 bucks off of amazon. i have also seen people use large grain perlite and such for grow media. i haven't tried it but i suppose you could also use small rocks. personally i would recommend shelling out a few bucks to buy some hydroton as that is the most conventional aquaponics grow media. i would argue that adi should send everyone a small amount of replacement grow media as it is pretty cheap and hard to buy in small quantities, but that is just my opinion.
update for singapore/australia and south east asia region: the units have been in singapore since december, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in just a few weeks. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are trying to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment. you will get your ecoqubes no matter what and we will do whatever it takes to make this happen. we sincerely apologize for this extreme delay and thank you for your patience and understanding.
hey israel backer here. any one from israel got there ecoqube?
well, fingers crossed... hope the hc takes root. my first attempt ever at aquascaping. pia. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54j0ynsywe0tvlwohdgltrxntg/view…
my white sponge is still sponge-like but then i've only had the ecoqube set up for just over a week. has anyone noticed that if you keep the rainbow button depressed on the inline control (press for quite some time), it puts itself into a switching mode and cycles through all colours? then if you press the white light/cloud option, the colours continue to cycle? not part of the instructions i don't think...
hi, just wondered if one can use rainwater, mabe strained through a brita filter ?
i received it in hk, thanks a lot....my kids loved it....good job guys!
in nzl and not received either...
me in australia too - rather disappointed that my order has not arrived and do not even have a tracking number.
anyone in australia still waiting on their shipment ????
has anyone else tried setting up theirs with mint yet?
@everyone  a detailed update is coming soon in a couple days which will answer most of your questions and hopefully resolve any issues.  just hang in there.
whoops accidentally pressed post @tan beng-watt  your ecoqube is probably coming from the singapore fulfillment center which is sending out the tanks very very slowly. much slower than adi expected. however you can expect it in a couple weeks. that's just my guess
@tan beng-watt your ecoqube is probably coming from the singapore fulfilment center which
@jackson tran i believe live stock will come in after one month so you can properly setup and cycle your tank.
was the foam suppord to melt??? my plant just dropped into the back of the tank. i have some rockwool on order to hopefully fix this but by the time it gets here the basil that was growing will be dead. :(
@tiffany the basil sprouts in my qube have grown less than an inch and hardly developed any roots. if the white sponge dissolves completely, which will probably be the case in a couple of days, the plants will most likely drop down into the tank. can the sponge be replaced with anything else? i had contacted adi a week ago about that, no reply so far...
for everyone having problems, you guys should contact adi directly. i've been in communication with them over the past week and they've been absolutely helpful and quick to respond to all my concerns. i have nothing bad to say about them as they're taking responsibility for any issues and helping their backers overcome them. as far as the plant medium goes, it is an issue that they're aware of from what i know. just shoot them a message and they'll take care of you.
@ bz  same here. memory buttons are not holding at all. i've tried many variations of sequences but nothing seems to stick.
@tom king...i did see your comments earlier.  i've tried single colors (red), then adding some other colors to the spectrum, and nothing works.  it always defaults to the stock settings.
canadian got my shipping information. shipping from the states, should arrive on tuesday :d
@bz out of curiosity, have you seen the recent posts that i made regarding the lights and their memory? have you tried the suggestions i made? regards tk
for those that had issues with the memory settings on the remote, have you had any luck figuring it out? i've tried everything, and it won't save any combination.  simply goes to the default setting.  it's frustrating trying to tailor the lights every time.
@mr. t:  you shouldn't have fish in your tank until after your tank is fully cycled anyway, so that won't be an issue, and if the sponge is completely dissolved, it isn't going to hurt the filter any.  as to 'hurting' the water, i seriously doubt it.  that's like saying soil will hurt your water.  it's a plant medium, not some unnatural chemical like chlorine.
i think tiffany had a good comment earlier regarding the sponge:  "i think it probably is working as intended, actually.  the sponge is just to give the plant a medium to begin its rooting and probably includes a minor rooting hormone to aid the process.  once rooted, the plants no longer need the medium and can pull their nutrients directly from the water."
ive had my ecoqube set-up for 4 days, and, although two of the three seeds have started to grow, but my sponge is melting! it looks like horrible to say the least, sludge type, snotty looking.. is this normal? i mean its happening to many people, but it doesnt seem normal? after a few weeks, i assume it'll be fully dissolved and could cause harm to the water/tank/filters and even the fish when it comes?  please advise.
ordered 2 cubes, where's the shipment for canadians?
when do we get our live plants?
@sebastian busse i also received a uv steriliser with my tank and i believe it to work as the instructions state (although the green is blue). red = a 24 hour water clean, but you only really need this option if the water turns cloudy, whereas the blue light provides a daily water clean for 2 hours. the whole uv system is controlled by the inline control unit of the power lead. does that help? regards tk
so europeans did not get the plant seeds nor the sponge. but we did get a us power adapter. don't mind the 35$ shipping or whaever it was. seriously, shittiest move ever. ecocube was my biggest fail of 2015. thank you for screwing us europeans!
so what about the uv lamp? there is a switch to be on with red light on the switch or blue or off. how must it be used?  every day red and blue for an hour? what about this uv sterilisation function??
@joe walters:  i think it probably is working as intended, actually.  the sponge is just to give the plant a medium to begin its rooting and probably includes a minor rooting hormone to aid the process.  once rooted, the plants no longer need the medium and can pull their nutrients directly from the water. . obviously, this is just a guess, but most plants that like water will thrive just fine with a water-only root system.  this wouldn't work for a cactus, of course, but most leafy greens, like basil and mint, will love it.
hope we can get some sort of response on the white sponge dissolving into black goop.  i feel like this is probably not intended...
@toriless will do! i guess you're right thanks!
maz & patrick s. - make sure you point at the light not the ecoqube c box.  the sensor is in the center at the back of the upper led panel.  i took pictures of it.  the light is 100% self contained.
maz - uh , did you pull out the clear plastic tab from the battery compartment?
gina e - i saw result in 3-4 days.  make sure you water level is full enough.  it took 2 week to grow tom about an inch tall.
hi backer from germany here: 1) received my cube and it looks like it works & is watertight - let's wait for  tomorrow 2) that lightning stand is the flimsiest thing ever designed ever (as several others mentioned as well) 3) the creator posting in the comments that backers have to actively search through random other posts vs posting an update that everybody would get alerted about just shows me how unprofessional and clueless they are about kickstarter
still waiting to received my ecoqubes...
hi, am from malaysia, when can i expect to receive the ecoqube c? pls advice
hello can you provide an update on when we should expect the cubes in canada?? the story that santa is late is wearing rather thin with the kidlets... thanks, fraser
@maz same for me. it works randomely....thought i was the only one with that problem....
so i set up my ecocube, and i cant get the lights to work, the remote literlly does nothing doesnt matter how many different ways i try pushing the power button theres no lights
@tom king yup both connectors are connected. the lights turn on and the filter is running. everything works except for that button  i'm wondering if it's faulty wiring that's causing the problem i emailed the company through the website two days ago but no response. :(
for international customers: we engineered the ecoqube to be all low voltage 12v dc for safety and so that we could utilize high quality transformer that takes wide range voltage inputs for international backers to convert into 12v dc without requiring an expensive/bulky 3rd party transformer that converts 110v ac (us) to 220v ac (most of the world).  the individual prongs on the plug does require a small adaptor depending on your region that allows the wide range transformer with us prongs to plug into your local outlets.  please feel free to send us any messages directly or check out these videos that should be able to answer most of the questions we've been asked.  here are the videos: http://adiventures.net/pages/faq
check out these new videos, they should help a lot.  unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
update for singapore/australia and south east asia region: the units have been in singapore since december, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in just a few weeks. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are trying to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment. you will get your ecoqubes no matter what and we will do whatever it takes to make this happen. we sincerely apologize for this extreme delay and thank you for your patience and understanding.
anybody with multiple units in canada received there qubes yet? they were supposed to be sent out by tuesday, but so far not heard anything.
@imran thanks
@imran. thanks! will look closely at my unit when i'll get home
@pei oh, that's not good, a light should come on. i apologise if i come across patronising, but have you ensured that both of the connectors are connected to their respected counterparts? also, have you made sure that they are 100% connected? i noticed with mine, that 2 of them were very tight and could quite easily not make a connection. regards tk
so, as i see here, the white sponges are the ones that are turning into sludge.
sponge is turning into a black goop. is this normal? i see other people asking the same questions.
backer from italy and still no notice on shipping, but the ecoqube is arrived today
i came in this morning and it looked like my plants shrunk a couple inches...  then i looked and the white sponge seems to have disolved into a black goop in the bottom of the black basket.  is this supposed to happen or should that white sponge stay a sponge???
@tom king that's the issue. no lights come on at all when i push the button on the unit. :(. was your button located on the little remote attached to the cube?  it says indc12v with a circle on the sticker that says 'press'?
@patrick senay  sorry not too sure about the seeds but i think 5 are alright. as for the uv. its located in the back filter compartment, on the left.
@malcolm jacks it was available as an addon through backerkit but that can no longer be done. its not listed on the website anymore either. nor is the heater.
set it up last evening but 2 questions....about the seeds...there are 10 in the little bag. do we put em all on the white sponge? i've put 5 and kept the other five in reserve but don't know if i should have put em all... 2nd question and sorry if it sounds stupid but....i bought a unit with the uv sterilizer but....where is it exactly located on my unit? how do i know if my unit is equipped with it as i don't see any difference vs one shown in videos.. thanks a lot if you can help me there !
backer from australia and still no notice on shipping. when will this be done?
hi, i'm a backer from south korea. mine came today, but sadly though, broken. what should i do? it's broken on the upper edge. quite surprised that there was only a thin sheet of bubbly shock absorber...
@pei i too received a uv steriliser with mine as i payed the extra for it. when you press the button, you don't physically see the unit itself do anything, other than the light that appears on the button. a question that i do have for you @pei is, what colour lights come up on your steriliser button to indicate that it's on? mine is blue and red for the 2 settings, whereas the instructions say red and green? regards tk
i am hong kong backer, still have not received anything.
i did'nt add on the uv sterilizer with my original order, would you let me know how much it would cost to order it separately now, thank you malcolm jacks.
@krista serianni after one month of receiving the tank.
@malcolm jacks yes you could but if you put a betta fish in it, that'll totally freak it out.
got my ecoqube yesterday and i've set it up fine. i'm not understanding where the button is for the iv sterilizer. your quick guide leaves much to be desired and that's all that the cube came with. the button images don't match and for the sterilizer there's just a picture of a black rectangle with a button on it that says 'press here'.  the little remote thingy attached to the aquarium by wire only has the one button on it and i assume this to be the button for the sterilizer but when i push it nothing happens. has anyone else tried out their sterilizer?  i'm really hoping i didn't spend money on this upgrade only for it to be broken on arrival.
finally arrived!!
please feel free to send us a direct message here on kickstarter if you need assistance with anything and you cannot find the answer in the comments. we are always happy to help! thank you everyone for helping out! we truly appreciate the community support! -evan team adi
check out these new videos, they should help a lot. unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
@paul christopher i have just tried changing my green by adding red to it and saving it and it works fine. i am just suggesting to do single colours so that you can troubleshoot it and 100% state whether the memory settings do or don't work =] regards tk
i'm also having problems with the memory functions. i cannot remember if i tried to just set solid colors singly or not. i will try that and see if that fixes it. if it does, that is fairly stupid as there as some awesome mixed colors (teal, purple, etc) that i would love to save to flick on when i want to.
@matthew crawford have you tried turning 2 of the colours completely down to leave just one on e.g. just having a red light and saving it? i did have the same issue, but i now have 4 different light memories set up. m1 completely red m2 completely green m3 just the white light, but dimmed  m4 same white light, but full power just try this as a troubleshoot if you haven't already and it will at least tell you if it does or doesn't work =] regards tk
@michael maeda:  thank you =)  i'm not very good at keeping up with this project, i'm afraid. >.<
@toriless i'm not trying to save the cloudy or thunder storm settlings to the m buttons that would be pointless.  as i've said i'd used the rbg up and down arrows to creat my own custom light effect, held one of the m buttons for 2 seconds, got the double flash but the settings have not been saved  pressing the that m bottom produces the same generic light setting that the other m buttons do.  i can not get anything to save to an m button.
it's been over 5 weeks since i planted my seeds and i've got nothing growing. the light is set to the auto timer and all other conditions seem normal. can i get a replacement sponge and seeds somehow? i'm willing to pay for them. i'd like to get some fishes in my tank, but i don't have any plant growth at all! thanks!
they said livestock and plants will be delivered at the end of the month.
can  one put a mirror at the rear of the ecoqube? it would probably make it look bigger .
i'm also wondering when the live plants will arrive.  i did not order livestock, but i did order nanas.  anyone have any idea?
thank you toriless for all of the information. i find all of your posts very helpful and informative.
will i receive something soon? ordered 2, no correspondence or anything yet....
try that again http://www.homedepot.com/s/silicone%2520aquarium%2520sealant…
for those loosing feet - "http://www.homedepot.com/p/dap-2-8-oz-silicone-aquarium-sealant-00688/100128841"
tsveta koleva - hemianthus callitrichoides 'cuba' is notoriously hard to grow.  i truly doubt it would work.  you usually need something like the finnex ray2 to get enough par to grow it.
julie daellenbach - 3 or 4 should work.  they are also 1 inch fish like celestial pearl danios.  they like groups and are happiest that way too.  the=y are also docile community fish so would work well.  if that what you want they should work well.  they are also good cleaners and should find any left over morsels and consume them keep the tank cleaner.  the pygmy is also the easiest of the common specie to raise with incidents.  i would not recommend you get a heater so long as your place stays above 68 since they like colder condition then most tropical fish.  i'd be careful about mixing genders even through they are egg bearing and not live bearers since they can reproduce under normal freshwater conditions.  still, go for it - they are good choice.
yeah one is over 1 inch tall and three are 3/4 an inch tall.  the white sponge is still 3/4 an in below the top so only one is visible from the front view.  i'll test the free ammonia tomorrow but i'm get some ammonia and nitrate so the fish food has started breaking down but 0 nitrite so the bacteria has started working.  i'll post more specific friday.  i'll take pictures when the tank is fully set-up even if the basil is half grown.  it is just some boring moss balls now.
@sebastian busse - active coal??  i never got any?  the black sponge on the right is the biofilter for bacteria to break down nitrite and ammonia into nitrate for the basil to use.  the cylinder in the middle in the intake for the pump.  it have sponge-like material around it to filter out any debris big enough to clog the pumps impeller.
if you are creating just custom color and saving it then it should work.  i have only use memory or the current times not this custom variant but it worked for those lights.  these lights are clearly made by current usa / trulumen / ecoxotic group of companies.
@matthew crawford - that's easy m1 through m4 only work for single colors not the dynamic modes.  for instance, you select the yellow button but then lower the amount of blue from the standard amount and them press m1 then it will store that value.  it will not store cloudy or thunderstorm mode since it doe snot need to and they are dynamic not static preset values.  if you want cloud to be m1 that will not work nor does it need to since pressing the dynamic cloudy button will do so.  the timer is only a timer.  the light will come on as it was when last set.  i simply pushed the 7  button at 8 am and then the cloudy effect.  the next morning it came on at 8 am with the cloudy effect and will do so. personally, when i try and change the color via the rgb buttons the change is minimal so i find the m1 through m4 buttons of limited value to begin with but they only store a specific color not any of the special modes.
does anyone know when the fish/plants will be arriving?
received the ecoqube-c yesterday (quebec,canada) will set it up this evening and will verify the led. my only disapointment however was the bottle of water purifier got crushed inside the box so i had half of the yellow powder out at the bottom of the box. was able to retrieve the other half but that was messy...
any thoughts on a few pygmy cory catfish?
on the snail front, i'm not a particular fan of the assassin snail, personally (just for appearance), but i would like to have one snail or other small algae-eater in the tank.  does anyone have another recommendation for something that doesn't make too much of a mess?  i'm a complete aquarium ignorant, i'm afraid.
my two ecoqubes have just turned up and some of the white led's aren't woking in one of them, any ideas about how to arrange a replacement lighting unit ?
@tsveta koleva i just ordered the plant as well. i would guess it works. but i am not sure whether a heater could help.
i'm in canada, ordered two tanks and still have not heard anything, despite being told that they would be shipped by yesterday.
any idea if the led+ is enough for growing hemianthus 'cuba'? it is a pretty powerful light...
@christopher @matt same here, the sponge has shrunk to about a third within 5 days. yet the basil sprout has only grown to about 3mm and is now submerged. i hope the development of the plant isn't affected by that, because i am not sure if basil is an underewater plant.... p.s.: actually, it may be a feature, not a bug ;) see: http://tiny.cc/basilunderwater
just two weeks running water past the sponge and mine is melting too.  so frustrated with the lack of acknowledgement of adi that this is happening.
@toriless - if i press any of the m1-m4 buttons i get the same white light. what i referred to as 'stock' if i create a custom lighting effect that i want to save, press and hold m4 button until the leds flash twice (this should save the setting to m4). but if i switch away to say cloud effects and press m4 again i get 'stock' white and not the colour i'd just saved.
well, i now understand the people with the sinking problem.  mine just suddenly sunk --> http://imgur.com/ssp8dcn contacted support, so guess i'll see...it sounds like a handful of people have been having this problem though.  it's really weird/disappointing it hasn't been addressed publicly.
any update on canadian shipping. you said that those with multiple tanks would be shipped by the 12th. i have not yet received tracking numbers for my 4 tanks
thanks for answering team adi!  but a little questions setup the filter is still left: open the filter topping, you have on the right a big dark filter sponge, on the left the pump and what to do on the middle? put the active coal out of the little black bag and fillfill it  in the middle?  then close the topping, fill the seed on the white sponge in the growth basket and put it all back in the topping of the filter unit?  sorry for asking that way!
check out some basic tips in this video to keeping your ecoqube looking good. it was made for our first model, so ignore the options that do not pertain to the c :) video: https://youtu.be/vilyurb0-os
@toriless uh-oh! i did exactly what the set-up video said. let's just hope that not all sprout! how annoying is that though "/
@tom king - i had 4 of my basil plants sprout, yikes.  do not put them all in.
betta fish - if you go this route only get 1 or they will often fight.  if you get 2 males expect only 1 to live as the dominant male will attack the other until it gets sick and dies.  the do not swim much have a relative smart but will eventually out grow 1.5 gallon and want a typical 2.5-3 gallon nano tank once they grow up.
such a pity, item in sg since dec, but slow progress. have been waiting for it to be delivered by christmas, now i hope it will be delivered by chinese(or lunar) new year? counting on you, adi.
probably still low/medium, you anubias plants will just grow bigger.  you do not want plants that can grow too big anyway like anubias barteri can grow to bee a foot compare to 5 inches for it's nana variant of the anubias barteri.  you could grow anubis congensis but that grow 18 inches.  avoid bacopas, cryptocoryne, hydrophila, etc. p.s. - beside avoiding zebra danios (very active swimmer unlike bettas) avoid, minnows (need more swimming room) and tetras (eat plants and require many partners to feel safe).  i still feel the celestial pearl danio is the best fit even though the school or would prefer a tank twice as big (group of 5-6) which is why i'm going with shrimp which can be happy in under 2 gallons. again, to not get nerites, they poop a lot, the assassin snail has much less bioload and will gladly eat pest snails, algae and left over fish and snail food.
@jeff dewolfe regarding your lid issue, if you are unable to get a replacement, may i suggest possibly using some silicone to re attach them? just make sure you either use clear or translucent to reduce the chance of seeing it. also possibly use aquatic silicone, see what @creator says, but as it is on the lid and not in contact with the water, i can't see an issue with just standard silicone =] i hope this helps regards tk
@simon - the white sponge is the media.  basil and mint were picked because the can root in water without soil loaded wit bacteria.  the can extract nitrates directly from the water via their roots. snails poop a lot.  get shrimp instead.  the are also a lot more colorful and more active.  if you get any snail get an assassin snail.  then poop less and eat and pest snail that might enter via eggs in your anubias or java fern plants. 1 in plenty.  the also have an interesting srtiped pattern. for fish i would recommend 2-3 celestial danio which only grow to 1 inch in length, not the zebra danios which can grow 2-3 inches.  both like to school. eating plants - avoid goldfish.  they eat everything!! @matthew crawford - define "stock".  i just pushed the 7 button and then the cloud effects button now every day from 8 am to 3 pm it uses the cloudy pattern.
@clint w.  i'm having the exact same issue trying to save to the presets � two flashes but pressing the button again goes back to stock. anyone else getting this or found a way round it??
woohoo, have mine (uk).   got round the plug problem with a 2amp 12v power supply i already had. i'm a little confused over the top plant media...and i have hydroponics in my greenhouse!  at first i thought it was a packing sponge to protect it in transit but the video on the web site say it is the media...then when you read the faqs, it says for international you can use other medias.  so i'm going to pop a couple of seeds on it anyway and see what happens. i filled it with water, i will get a small amount of gravel the weekend and maybe a plant or two.  then wait a couple of weeks before adding a fish.   i might add a snail straight away though, have to find one that won't eat the plants i put in.  i have apple snails in my big aquarium, they don't eat plants, but maybe they are too big for this.  not sure. anyway, long wait but worth it.
check out these new videos, they should help a lot. unboxing: https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk setting it up: https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa how to use the remote if you have one: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te our set up: https://youtu.be/ws-z_0joqbk accessories: https://youtu.be/d3ney3wcy7a
how to use the remote: https://youtu.be/ct0ogjqh_te
for international customers: we engineered the ecoqube to be all low voltage 12v dc for safety and so that we could utilize high quality transformer that takes wide range voltage inputs for international backers to convert into 12v dc without requiring an expensive/bulky 3rd party transformer that converts 110v ac (us) to 220v ac (most of the world). the individual prongs on the plug does require a small adaptor depending on your region that allows the wide range transformer with us prongs to plug into your local outlets. please feel free to send us any messages directly or check out these videos that should be able to answer most of the questions we've been asked. here are the videos: http://adiventures.net/pages/faq
update for anyone that had the little silver feet come off of their qube lid. adi did not order additional lids and therefore will not replace them. instead they said to just let it sit on top and line it up without the help of the silver feet.
received my ecoqube c in hk shipped from china, the add-on built-in led not made from usa (backerkit mentioned the add-on led made in usa). the power plug not suitable in hk.
will never trust this company.
hello from germany!  today i got my ecocube, my kids love this little piece of nature instantly!  tomorrow i will buy sand, stones and plants and the ecocube will begin to run.  but then i saw that there is only a us ac adapter in the box, what about this???  thanks for support and helping!  best regards!
update for singapore/australia and south east asia region: the units have been in singapore since december, we expected our shipping partner to be able to send all 800 units in just a few weeks. however, this is not the case. they have not been shipping as quickly as we had hoped and we are trying to find a way to expedite this process. on top of everything, we do not have access to the orders that have shipped or their tracking numbers. we are trying to get everything shipped in the next month but little is in our control at the moment. you will get your ecoqubes no matter what and we will do whatever it takes to make this happen. we sincerely apologize for this extreme delay and thank you for your patience and understanding.
i'm in winter park, fl and i have not received my eco yet. are they still being sent out?
so if i was to put live plants in this and i got the "more powerful" led option would this be considered low, medium or high lighting for aquarium plants?
no worries, i was under the impression uk backers weren't going to receive seeds, but apparently mine did. i'm not sure what they are, but i'm assuming they are basil. on the box, it says the system can grow either basil or mint, so either of those seeds will be fine =]. the packet i received i'd say had about 10seeds within it and they said to put them all in, so just note that if you get a bag of seeds which has a lot in it, don't put them all in haha. i take it you're from the uk? i'm curious, was your heater a uk plug or an american plug? also, did you have a uk plug or an american plug for all the pump and light set-up? regards tk
thanks tom, yea mine had a wire hole in it too, so it now sits happily in the back, also wondering if the uk one came with the stuff needed to grow a plant in or do i need to buy that separately, if so what would i need to get for it?
@justin wright, i also got mine yesterday and got a heater too and was also confused where to put it as there are no extra locator holes for it to go through. i ended up sticking it to the left internal wall where the pump is. i don't know if you backed the same, but i also got the uv steriliser which has a locating hole in the left of the unit. i was able to remove the wire from the hole and then feed it down the hole for the light upright and then sort of add it into the pump wire slot. as the uv light wire locator was now free, i was able to slot the heater wire into that hole and the plastic pieces which sit on top were able to nearly sit flush. i hope this helps? tk
@drallieiv ocimum basilicum
as i am in eu i did not receive the plant. what kind of plant should i get ? latin name or french please.
so i got mine yesterday and i'm not entirely sure how i'm meant to put the heater in?
@elaine wang so, i don't have my betta yet, but i was having trouble with there being too much circulation for my frogbit (a sort of lily pad).  i have the stone from adi and i was able to sort of align the filter output so the stone damped the output.  my frogbit seem much happier (not floating around and clumping) and overall circulation in the tank seems much better.
hoping to receive it soon i'm from canada
@javier with red only selected you should have 3 lit up. @ cllint i also have that problem. none of the memory spaces will save.
hey!  in bangkok here - any chance of a shipping update?
i'm in malaysia and still waiting mine. when exactly can i expect it to arrive?
so for those of us who paid for add ons that weren't fish, when can we expect those? i would like to drool over having automatic feeders
anyone in sydney receive it yet? backed 2 tanks and still haven't receive any delivery confirmation yet.
when i set the led color to red, only the front 2 leds are on but for the rest of the colors, there are 3 of them on. is it normal? or is one of the leds defective here? thanks!
backer from singapore and still waiting for update. uk plug please.
is anyone else having trouble with the led memory buttons saving on the remote? i'm able to adjust the lighting, hold one of the memory buttons until the lights blink to indicate a save. however, when i press the button that i held down to save the lighting it reverts back to the stock setting. any help would be appreciated.
@christopher, there are small black or dark brown seeds inside a small plastic bag. the bag also contains a sachet of silica, yep you keep away from that.
@jack pop to poundland, a regular usa to uk plug. a bit like a shaver plug or the plug you buy to change uk plug to euro plug when you go on holiday, but the other way around (usa to uk as opposed to uk to eu). no worries for voltage as the power unit supplied is multi voltage.
what adapter do we need to buy for this to work with u.k. voltage?
is there a manual on line - as i far as i'm aware there were no seeds shipped to international backers for those asking that question and don't open bags the bags of silica, i was always told it was harmful (not sure about that part tbh) my led light is frame is not straight and keeps falling back down (am i doing something wrong??) also the white sponge is that the growing medium for the plants or do you need to add anything.
mine has arrived today too. fedex estimated wednesday, so two days early is good. already have a us to uk plug. filled with water to test for leaks. none seen so far. all looks just like the videos and photos. now i need to find somewhere to put it and then set the thing up.
and about the adapter. it's rated for 12 w, but stated that the cube draws < 7 w with uv and everything running. so i'm guessing a 500 ma supply would work as well, especially if you don't even have the uv lamp.
@steven i was a bit surprised about this as well. i thought we wouldn't get any seeds. but i can't think of anything else that it could be. question is, how do we grow them? do you just grow them in the sponge? does that work? i can't see any problem with growing the basil abroad. and even if it were somehow not good for the local ecosystem, you are growing them in a confined and separate system.
it would be great if an update is put up once they finish shipping, atleast that way we can be sure that its shipped.
thanks. also got my ecoqube c x 2 in hong kong today !!!
i haven't received any e-mail regarding my order status. don't even know whether it's already on its way or not.
those small things in the bag with silica gel: are they seeds? i wasn't expecting any with a uk order. is it safe to grow us basil abroad?
just received my ecoqube , i dont know how to use it to grow the seeds supplied, i have a white sponge in the plant pot. should soil be placed on top with the seeds ?
mine just arrived uk (now i need a uk adapter and its good to go)
@oliver schmidt yes! they're too excited! now we try to put all plant and sands :)
@tanarak visessonchoke imho this tank size is good for shrimps i was as impatient as your kids when i got my first tank about 25 years ago. and now that the tank arrived i am getting impatient again. ;) i was collecting stones (hardscape) in the wild yesterday. fun thing to do.
@oliver schmidt thank you! i'll try to get my kids not to put them in then! i'm thinking to put just one betta in it later on
@ tanarak visessonchoke i would not recommend that! the shrimp can die soon. i will run my tank with plant soil and hardscapes for about two weeks before i add anaything else. some people say that even more time is needed. but that depends on the the animals you want too keep.
eco cube delivered today to sweden. filled it with water, and no leak :d now i just need to order a adaptor =/ and figure out how to install the led. how am i supposed to fix the leds so that the entire thing stays up? need to do more research.
just received my in hong kong today..... question! is it possible to add some shrimp or any other thing to the system first? as i'm sure my kids will want to see something in there thanks!
@sixsixty my metal feet also fell off. i sent a message, so we'll see if they respond or not.
@ elaine wang in my big tank i am using a pipe with wholes that is connected to the filter exit. there is a plug at the end of the pipe. so the waterflow is slowed down. bought it in a pet shop.
so i put my betta into the tank yesterday and it seems okay so far, but even with the filter pointing upwards like in the instructions, the betta is still being pushed around/has trouble swimmingwhen he gets to the middle of the tank. is there anyway to reduce the flow? diy methods are fine too. also, any word on live deliveries like plants?
i have bought two of these , did not receive any...:(
i've now received an email from support about my qa issue and my email has been forwarded to the ceo of all people for resolution so kudos to adi for dealing with this properly. it's good to know if you have quality issues the company will acknowledge. bjorn, i got a fast reply from using the online contact form, you should contact about the your leak as is probably caused by the same issue i have with mine, a poor seal.
so far so good with both my qubes. no leaks. i just had to buy an extra plug adapter for 99p from my local hardware store. my kids spent a day searching for aquarium furniture and colourful fish so this is no longer an 'executive toy' but a great educational learning tool to teach them about aquaponics. neat.
@darren i emailed them just now. let's see if they respond. i searched them on bbb.org but it seems like they are not registered as a business, or they use a different name. i tried adi, aqua design innovations, and adiventure but nothing came up. if i get no response, i'll contact them via facebook.
2 ecoqubes received in germany, so far they did look pretty nice....until i checked if they are leakproof......when half full, one starts losing water like someone opened the dam of isengard.....i think i do not have to explain how much something like this s*cks! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
still have not received any ecoqube and any shipping information. any idea when i am suppose to get this..
i hadn't really thought of checking the back reservoir, mainly because i didn't want to disturb the plant.  i took a peek today and the water was an inch or two lower.  probably more prone to evaporation from the heater.  anyone else notice this?
it was said, we will receive a power supply, that will work for all countrys. the voltage will work, but the plug will not fit into any europe socket. so we have to buy an extra adapter, which was not mentioned before ordering the kit... :(
@sung good luck with that. as you'll see below, mine was sent with an appalling seal, no reply here or via email. i backed this because it was made in usa and i thought would be high quality, turns out i was right made in china = no quality assurance. i would like a replacement adi, i've waited all this time and would like something that can actually be filled with water. so dissapointed in your support here.
and will it be covered by the warranty?
it's my fourth day with my ecoqube c and it just started to make very annoying noise... i'm pretty sure it's the filter. it's been doing awesome with no noise at all and i was very impressed until yesterday. is this normal or is my unit malfunctioning?
@peter you i believe so according to this website: http://gardenofeaden.blogspot.co.uk/2009/05/how-to-grow-basil-from-seed-indoors.html let the seeds germinate first and then turn on the lights. i'm not much of a green thumb yet, so i'm in the same boat.
@malcolm jacks in a regular aquarium it can be placed anywhere. usually there should be good water flow around the heater, so the current will move the hot water away from the heater to prevent hot spots and evenly distribute the heat. but in a tank this sized it doesn't make a difference. lower is better as the heat would flow upwards. sorry for all the extra info, in the ecoqube, adi has left room in the filtration compartment. you can see more details here: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater @michael maeda they are supposed to be shipped at a later date (i think it was one month) once you receive your tank so you can properly set it up and cycle it.
i've finally received mine, the tank is totally awesome, except the controller of the led light, just a rubber skin cover a pcb board, makes me afraid that could be quite easily broken before the led is dead first, too sad as the tank can be one more step being perfect
could you tell me where is  the best place to put aquarium heater, thank you malcolm jacks.
i am not sure if the need to buy an extra plug adapter for non-us countries was properly communicated, since i am obviously not the only one who missed to get one in the months since the end of the campaign. ordered one at ebay, let's see if that will do. it would have been better customer service, though, to add that 20 cents worth of equipment in the first place...
@adi how come you've replied to others but not my message here or email?  as shown the ecoqube you've sent me is faulty and dangerous as will certainly leak in time. early backer yet you ignore me? nice.
@christopher beley what plants do you have in the tank?  looks great!
hi guys,   i'v been a kickstarter backer for the ecoqube. i've received a confirmation email from fedex. naturally i'm rather excited. i'm a bit confused/concerned though as i've received 5 different tracking numbers. so far, all bar one still say "shipping label printed", so i just wanted to know if the ecoqube comes in several packages and when they will all get sent? the estimated shipping date was wednesday 6th jan 2015, and as of now, saturday 9th jan, at 00:03am, there is only one that has been shipped. look forward to hearing from you in the near future, and should you require any more information about the address, pledge etc, please do not hesitate to contact me. kind regards, james
does anyone know what the process is to receive plants or livestock that was ordered as "add ons"?
@christopher, the tank looks really great with all the live plants! thanks for sharing! @jonny, thank you for sharing that for us! we apologize we weren't clear regarding the international voltage. we engineered the ecoqube to be all low voltage 12v dc for safety and so that we could utilize high quality transformer that takes wide range voltage inputs for international backers to convert  into 12v dc without requiring an expensive/bulky 3rd party transformer that converts 110v ac (us) to 220v ac (most of the world). the individual prongs on the plug does require a small adaptor depending on your region that allows the wide range transformer with us prongs to plug into your local outlets. please feel free to send us any messages directly or check out these videos that should be able to answer most of the questions we've been asked. here are the videos: http://adiventures.net/pages/faq
in the uk, usa to uk plugs are available in poundland and the like. i have been using one for another product for about a year now without issue.
if anyone is curious, here is my setup so far --> http://imgur.com/a/kpibf .  i'll be adding the livestock package by adi to it.
international backers: you'll need to buy an adaptor plug! 've just read the adi faq (http://adiventures.net/pages/faq) "i’m an international customer, what is the voltage for the power cord? do i need an adaptor? if you are outside of u.s.a., you will need to purchase an adaptor. voltage is a wide range 110v ac- 240v ac input."
got tracking info today.  dhl :(  can't wait to see what the bill will be when it arrives here in canada.
they say to keep the seeds in the dark. when do you start using the led light? after they sprout?
hi, any news for singapore?
hi, just received mine but sadly also with us power supply :-(  what to do now? beside that it's a really nice thing!
should i fill it and leave for a few days before adding a plant? also since i cannot use the plug can i fill it now and hope i can get an adapter to plug it in in a few days or should i wait until i can plug it in before adding water?
received today but sadly also with a us plug.
i want to refund
bit concerned over the quality to be honest - the silicon seal is very poor. http://imgur.com/a/x5eqr i think this should this be returned? on a brighter note it is silent.
german backer here. i got four tracking numbers.
@gavin once i get it, i'm so putting it in water for a week first. get a sponge.
christopher doc simentales what fish was it? did you cycle the tank properly and had the plant grown up?
hey guys, one week in and my plant medium is starting to disintegrate. any ideas on what to do?
uk received mine - us plug also. also have a slightly dubious silicon seal - needs a bit of research may require rma.
any news for hong kong backer???
received in uk with us plug. so much for "power supply that works for any country" unless you are just referring to the power and voltage rating! bit misleading.
received today in france :-) but with us plug :-(
my fish died less then 24 hours in the tank...
u.k. backer here, just got fed ex note to say it's being delivered today! v exciting, now let's see what plug it comes with ;)
i can't believe the incompetence! on dec 18 i get a personal email from evan telling me canadian shipping starts dec 28. that date comes and goes without a word or update then on january 3 you post to the kickstarter thread that canadian shipping begins 1st week of january. not 4 days later i get a message that shipping now starts january 12! all of this after shipping is already
just spoke with shipping center regarding canada, central america, south america. order are starting to be sent out today via dhl, 100 more will go tomorrow. those who ordered multiple ecoqubes- those will be sent by tuesday jan 12th. we thank you very much for you patience. we really hope you are excited to get the ecoqube set up :)
just received tracking information to canada.
like @b.o-jay, i received the qube today with us nema plug but need european cee-7. contacted adi, waiting for reply.
canadian backer here. received a personal email stating that canadian shipping was going to start december 28 (notice how that date differs from the comment they left on this thread). still no tracking info. really not impressed with all of the delays and how they seem to be providing conflicting information...
anyone in canada/central america/south america received tracking information yet? i'm in canada and they are supposed to ship this week but not heard anything yet.
@loic german backer here. i got two tracking numbers. may be i get yours? ;-)
french backer here and no tracking number received :/ anyone in this situation?
@creators just got my cube. iam located in eu and i know for sure i choose the eu standard for power suppley. guess what?? i got the us version! how do we fix this now??
tracking number received yesterday, delivery next week uk
tracking number came through yesterday. estimated delivery wednesday 13th. bum. my days off next week are monday and tuesday. oh well, set up will have to wait.
here's some more fun for you, got a tracking number for a dollar pledge. i'll wait to see how the tracking unfolds :)
just got tracking details for my cube (uk)
us backer, still haven't received my ecoqubes or tracking numbers.  e-mailed you last week and received a message from the adi email robot on jan 2nd, but still no useful information from a human.
nobody mentioned this but after you set the 7 hour timer the special effect only work during that period, not even moonlight mode.  it over rides all power settings.  if you want to showm your tank outside the normal hours you will have to unplug the ecoqube c and plug it in to turn on the light.  you will then have to wait until the time you want it to go on and reset the 7 hour timer.  additionally, setting the timer takes about 20 seconds.  just keep holding it down and it will eventually triple flash.  it is just slow.
the cobalt aquatics heaters would need top be mounted inside the tank.  also, do not use a preset heater if you plan to use moss balls since they will develop brown spots and get sick above 78 f which is where almost all preset heater are set.  personally, i think i'll just get shrimp (already have the moss balls in the tank acclimating since the basil is growing) since they like room temperatures anyway and i have ac for the summer months.  maybe add an anubias (nana or barteri) when before adding shrimp.
metal feet still on but go to home depot.  in the back of paint section, look near the epoxy.  you will have a choice to two aquarium safe glues.  one has a red label and one is green.  i forget which to use but read the back side for one that adheres to both metal and glass.
form those getting ready to stock their tanks i'd advise no more then 2 neocaridina davidi shrimp in a tank this small since they will double (18mm growing to 36mm)in size as they grow older.  you can fit about 10-12 purple zebra shrimp since the are only 6 mm each but he more you ad the more you have to change the water.  you can also mix them like use 1 yellow/orange/red neocaridina davidi shrimp and 4 small zebra purples.  it is a but too small for most fish, even bettas will only be ok at first but can grow to over 2 inches so you need 2-3 gallon not 1 1/2.
we are getting notifications that european orders have shipped today. please search your email for a fed ex tracking email. thanks!
backer in germany for one cube: i don't know how fedex works but i just got 4 emails with 4 different tracking numbers. how exciting?
i'm a uk backer and i received a shipment notification from fedex, today. it seems that uk orders are finally in toulouse, france, and shipping.
so today i woke up and saw a small silver thing on the bottom of the tank. turns out one of the metal feet from the glass cover fell off over night! no clue how to fix that. anyone else lose one of the metal feet?
...and no sooner do i post that than i get fedex emails regarding the shipping!! should be here next tuesday. yeah!
i'm in the uk and have yet to receive the cube - has anyone else here got theirs?
@cammieann dunaway kleinz  taken from the faqs: "the compact uv sterilizer can be added on as an attachment as well!" however i think i read somewhere that we wouldn't be able to add it on afterwards. i'll try and find the source. @muneeb arain here are some @toriless mentioned in a comment earlier. i haven't gone over any of them yet so i myself cant comment on them. sorry. here are some more heaters that should work besides the aquatop (fully submersible 15 watt shatterproof 77 degree preset) $15, nat geo and aqueon mini heater (fully submersible 10-watt - preset temperature, shatterproof) $12. most offer no thermal protection and must be unplugged during water changes. "hydor slim heater for bettas, bowls and aquariums" 7.5 watts - goes in the substrate - less then 1/4" thick - place it were you do not want plants root. pre-set temperature (probably 78 f but expect the actual temperature to be closer to 79 f in a tank the size of the ecoqube c) no claim about being shatter proof, since you are not supoose to remove all the water at once the heater will still be submerged during water changes but it has no thermal protection built in - $11.25 (1 year warranty) hydor theo heater, 25 watts, automatically turns off if water level declines, adjustable temperature, submersible, "shatterproof" glass, biggest option at 7 inches long , 1" round - for some reason it priced at $21 but the list price is only $17.99 (2 year warranty) neo-therm heater, 25 watt, fully submersible, semi-flat design (1/3- 1" thick, 2" wide but 6 1/2" long so just makes it), thermal protection for water changes, one of the few option for those that want thermal control (66 - 96 f within 1/2 degree) but also the most expensive option at around $50 only model with a temperature display but then it will be hidden or you may have an issue with the cord if placed inside the tank. 3 year warranty cobalt aquatics easy-therm, 25 watts, fully submersible, shatterproof, 2 f water temperature accuracy (tested), huge 64°f to 97°f temperature range, semi-flat design (1/3- 1" thick, 2" wide but 6 1/2" long so just makes it) - much cheaper then the similar neo-therm (same 3 year warranty) at a more reasonable $31 mini-therm heater - cobalt aquatics - 10 watts, fully submersible, round 1"x1" x 5" long, shatterproof design, it will need unplugging during wate changes - $12.34 mini-therm heater - cobalt aquatics - 5 watts, fully submersible, round 1"x1" x 5" long, shatterproof design, it will need unplugging during wate changes - $22.94 ($13.94 + s&h at dr. foster and smith) fluval marina submersible heater for aquarium - 25 watts (a bit much so place it in the filter area) impact-resistant glass - not shtterproof, length 6", only model i have seen where you can adjust the temperature that still fits, it will need unplugging during wate changes - $14.98 marina c10 - 10 watts, fully submersible, preset to 78 f, square 4 5/8" (long) x 3/4" x 1", msde of polymer but apparently can still be shattered, it will need unplugging during wate changes - $15.04
thanks for the answers everybody! now.. does anyone have any heater recommendations? all the ones i see are either too big, or don't have an automatic turn off function when desired temps are reached. welp.
can we add on the uv filter and the heater if we did not originally order it?
broken still for a whole month. it took them a month to respond (they were awsome once i got a hold of them) and they sent me a new power chord. my ecoqube has never been turned on. my plant is dead. my fish is dead. my ecoqube is one big grave. its the place things go to die. at night i can see ghosts of mister squishy the fishy floating above the broken cube. i will say good on them for sending me some fish food. it has kept mister squishy at bay but who knows for how long.
new "how to set it up" video is now live! check it out! https://youtu.be/i_6w0afxloa
new unboxing view is now live! check it out! https://youtu.be/jkgxio7aszk
@muneeb - i have been having the same issue.  are you using the 7 hour timer function?  i have found that i can get the lights to turn on again with the remote if i hold down the 7 hour timer button again.  i haven't figured out if the timer function allows you to turn on lights outside of the "timed on" function. for example, i set the 7 hour timer to operate during the day.  later that night (when the lights have already timed off) i turn on the blue only lights for night time, will the 7 hour timer resume operation as normal the next day?  i will need to play around with it some more.
@muneeb arain not exactly that same issue but while trying to learn how the remote works i had to power cycle a few times because it would just stop responding to inputs. weird side note and not adi's fault but my tv remote will also control my ecoqube. lol
anybody else's led remote stop working after certain hours of inactivity? for example, if you sleep overnight and wake up the next day and try to turn on the light with the remote, the ecoqube won't respond. the only fix i have for this is just unplugging and replugging the light back in each time. then the remote seems to works. seems like too much of a hassle though as it makes the remote somewhat irrelevant. or am i the only one with this issue?
so after a week my seeds are over 0.5" tall, the water is clear, and i want my life stock. i have a nasty film catching up on the inlet screen on the right side of the tank.  i wonder what that is from? the thing that i am upset about it the lack of instruction of what to expect with the fish tank.  there is no detail documentation in terms of a manual.  i am a total novice with aquariums so getting this ecoqube was in my mind a good way to take a first plunge.  the faq is okay, but adi should have had a day 1, day 7 , day 30 etc, "what to expect" document that gave us some idea if we were on the right track. maybe i am just venting, but i sure think this roll-out could have been much smoother.
still waiting to get mine. to be honest i do not understand the lack of speed of their fullfillment center. fullfilling orders by shipping packages is no "rocket science".
sixsixty, thanks. i do have the uv option. i'll try that with suction cups. so i know the heater operating temp is pretty low but i've still wondered if the heater in direct contact with something would be good for whatever it ends up resting on in free float.
scott, you might have the uv option which would be the wire already in the slot. i opted for the uv option and the heater. for my tank i was able to remove the suction on the heater and slide it in with a little wiggle room. then with the wires and the slot, i put the heater wire in first, then just on top of that put the uv wire. it fit with no extra room, and the lid is able to fit on top with out any problems.
@imran i had not seen that video before today on the remote. thanks for the link to that one. on the heater subject though i have seen that guide but two things to note. first there is something in the way when i slid the heater in there. i could probably force it in but i doubt it's good to wedge something against the heater. second the wire slot they say to use has a wire in it and there is not room for a second wire.
i got too worried about my sponge disintegrating (it was totally turning black!) so i swapped it out for some basil seeds in rockwool.
my ecoqube is running well- have experienced the warping, but hasn't effected it in a huge way. my sponge isn't radically shrinking, but has compacted a little at the bottom. some dark coloration in areas of the sponge too. main concern/notice is that despite using filtered water and the water being crystal clear for the first week or so, the water has become very cloudy without anything else being introduced. i'm thinking it's coming from the sponge disintegrating a little. anyone else experience/fix this? for note: i put the basil seeds on the top surface of the white sponge when i set it up. i have nice growth with them, but they do not seem well-anchored. not sure if that matters at this stage of just sprouts, but hopefully the rooting will grow?
my sponge has decreased about 0.5" but seems to have stopped shrinking. i have had my ecocube running for a week now and i have 0.25" basil sprouts,
can someone please explain how/why some are experiencing melting sponges/growing medium? mine is fine. i'm just curious.
hi, i have still not received my ecoqube - c. please forward some details as to when can i expect to receive the same. please revert.
please feel free to private message us here on kickstarter with any questions, we are happy to answer any questions! we will be responding to all emails in the next day or two :)
mine is going ok so far - but, the growing medium melted into goo. so my poor basil plants didn't get beyond the seedling stage. but i have a lovely plant that i took a cutting off of that just loves living in water, so i have that sitting in the net pot. but it's not ideal - i would like to try basil again, but will need to somehow get growing medium appropriate for this use. any suggestions? i was very shocked at the deterioration of the growing medium - it went from "slightly shorter than it was before" to "gone" in about a week's time (i've only had the aquarium slightly more than three weeks). also - it would have been nice if the add-on thermometer was fahrenheit as well as celsius - some of us are newbies to fish and need to be able to actually read it at a glance. my only other complaint is the wobbly nature of the lights, but that's been mentioned before by others. the tank itself is quite nice, and very pretty to look at. i will be adding a heater once i get the plant situation sorted out, and then it's time for fish!
i'll be adding pictures on instagram with the hashtag #ecoqube tomorrow  if anyone wants to comment with any questions!
i keep emailing you and get no response.
shipping updates for this week: china/japan/taiwan/hong kong/korea- shipping will begin any day now from china, thank you for your patience! usa- 90% of orders have been shipped. those remaining are from late submissions on backerkit, we will be compiling these shipments this week and expect them to get them shipped the week of the 11th or 18th at the latest. canada/central america/south america international orders: expected to ship via dhl from georgia, usa the first week of january. europe/africa/middle east orders- expected to ship the first week of january from france via fed ex ground. south east asia/australia/india- shipping will resume this week from singapore, please check email for tracking information. it may end up in spam folder.
i got my ecocube but i'm missing the plants i paid extra for, anubias 3.  where should i reach out to try and get these.  they are on my packing slip but not included in the shipment.
in regards to those asking about the remote and the 1 inline button. the 1 inline button controls the uv (optional purchase, preinstalled). one click to turn it on, another click to turn on the automatic timing. the remote handles the lights on top. sidenote, my sponge is still holding, but i'm worried. so i went out and bought some rockwool and more seeds, going to grow a separate plant just in case the first doesn't make it.
@nelson reed and @scott nicholas lehner  with regards to the remote have you checked out this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch… the uv is supposed to come pre-installed and leaves just enough room for the heater. heater setup: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/57422979-how-to-set-up-your-heater for anyone else needing some basic guidance.... here is the basic setup video: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
hello, happy new year! i'm looking forward to getting shipment number. how about shipment status for japan?
still awaiting shipment numbers / delivery numbers as i havent yet received my reward?
hello, great job! what's the status for international orders (specifically, to sweden)? i haven't got any shipping updates nor tracking numbers. what's going on?
these are what i'm using since the sponge melted. http://www.wholesalesly.com/product/expanded-clay-pebbles.asp
@nelson i only have the one button. my remote is the black one with all the colors on it. i don't really get how it works so i can't really explain it but i have had to power cycle it because it has a couple times just stopped working. it feels like they should have taken a few more months of r&d to get this figured out. i'm pretty concerned about the heater right now because it's winter and my house is kept to 58-67f. i'm pretty sure the betta is a tropical fish.
my plant medium has also dissolved into nothing and i only have 2 drowning scrawny plants left :-(. if i run to the store and buy a real sponge and more seeds will that work better?
@scott i have an inline control but it looks nothing like the one they have pictured. it's a 1 button control that turns red blue or nothing. i have a separate remote that i have no clue how to run. is your inline control the one they have pictured with the the 3 buttons?
@nelson reed i'm pretty much in the same place as you but i can tell you this much. if you plug in the power to the inline switch and open the filter cover on the back. then press the button on the inline switch you should see a slight glow from the uv light at the bottom. don't ask me why the switch has three modes though. i don't know what they do.
my initial out of the box thoughts aren't very positive. first i have no clue where the uv light is that i paid extra for, very vague instructions on what i received and how to set it up. i got on and watched the videos but they don't help. the heater i paid extra for doesn't fit in the spot they show to put it in their how to section. the led light stand is the flimsiest thing i've ever seen, i'll be amazed if it lasts more than 6 months. absolutely no clue how to work the remote, again no instructions not even a video on that one. i've emailed adi with my questions and concerns and still waiting to hear back.
adi! check your email!
my sponge medium is rotted and mush. is that normal? now the basil plant is just drowning...
so i'm trying to get mine setup. i had ordered a heater add-on but it doesn't fit where they say to put it. the pump and uv light are there and it already has a cord in the cord holder they say to use and it's too small for 2 cords. the light support, like others are saying, is sloppy and i feel it won't last long before it won't stay up on its own. i finally figured out where the seeds are but i don't see any growing medium. i only got some packaging foam in the basket. if i can figure that out i can maybe start adding water to my tank for the leak test and start the plant out. my remote and uv control is not the same as in the video. the remote i figured out but it appears to lock up sometimes because it stops responding and didn't work until i power cycled the whole thing. on the uv light i'd like to know what red and blue lights mean. i can't see anything else to note right now other than i'm not liking how full your supposed to fill the tank. i want two inches of clear from the lid.
mint, there are ever varieties that grow only in water.  you need a plant that can grow roots in water and not just soils which is why basil and mint were selected and basil is prettier and smalls nicer.  mint is basically an edible weed like sorrel or blackberry plants.   i have spearmint common), chocolate mint (less likely) and orange mint (rarer) pop up in patch of my garden every year regard less of what i do to that area.  mint is good in yards for repelling rodents (any kind, including rats) so it is best planted near the house.  i make a thick (1/3 cup water to 1 cup water instead of the reverse, to protect against bacteria which need a minimal volatility, it the same reason jam last so long, not enough water to get infected easily.  germs/"bugs"/bacteria and viruses (which are completely different from each other) love warmth and water but not too much heat) mint simple syrup in big batches in use for mojitoes. some contagions are easy to control, salmonella is dormant below 40f can be easily washed ways from skin and is easily killed by heat but bacillus cereus (loves to grow in rice) when left "at room temperature" (50-120 f) breeds spores which creates enterotoxins which can not be destroyed be any reheating of the rice.  anyhow, be careful when making simple syrups and other infusions (oil/vinegar/milk). p,s, never plant oregano outside a pot or it will spread like a weed.
@jacob shettler - it's still not clear of you are the exception or i. i'm still looking for felt pads or rubber to fix the lighting design flaw.  i have just been too busy with new year fireworks and clean up, making sure my scented rose geraniums and lemon verbana get enough light to over winter for next year and they the chervil only freezes but does not frost, removing half the led christmas lights, cooking another course, etc. next, i'll look into the varieties and needs of shrimp.  i have 4 moss balls in the tank for now letting them acclimate but will probably transfer 2 to other tanks when it is ready.  i finally have some germinating seeds 1/4" tall so i programmed the timer.  still nothing much to look at yet.  i know people put bettas in such small tanks (2-3 gallon "nano" tanks are more typical) but i think only a few - several (depending on type)shrimp with a couple of moss balls would truly be happy.
hi adi. any update on australian orders please. i haven't seen a thing
a fish suggestion: one endler's livebearer. also, a related discussion: http://www.aquaticplantcentral.com/forumapc/nano-aquariums/121354-need-ideas-five-gallon-i-got.html#post860306
2016 already, but i ( international backer) still have not received anything.
@toriless just informing you i did get a tracking number from support@adiventures.freshdesk.com. and i just received mine.
anyone else receive upgraded leds? if so are the lights extremely yellow. its seems my white lights are the upgraded lights are daylight white and not cool white. its gives a bad look to the aquarium and it doesn't match the promotional material at all.
does anyone have any suggestions of another plant to try? my basil seeds sprouted but then never grew any more beyond that . would it be beneficial to buy an actual plant or try a clipping from mint instead of seeds?
got my tank all set up in my classroom. the only issue i see is the support for the light. besides that i was blown away by the quality, you can't get anything close to this quality for the price. very satisfied backer here, thanks team adi.
any news on when i will get it i was in the 59 dollars grope and live i the uk
@elaine, i think you mean 7 hours, if so then it is the top button with 7 on it. @66, it's still too early here but i'll activate it in another few hours. @russell - i never got one and i am not unique so do not expect a tracking number sdepsite claims that would occur. @jason - i may be shipped and you not know it.  they are not sending any tracking numbers.  no one who is in the last group has gotten any,
@elaine - if you ordered the remote, i believe the inline control on the cord was omitted since it would be redundant.
hi i don't know if i'm blind or something but can anyone tell me where the 7 second timer button is on the cable? thanks. also my remote isn't working. i'll try changing the battery.
shipping updates for this week: all us orders will be shipped out by tomorrow. we had an issue at our shipping center with a couple of orders, they informed us they would correct it tomorrow. north america/south america international orders: expected to ship via dhl from georgia, usa the first week of january. europe/africa/middle east orders- expected to ship the first week of january from france via fed ex ground. south east asia/australia/india- shipping will resume again next week from singapore, please check email for tracking information. china/japan/taiwan/hong kong- shipping will begin any day now from china, thank you for your patience!
hi, some positive news. i live in california (us) and received my ecoqube today with the mountain stone and origin sand. also got the remote. i assume the plants i ordered will arrive later as they mentioned before. so far i don't see any cracks, and i hope it turns out well.
i guess i'll post everyday until i get a response. us backer here, still no tracking number email, nor an email with an update. adi please update your backers with what is going on. will the remaining us orders ship anytime soon?
good news everyone. (professor farnsworth voice) i got a email back from one of the team members so i can say i may finally be helped. thank you
still waiting in australia!!! guess won't get it till 2016. hopefully sooner not later.  there goes the xmas present, but might have a bday present for the kids instead!!!
so i notice the faq says they recommend 1 betta fish. however this tank has a circulation pump and i've that the current from a pump may be counterproductive for a betta. something about how they breath. does anyone know why they suggest that fish?
still not shipped. us backer
intact* opps lol
received mine in az, us. everything intake, very pleased with it :)
i had paid shipping fee, and i am looking forward to receiving it.  when are you going to ship it to me?  how long should i wait?
i just need the power chord thats it.
day 30 still no email about replacing my chord. ive decided that every day this dosent get fixed i will post it here. all im asking is a bloody response.
held down the 7 hour timer for 3 seconds to turn on the function. not held it down all day! sorry if that was confusing.
@toriless i have the remote version. i just held down the 7 hour timer button and it's been running for 7 hours, then turns off, then turns back on the next day at the same time. repeat. so my understanding is it's a 7 hours a day timer function. don't know about the wired version, but i assume the same?
i don't want to have to do it, but i think kickstarter should be warned of adi's poor commitment to it's backers, lack of communication, and plain lies they've been feeding us. if there's a shipping issue, a unit shortage, or a manufacturing issue, let us know! i'd rather know there's a problem than be in the dark. if my order won't be shipped for another month, tell me! i'd be happier knowing about a delay than being lied to or left in the dark. come on adi, we gave you our hard earned money on the faith that you would at least be honest and keep us in the loop. you were good during the manufacturing phase, but now that units are shipping, you don't care. prove me wrong. give the last batch of us backers an update on our orders. give us an estimate. if you don't have an estimate, let us know. anything will be appreciated.
back from sg too and have not received ecoqube c.
backer from sg here. i have yet to recieve my eco cube c. however, based on recent comments by fellow sg backers, i'll continue to wait for mine to arrive :)
like others in the list, no replies and the email link you told me to send messages to bounces.  any updates on international orders? hong kong? no tracking numbers etc... please reply
here are some more heaters that should work besides the aquatop (fully submersible 15 watt shatterproof 77 degree preset)  $15, nat geo and aqueon mini heater (fully submersible 10-watt - preset temperature, shatterproof) $12.  most offer no thermal protection and must be unplugged during water changes. "hydor slim heater for bettas, bowls and aquariums" 7.5 watts - goes in the substrate - less then 1/4" thick - place it were you do not want plants root. pre-set temperature (probably 78 f but expect the actual temperature to be closer to 79 f in a tank the size of the ecoqube c)  no claim about being shatter proof, since you are not supoose to remove all the water at once the heater will still be submerged during water changes but it has no thermal protection built in  - $11.25  (1 year warranty) hydor theo heater, 25 watts, automatically turns off if water level declines, adjustable temperature, submersible, "shatterproof" glass, biggest option at 7 inches long , 1" round - for some reason it priced at $21 but the list price is only $17.99 (2 year warranty) neo-therm heater, 25 watt, fully submersible, semi-flat design (1/3- 1" thick, 2" wide but 6 1/2" long so just makes it), thermal protection for water changes, one of the few option for those that want thermal control (66 - 96 f within 1/2 degree) but also the most expensive option at around $50  only model with a temperature display but then it will be hidden or you may have an issue with the cord if placed inside the tank.  3 year warranty cobalt aquatics easy-therm, 25 watts, fully submersible, shatterproof, 2 f water temperature accuracy (tested), huge 64°f to 97°f temperature range, semi-flat design (1/3- 1" thick, 2" wide but 6 1/2" long so just makes it) - much cheaper then the similar neo-therm (same 3 year warranty) at a more reasonable $31 mini-therm heater - cobalt aquatics - 10 watts, fully submersible, round 1"x1" x 5" long, shatterproof design, it will need unplugging during wate changes  - $12.34 mini-therm heater - cobalt aquatics - 5 watts, fully submersible, round 1"x1" x 5" long, shatterproof design, it will need unplugging during wate changes  - $22.94 ($13.94 + s&h at dr. foster and smith) fluval marina submersible heater for aquarium - 25 watts (a bit much so place it in the filter area)  impact-resistant glass - not shtterproof, length 6", only model i have seen where you can adjust the temperature that still fits, it will need unplugging during wate changes - $14.98 marina c10 - 10 watts, fully submersible, preset to 78 f, square 4 5/8" (long) x 3/4" x 1", msde of polymer but apparently can still be shattered, it will need unplugging during wate changes  - $15.04
yeah, i opened min up and quickly saw the design flaw the makes the light unstable.  only the right side is secured.  the left side (where the power runs up) is 100% dangling loose and wobbling around.  it is not even shimmed to stop ti from swaying back and forth,  they bothered putting little tabs on all their part but then have a significant structural issue unfixed.  seem like messed up priorities to me.  it likely the light will eventually just fall down all the time and never remain lifted.  i simple u shaped piece of rubber would have solved it without interfering with the electrical line for the light and pump.
sixsixty - how did you get a clock to work?????  mine only has 7 hours countdown timer.
why have there been no updates on the remaining us orders? i still do not have a tracking number. i've emailed you, tweeted you, commented on facebook all to no avail. please update me and the rest of the us backers who still don't have an ecoqube c.
a quick update for european/africa orders- our shipping center in france is on holiday until after new years, so we expect them to start shipping next week instead. we apologize for the delay and the confusion. we thank you for your patience! -team adi
brit here also, still no reward or email :( this started very well, but i'm starting to lose patience - not that i'm too worried, went from finely built american artisan nano aquarium to basically the standard made in china perspex box that my lfs sells. i paid for the brighter leds but i've already resigned tot he fact i'll probably just receive normal. at this point i'll just be happy to to have something.
to that person who told me to email. i have. atleast once a week. and no response
@nick martin, brit waiting for delivery here too. not had a despatch email yet too.
one more update, the flat black plastic cover that sits on top in the back of the ecoqube that covers the filter area is warping. i'll have to email adi and see what they say. maybe i have the led lights set too close?
week 1 update. so the basil seeds in the white sponge are sprouting. looks like i have 2 sprouts, don't know if the rest will kick in or not (i just dumped in the whole bag, but when i added the water some of them got moved around somehow). the led lights are turning off and on with the built in timer correctly. it seems that the clock is a little off though. i originally started the timer at 9:00am and today it turned on at 8:58am. the heater is also working properly, my thermometer reads roughly 25 celsius. still don't really know how much of the beneficial bacteria to put in, so i've been putting in very small amounts. day 1 i put in less than a 1/4 of a ball, and today i put in another 1/4. i'll probably hold off on putting any more in til i can research it.
i'm in the uk & have still not received my reward - even though i was guaranteed christmas delivery! - i haven't even received a dispatch email - also promised! - has anyone in the uk received their rewards as yet? i purchased add-ons so i wonder if this is causing a delay? please could someone from adi contact me to let me know when my reward was dispatched? i've already had to go out & buy christmas gifts to replace this one, which was already purchased as a birthday present! and yes i know ks is not a store - i've backed over 600 crowd funded projects across various platforms! please advise?
when should i be able to add fish? i thought i read that i should be able to add them after the basil had grown for three weeks, but the seeds i received don't seem to be doing much, and it's been over two weeks. i have one little sprout that looks pretty weak. thoughts?
sg backers - the local distributor is 'fresh n marine aquarium'. seems like the boss is delivering the packages himself. just received x4 units this evening too. there are visible scratches on the acrylic but the unit came with basil seeds
backers in sg - they are being fulfilled by the local distributor here. i just received mine this evening. quite a fair bit of visible scratches on the acrylic surface, led light fixture is somewhat loose (but able to maintain the desired height location). going to do the water test and see if it holds up. nice compact looking unit, hopefully without any issues so i can begin to set it up and run.
i have not received my ecoqubes. my backing number is 1,241 and i am from singapore. i didnt even receive a shpping tracking number or any information.  its sad that i am able to see a local distributor to have your stocks.  but yet as a early backer i am still waiting for my shipment.
hi, i haven't received my ecoqube or any shipping notice. is that expected or should i be worried? kong
i get that with the fish and i had read that in there comments/instructions but it was supposed to come with seeds, soil, and plants (that i added) so i have nothing but water and the sand or gravel to add until they finish shipping my order.
@scott: what chris said.  it's typical to cycle an aquarium for several weeks before you add any fish to it.  i've had mine set up with some plants (still waiting on some and i'm getting one from adi as well) for almost 3 weeks now.
@ scott, you need to have the basil grown and the nitrogen cycle established with bacteria prior to putting in ur fish, hence the delay in shipping livestock.
have they said when in january the livestock will ship? i'd like to start testing my tank to see if it works or leaks but i don't know if having month old stagnant water is good for the plants and fish.
ammonia can be used directly by some underwater plants instead of nitrates but i forget which ones do that.  the basil can not do so and only removes the end product.  i'll ask the microbiologist in the family later on what those plant might be. as far as starting the tank just add 1-2 ml of something like prime.  my tap water comes from streams and is very well balances for hardness, minerals, etc. if you plan to use iron loving plant like anubias then use an iron rich substrate and not rocks or sand.  imo, the red or black flourite looks pretty good in this tank but give it a quick rinse first to avoid a cloudy tank.
vlad - adi did a previous version years before np3gp.  this is there mass production version.
walter - go to the adi website itself and ask.  i never get response from them at kickstarter but they answered my e-mail via their own web site in about 2 days.  i think they are mostly ignoring their kickstarter messages and just putting up updates.
still not arrive japanese bucker.
@vlad mikijanic - while the model you referenced serves a similar purpose, the design is totally different. the ecoqube hides the filter system on the back wall of the tank. the np3gp seems to contain the filter in the lid, resulting in the outflow poking down into the tank area. as i look at the np3gp, i would never want that unit. the ecoqube is a piece of art in comparison.
other than glass construction and volumes, aquatop's np3gb nanoponic aquarium w/ planted top, seems to be an exact duplicate of the adi design...or perhaps it's the other way around?
hi, any chance of getting shipping information for international shipments?  seems that details where locked down 4 months ago and no updates.  can someone let me know when this is due to ship/arrive?
received my unit the day before christmas. it was left in the rain & not under the awning a foot further in. other than soaked packaging, everything seems okay...i think. *question: how can i verify that i actually received the stronger leds that i ordered? i'd like to confirm that. @chris rubino, cycling is the same as in a normal nitrogen cycle. ammonia is not used by any plants, it's the nitrates that normally accumulate in an aquarium that the basil consumes.  ammonia > nitrite > nitrate is normal as soon as the biological filtration develops.
well when are they going to respond. this is getting out of hand
hmmm i just recently put a betta in and is it just me or is the water pump too strong for it? my betta hangs around the filtration -.-
yah walter, you already said that yesterday.
fucking hell god damn it. i have this broken paper weight watchjng me staring me in the eyes and mocking my god damn existance. my soul broken upon its none working motor. i contacted the makers last month when i got it. i sent them a video as requested.and they emailed me saying a replacement was coming. its been 15 buisness days. its been the whole month of december. i just need the cords thats bloody it nothing complicated. my email is wlpur582 at gmail.
@gk the white light is enough for the plant and the other colors are for cosmetic effects and to set the mood in your aquarium
hello, my ecoqube is working and i am seeing the seeds starting to sprout. is there a guide for the light colors that i should be using at different stages of a plant growth or even during a day?
says shipped on this website, but no ecoqube.  i'm beginning to think this is a scam
@chris rubino i believe the basil plant is there for it to filter the ammonia
emailed adi, but would appreciate anyone's input as well. does this tank cycle as normal (i would  be using stability with ammonia), or will that defeat the purpose of the basil?
psa: for those who needs small heater for this that is good quality i use this one http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/b008l286by… it keeps the temperature stable and it fits inside perfectly!
hello everyone, i received my eco-cube christmas eve and fingers crossed that everything stays working. i was wondering if anyone on here would be willing to provide me with some form of contact such as an email as i am new to the aqaurium world and have many questions pertaining to this specific setup. adi will most likely be too slow to answer, so if anyone is willing to help me out, i would really appreciate it.
guys. they respond better if you email them. i got my twin units last week, no add ons. one of the units were cracked and i sent them pics. they sent me a unit about a week later and now got them. add ons could be a reason why some of you don't have them yet, just ask them via email. they're based in san diego but the product ships out from ga, so i assume they hired someone to handle shipping.
toriless do you work for these people?
maz - i suspect it's add-ons that is slowing everything down.  i only order 1 add-on and i was in the last of the us groups to go out.
i'm in washington state too but i never got a notice.  i suspect yours got trapped in the snow?  no word about the last 600 us going out but i suspect that may have been done in the past few weeks since an update.
my sponge was already installed in the plastic holder with a seed packet on top.
oh yeah, i never did get an e-mail notice when it was shipped as they stated would happen.  it was sitting next to my amazon.com orders.  i thought it was a neighbors package left by mistake but the label had my name so i opened it.  i was shocked and bit relieved it was finally here despite having no warning.  it was well packed in starch peanuts, they dissolve is water.  the biotech industry uses those peanuts a lot but i rarely see them in commercial products.  i was nice touch for a "eco" product.  there was some plastic though but that was to avoid scratches or to contain the seeds.
yes, i think you put the seeds in the white sponge-like material that came with the unit.  i'm unclear if you should push them down if it the will naturally fall into an open spot. i think it is the heavy substrate and underwater plants that are being sent out later.  i prefer to pick out my plant in person since i have a decent local fish store nearby and not just petco and petsmart.
the heater was an add-on.  there are two or three name brand models small enough to fit.  the aqueon 10w is shatterproof and will not overheat if out of water during water changes and the nat geo version lack these features. it is barely over 4 inches long and cost $12 via amazon and my personal favorite to try since i use their shatterproof series in my other big tanks. the national geographic 10w runs $17 - 20 and it fits too but i do not think you can set the temperature like with the aqueon heaters and i have seen lots of comment that they tend to run too hot for many fish but have not tried them. there are also some 5 watts heaters that would fit.  this is one of the few tanks small enough that 5 watts is plenty, cobalt aquatic, for example but i can not testify on how well they work.
uh?  is "fucking hell god damn it" being "be respectful and considerate".
fucking hell god damn it. i have this broken paper weight watchjng me staring me in the eyes and mocking my god damn existance. my soul broken upon its none working motor. i contacted the makers last month when i got it. i sent them a video as requested.and they emailed me saying a replacement was coming. its been 15 buisness days. its been the whole month of december. i just need the cords thats bloody it nothing complicated. my email is wlpur582 at gmail.
i hear ya, @alien...i bought my own heater but it still worked out alright with the uv module.  i put the heater cord in first, then pushed the uv cord on top in the narrow portion of the notched relief.  it barely fits, but the cover still closes okay.  sounds like @sixsixty has the same components as you, and they managed, as well. for those that didn't order the heater ahead of time, the national geographic 10w heater fits with the uv module (i got it from petsmart).  it's a snug fit in there, but it's been keeping the temperature steady at around 78°/79°, and shuts itself off as required.  i would be cautious of using a constant on heater unless you'll be monitoring temperature closely to make sure it doesn't get too hot. as many have indicated, adi's webpage is down, but they do have some posts on their blog that covers set-up: http://adiventures.net/blogs/blog/tagged/ecoqube-c
@bz oh, i see it, unfortunately, it looks only large enough for one cord, and the uv filter is in there, which is a drag. i may be able to drill or cut another hole in there, or make the hole larger, don't know yet.
@chris there was supposed to be a more indepth set up guide for it, but their page for it is entirely empty.
@alien thanks for the response. last question, was there a pdf with additional instructions?
@chris choi it needs to be purchased separately, and my recommendation is that you get a smaller one than normal, as there are issues with space, and the one they send (though a bit overpriced) fits nicely as bz said earlier.
@bz i didn't know that! thank you for your gentlemanly assistance! i hope you have an amazing christmas!
does this come with the heater or does it need purchased seperately?
never mind, i see now that is the medium and the plants come in january.
is the plant medium the white sponge? are the anubias being shipped separately? thanks.
i haven't received mine and was wondering if i could have an update?  im in the navy so i will have to move soon.  thanks.
@alien - the heater should fit in the back reservoir.  lift the black cover up and it will fit in the rear left corner (when viewing from the front).  you'll see a notch in the wall to route the cord.  this shouldn't impact the glass cover at all.
were we supposed to get our ecocubes before christmas?
actually, after literally dumping out all the packing peanuts... soo many peanuts! i found it, and am a bit disappointed, because buying the cover is useless now, and if i was going to get one like this, i had one anyways...
which means they didn't pack my heater. gotta contact them then. *sighs*
so after setting mine up i have to question those backers who says their white sponge is dissolving. is it dissolving or did it just sink down in the tray? mine when pushed, not squashed, into the tray sits about 3/4" below the top edge.
the heater came separate for me, but it seemed pretty easy to install.
is the heater set up already if we ordered the heater, or is it separate? i kind of wish you guys had a more in-depth physical set up guide, as your webpage is blank.
i also planted the seeds into the white sponge. i'm definitely skeptical on the sponge. i might go out and buy some rockwool and more seeds as backup.
i'm in sf usa and received mine the other day. i ordered mine with the uv filter and heater. i was able to fit the heater in the slot (i removed the bottom suction cup), with the uv still in place. i ended up putting the cord for the heater in the notch first, then the cord for the uv over it and it all fit just perfect with the lid back on. so far the heater does appear to be working. at first my tank was at 20c after the fist day and now it seems to be at 25c (i'll check it again in a few days). i also go the beneficial bacteria balls, but not sure how much of it to use. seems like i need to break the balls into tiny pieces? it says 1 ball per 50l, which means i really need to break those balls down?
when will the international buyers receive the packages? i'm in hong kong and still have zero news.
i received my ecoqube. so far looks good. i received the seeds but are you suppose to put them in the white sponge or am i missing something? otherwise looks good.
rec'd mine today! packaged well, everything i asked for was included. no cracks or leaks that i can find. set it up and loving it so far!
at what point do we get worried? i pledged for the twin ecocubes, and got some add ons including the automatic feeder, and do not like how sparse all this information is
holy smokes. i finally got an email that mine had shipped. when i go look at the shipping, it says it is being shipped via ups and the estimated time to get to washington state from georgia is 14 days. holy cow. i knew ups was slow, but i didnt know they had anything typically slower than ground that is usually 5 days.
received mine last week, love it, it works and my kids love it!!! thank you.
did anyone that ordered the uv light have luck setting up a heater?  the adi video for the heater shows the cord management using the slot that's already taken up by the uv light cord. also, any recommendations for a heater?  in previous emails, they provided the specs: 10 watts height - 5.5"; length/width - 1" turns on and off by itself (turns off at 79 f°)
thank you everyone for being an amazing backer. to those helping out with some of the questions on here, we are sincerely thankful to have your support. we are working hard to get orders completed and into your hands as soon as possible. we are also working through the comments and trying to contact you directly with an individual message to better help you out. please check on your inboxes frequently as we work through the comments. again a big thank you for sticking with us as we complete the shipments.
@jon wright if you look at the "what's inside" portion on the side of the ecoqube box, it should have a check in the "led+" box under "other".  beyond that, not sure how to verify.
for those international backers talking about plant medium; from the faq: sorry the tier description was unclear but the plant medium will be included for international backers. in the case the customs in your country doesn't like it and throw it away, you can always use a regular sponge =)
still waiting for my delivery confirmation....
between you or ups you messed up my addressed and today was delivered wrong and i don't have my ecoqube. fix it or send me two more!
phabulosa - just buy a 500ml bottle of seachem's stablity of $13.52 at amazon.com (where i have been a customer for over a decade) and be done with their over price designer "bacteria".  i have use seachem products in my 4 aquariums and 1 pond without fail.  you should not have wasted your money on their shiny silver bottled over priced clone of the real item.  adi just can not compete with large companies that do nothing but nothing bit marine and freshwater supplies 24/7.  even with their led they outsourced them from ecoxotic / trulumen / current usa/,,,  i know because i use their ramp timers on all my aquariums and even used their light on custom tank i'm building for my fifth / sixth tank depending in when this product arrives.  i probably have used every timer ever made by that company.  i just wish their dual ramp marine timer 2.0 had a battery backup like their ecoxotic one so it would be the prefect aquarium timer.
russell mills - not likely, i backed this project on day 1 and have been waiting 9 1/2 month without a single e-mail from adi.
guys, i would really like an update on the remaining us kickstarter orders. december is almost over, and there are lots of us backers that still do not even have a tracking number. can we have an update please?
international backer here... i also think that i will not receive my ecoqube this year.... so sad :-(
my package does not include the beneficial bacteria. will it be shipped separately?
still haven't receive mine yet!
still have not received mine as of yet.
sometimes i dream that i will receive an ecoqube..
international backer here.. since we are not receiving the plant medium, i am wondering, what kind of medium is the plant medium? somebody know?
can someone help me out please. the filter stopped working and the plant medium is melting away!
@imran - did you say you replaced the carbon with bio media? what brand and size bag did you use?
@imran thanks for answering, a lot faster than the creators
vip backer #673. just got my ecoqubec today! no mention of the the upgraded leds i paid for on the packing slip. what's the deal here? how do i get the upgaded leds i paid for?
i sometimes imagine that their fullfillment center is  one of their grannys �
@shuhang li i believe the plant medium was only for usa backers. not sure where you are but if you're outside the states you wouldn't have received it. as for aquarium gravel, its perfectly ok to use it. just be delicate when putting it in (obviously). the black sponge is the filter media. these are just my thoughts you can confirm with adi.
also, is it ok if i add aquarium gravel into it?
so there's a white sponge in the place where i put seeds, a black sponge inside cube. is the white one medium and black one filter?
i'm curious about the medium. i have found a sponge and seeds, but not the medium. where is it?
just got an email, nobody in canada is getting the ecoqube till after christmas, so at least we all have a few days to get replacement gifts for the kids, yay.
@nick martin, there was some message earlier that said it is best to email them i think, they have more people able to respond to that. i know it sucks to have lots of channels of communication but only accessible on a few.
please could you answer my pm? i've not had a response from you from my last three messages  since you guaranteed me christmas delivery! i'm going to have to tell my son that santa's sleigh got lost in china whilst trying ti find his ecoqube - it was supposed to be his birthday gift but due to the first delay it missed that. and before you say it's not a 'store' i've backed over 600 crowd funded projects, across various platforms, so i know the drill.
please could you answer my pm? i've not had a response from you from my last three messages  since you guaranteed me christmas delivery! i'm going to have to tell my son that santa's sleigh got lost in china whilst trying ti find his ecoqube - it was supposed to be his birthday gift but due to the first delay it missed that. and before you say it's not a 'store' i've backed over 600 crowd funded projects, across various platforms, so i know the drill.
@cheng wei chiu if you're in the us then i think there was an option to add on the sand through backerkit (only shipping to usa though). if you did that then yes you should get it. its not something that is included with the rewards.
@malcolm jacks sorry but no jellyfish. you should check out: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jellyfishart/jellyfish-aquarium
just got shipping notification here too. us backer with upgraded leds and remote.
10000000000% will not support jellyfish.
i have a question for fellow backers, did yours come with the origin sand or did you have to order it?
i ordered 2 of these as christmas presents because they were supposed to ship in november. at this point i'd like the option to get my money back.
just received a shipping notification, us backer for the upgraded led w/ remote. :d
hi im in the uk and i move house in less than a month can you please tell me when to expect my qube im getting a little worried
hi, i wonder if the ecoqube-c will support gellyfish? and will jellyfish harm other fish in the tank.?
how many more months is "shortly" for my us order?  i've given up on anything this year.
@jason lol! appreciate your honesty, gave me a good laugh at least :-) still strikes me as bizarre how us backers get preferential delivery first then international backers next. most products i've backed deliver based on backer number which makes more sense. anyhow, logistically i get this isn't an easy task, so sucking it up and patiently looking fwd to receiving the cubes soon. chur from nz!!
i'm an idiot.  the connection got pulled when i swapped the heater...
and the filter died today.  only about 3 weeks into use and it's already dead.  how do i get it replaced asap?  i have a betta that i don't want to die in it.
i'm curious where my extras are that i ordered. i got the cubes but not the extras.
i'm in thailand, have you shipped the product to me yet? cuz' i've not received it yet.
i haven't received any of my four eco cubes yet. i bought many extras for one of them-mine- and the other three are christmas gifts. i know you are trying to save postage by waiting and sending them all together but it totally messed up my christmas plans. could you please send my three regular ones now? i counted on this when i ordered them. i did not know there would be a big delay because i wanted extras for mine.
was pretty surprised to see these already retailing in a store at hong kong (woaw)....
there's still several hundred ecoqubes for the us with built in features like remote control and built in stronger led lights that were delayed due to several additional steps required in quality assurance but rest assured, almost all us backers will receive their ecoqubes by the end of december. you will receive an email notification immediately after your shipping labels are created. in combination with holiday volume, our fulfillment center was much slower than anticipated. we apologize for the delays but we're working extremely hard on getting all the units out of our us fulfillment center! international fulfillment has recently just begun but fulfillment of the units should be much faster! =)
it would be helpful to have a table with shipping dates: us vs. international, just the ecoqube, and the delay for add-ons, such as led and controls. i'm in minnesota, added the stronger led and the led control, and have no idea when it will be shipped.
in nc. no cube. no shipping notice.
i'm in california and haven't receive mine yet.
i haven't gotten mine yet either! what's going on???
never received a shipping notice either.
i am in washington state..no ecoqube.
i've had the ecoqube for almost 3 weeks now.    my little plant was growing proudly until my toddler recently pulled it out of the qube and killed it.   what can i put in it's stead? since my fish will be delivered sooner than later i'd love to know what i can replace it with that i can buy already sprouted from a nursery or aquarium supply shop.   obviously i will be finding a new spot to keep my ecoqube away from little hands from now on.
hey guys, proud supporter here, but i'm a little bummed that international orders are shipping out but i haven't got mine and i live here in sunny san diego! still happy to be a supporter though!
i'm in us and haven't received any notifications yet :(
that marina betta heater looks iffy. there's no controls on it and it's always on. reports of 2 gallon tanks getting too hot (the ecocube is 1.8 gallons). make sure you have a thermometer before putting anything in the tank.
got my shipping notice today too!!
cool @mark - i am backer #110 and same here i got my shipping notice today!
backer #109 here and my qube is finally shipping today, yipee!!!!  i owned an organic herb farm back in my younger days and plan on using a dwarf variety of basil plants with this unit.  i believe this choice of plant will be better suited for this compact cube.
also not even one information about shipping..... seems like christmas in germany will happen without the cube :-(
i just received my two ecocubes in the mail yesterday. i plan on setting them up in my classroom after christmas break, so i can't speak to how they function yet. i can say that i was very impressed by the build quality, they look a lot more expensive than the price. so far, so good, thanks adi!
i sent an email on friday and still no reponse. i ordered the ecocube c complete early bird special with uv light but it was delivered without the light.
@dodge i have the marina betta heater 8w size. it fits and lid closes all the way
i ordered two with uv, upgraded lights, and remotes and covers. have not received it
just out of curiosity has anyone who ordered the upgraded leds and remote control received theirs yet?
i am backer #263. still hav'nt received my cube. but i got an response on one of my emails. 4 of december i got a mail saying summarized: europeans backer will recieve their cubes from france. the shipment to france should arrived 4-10 december. and from france it would take 1-3 weeks before it would arrive norway(my country :) )
no update on the shipment yet. pls respond
i'm in hong kong. no ecoqube in sight. i was hoping to receive it by x'mas. now it looks like i'm in santa's bad kid list
turns out i got a broken a/c adapter... that explains the rattling.
i received mine today and it won't even turn on... any suggestions? yes it's plugged in.
for all the people freaking out i am backer #357. and i still haven't received mine!!
i put in an aqueon mini heater (model# 06194).  the only drawback is that you can't close the lid with the heater in the tank.
what heater is best suited for this?
thanks for the idea, imran.  after the heater brought the temperature up to about 76 he started swimming much more happily.  i'll give it a couple of days before i do anything with the filter to see if this was enough.
still waiting... what was the point of pledging? if you've delayed it this long?
nothing here (spain)
@jason you could stick a little piece of sponge/foam in front of it to dampen the current.
is there any way to lower the power of the filter?  my betta, which i put in 2 days ago, was great the first day.  i had the water tested and it's perfect and i just put in a thermometer and heater to make sure the temperature is right but he can't handle the suction of the filter.  he just keeps floating to the intakes and staying there.  i'm told that bettas like little to no current at all and the filter on this is just too strong for one.
nothing here (uk) quite disappointed by this to be honest.
no ecoqube here yet. i live in germany. any other european backers who recieved their tank?
i am having the same problem as brandon below, any advise on what to do about it??? (brandon barrera 3 days ago a couple of issues. the plant medium is starting to melt. literally it is sinking down and taking the plant with it. also the black plastic that covers the filtration is bowing up so it no longer sits flush. the top clear plastic bracket that keeps the cube together is also now bowing up in the back which makes it contact the glass cover so the glass cover is sitting uneven...)
the inside of the walls seem really reflective, is that going to make a betta fish think their reflection is another fish and freak out?
put them all in and trim as needed. basil seeds are hella cheap
it's pretty standard to put a few in and trim in case all the seeds don't germinate.
i just put one seed it. why would you put more than one?
does anyone have any recommendations for how many basil plants to let grow?  it looks like all the seeds i put in are going to sprout, so once they get bigger, i'll have to thin things out.
dear imran, many thanks for you considered reply to my questions, shall be intouch after receiving my ecoqube-c.
@malcolm jacks it all depends on the level of copper dissolved in the water, how corroded the copper will get over time and ultimately its toxicity. this link should be helpful: http://www.health.state.mn.us/divs/eh/water/factsheet/com/copper.html also here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copper_toxicity#drinking_water you should be ok! but you can have your water tested by taking a sample to most pet/fish shops or pick up a test kit yourself. if you ever need any more aquarium help you can contact me here: aquariumenthusiast.com feel free to join in and share your ecoqube c adventure.
in the uk, still no tracking info. guess it won't arrive before my office closes for christmas... which sucks.
dear imran, many thanks for your instructive comments on my copper idea, would you know if my using it in my bita water filter can have any harmful effects on humans? thank you malcolm jacks.
@malcolm jacks copper is incredibly toxic to invertebrates, including freshwater shrimp, crays, crabs, and snails. although residue from copper pipes can be dissipated with water changes even small amounts of copper can adversely affect the water quality, plants and the beneficial bacteria and considering the size of the ecoqube c it may be best to avoid it. generally metal should be avoided in aquariums as it will corrode over time. however in a larger tank you should be fine with a little copper to combat algae as long as you only plan to keep fish and nothing else ever. i say ever because the copper ions leached into the water will be absorbed by the silicone sealant and slowly leach back into the water.
i saw a programme a while ago that copper kills bacteria, i got algea in my brita water filter probably from the sunlight, i started putting some copper wire in my brita water filter  and have  for about 6months now and have had no more algea. i dont know if copper would affect the fish though. malcolm jacks.
greetings from singapore. still waiting. :(
i received my cube but am confused because i feel like i'm missing things. i've got a cube, the light, and in the basket theres a white sponge. i've not got anything else - shouldn't there be seeds or something else?
@cynthia thank you for the response.  i live in california, plenty of warmth here generally here, as well as sunshine. i'll continue waiting. just want to make sure i planted it right, as there's been no change for a while now.
@adam basil prefers warm weather and plenty of light. if you have your ecoqube in a cooler location, the growth will be slower.
a couple of issues. the plant medium is starting to melt. literally it is sinking down and taking the plant with it. also the black plastic that covers the filtration is bowing up so it no longer sits flush. the top clear plastic bracket that keeps the cube together is also now bowing up in the back which makes it contact the glass cover so the glass cover is sitting uneven...
btw backer number is 5.055
hello! can you please tell me when my ecocube will arrive? i'm still waiting and it seems like it's been ages... do you know something? i actually wanted it for christmas... please contact me!
are there better instructions for the ecocube light anywhere? i would like the option to set the grow leds to go on/off automatically every 7 hours, but for the colored leds to be on all the time. it seems that, if i set the 7 hour timer, everything goes off. when they come back on, they're set in a different mode. kind of weird. can i get more detail around how the lighting is supposed to work, please? thanks!
@jrkottom  i'm in the exact same position.  it's stuck at like 1inch tall for weeks now.  wish the creators would update us on more precised instructions.
hi guys, it may sound strange but.... may i ask you to postpone shipping of my pledge after christmas or better after 10th of january? i always loose some parcels in this period because of christmas gifts shipping burden, and would like to minimize risks, even if this would require to wait a little bit more. thankyou
to all international vip backers who asked. you won't have received your qube yet because they are not sending out our qubes until they have fulfilled all of the domestic ones.  @creator adi have not given any reasons for this, have you?.  as @logan said internationals should have been sent out first.  as @johno said, they aren't actually handling the fulfilment.  why can't they just let the international vip backers know why they have been forsaken?  my qube is currently 4 months late.
@charles:  yeah, absolutely get it away from the window.  adi specifically recommended that the ecoqubes be placed in someplace where sunlight can't get to them, as it can cause exactly that.  once you give it a good scrubbing and change its location to somewhere away from a window, you should be good to go.
@charles definitely due to the window! if the tank is getting hit with sunlight, that'll cause/speed up algae growth. will also case temperature fluctuations which is no good for any aquarium.
anyone from australia received theirs yet? getting jealous and annoyed waiting!!!!
my plants and tank are getting algae. not sure if i should change to ro/di water or if it's cause its by a window. anyone got suggestions?
wish they messed up on my reward... :) who doesn't like free stuff!
so adi finally got back to my email about the led upgrade and remote. seems the upgraded led models weren't even shipped nor were the remotes.....needless to say they will be sending me the correct qubes once they arrive and as an apology (plus it's probably cheaper for them to return my current ones) they said i can keep the one's i have with the incorrect hardware.
has anybody gotten a plant to grow? i planted mine about three weeks ago and i have a 1/2 inch little sprout growing. i wish the creators had spent a little more time preparing advice and suggestions for their product rather than marketing more units. i found the overall lack of information for their product disappointing.
international backer, canada to be precise... just wondering if we will be receiving out qubes before christmas? i will be very embarrassed if i have to explain to my mom why she didn't get a christmas present this year. considering these were meant to be shipped in november, and the campaign seemed to be running smoothly, i didn't think this would be an issue. in hindsight, international shipments should have been shipped first since they did not include seeds, medium(soil), or any live stock. technically our qubes have been ready to ship since the factory. logistically it would have made more sense to send out the internationals while the domestics were being sorted out.
the three types of filter media are: mechanical biological chemical activated carbon comes under chemical. biological media on the other hand is anything inert that provides housing for beneficial bacteria. beneficial bacteria helps break down dissolved solids to a less toxic form.
@imran thank you for your detailed response. i was trying to do some research since i'm completely new to aquariums and they call this the "biological media" if i'm not mistaken. i appreciate your help!
the bag is a porous mesh bag which will allow the water to flow through so leave the carbon in it.
@mike saad and jeff dewolfe the stuff in the little bag is activated carbon. it should be kept in the filtration compartment. i don't think they had originally planned to give this as the whole concept of this tank and aquaponics  revolves around using the plant for filtration which in turn gets nutrients from the water through fish waste. sort of like a fertilizer. it's like a symbiotic relationship. activated carbon is used as a chemical filtration media. it helps to remove lots of organic and inorganic materials dissolved in water, keeping it clear and odorless. if you have any more questions you can contact me through here: aquariumenthusiast.com
trying to request a refund from these guys, since my product hasn't been delivered and honestly i don't even want it anymore. still no answer, these guys definitely have great customer support team. even for a 'small' team, they aren't handling the fulfillment, their fulfilment center is handing their shipping... so explain what these guys are doing day in and day out, and not answering their customers questions since we have been loyal in this kickstarter since the beginning... their treatment is the reason this kickstarter is crap.
i received two ecoqube c today, i checked both of them and they are working properly. one of them has a broken piece of plastic in the back-top section that i thought it wont worth for return and i glued them together. overall everything is seems ok but i have a question : i know you guys will send live stock after a month but i had other accessories (rock, sand, fish food and screen cleaner) that were not in box. should i expect them by different delivery or with the live stock (my case plant)?
where does the biological media go? does it stay in the zipper pouch jammed down in the back? also, i found 2 broken plastic pieces under the bag. don't see where they may have came from. maybe just something from manufacturing? your instructions on how to setup the aquarium are very poor for first time people.
i received a severly damaged ecoqube c and started a ticket with adiventures.com. i have not heard anything back yet on getting a replacement. please see ticket #1090.
when is delivery to hong kong?
what is the little black zip up bag that comes inside the filter system and contains little black bead like rocks. should i keep that in there, or is that supposed to go on the bed of the qube? anyone...
@sean you can get your backer number by going to your 'backed projects' list and selecting the desired project, in this case the ecoqube c. the backer number is displayed on the screen that comes up.
when are u guys going to send out a replacement for my broken ecopaper weight? been waiting a week now and havent been contacted. here ill make it easy my email is wlpur582@gmail.com.
is the plant medium the white sponge looking thing in the basket, or is there supposed to be a loose media that we add?
@joey santana:  please look at this company's previous kickstarter campaign.  the "c" in ecoqube c stands for "compact", meaning it is intended to be small.  their first kickstarter campaign was for a larger version.  if you were after the original ecoqube, you can probably purchase one from their website.  in the future, you may want to do a little research before complaining.
now i'm starting to wonder if us south east asian backers will be able to receive it by this year...
"it was not our intention offend any of our community members" - a bit freakin' late for that guys. talk about a kick in the starter, i mean butt.  still haven't received mine as of yet.  if it turns up damaged, i'm gonna be mega pi$$ed
https://youtu.be/o60kcsqffqa this is my broken ecoqube that u guys requested a video of. i took the papers out of my paper weight. to bad they got all wet. didnt think that would happen
i've had my ecoqube for about two weeks now it works perfect and looks amazing but when it's time to introduce fish there's not many options i love the product but maybe try to make one a little bit bigger
@tiffany fordyce.... correct me if i am reading the @creator's reply wrong. to paraphrase, their message to you says "thanks for your 2 cents and the rest of the money you backed us with. here's what happened, we did give indiegogo buyers a better deal. oh well, sucks for you. if anybody else asks, we'll tell them the same thing. i hope you understand." reminds me of the old saying that a good salesman can tell their customer to go to hell. and have them looking forward to the trip. lol
kinda sucks that they (the indiegogo people) will have to wait less, and will get it for less than we will. considering the risk we are shouldering. oh well.
i sent my comment from three days ago as an email to @creator at the same time that i posted the comment.  this was regarding the indiegogo campaign and the conflicting information and lower pricing they were receiving.  this is the response i got: . "hey tiffany, this is kevin, creator of the ecoqube. thanks so much for going out of your way to provide us with your feedback and being part of this incredible journey with us. your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we really appreciate it. i'd be more than willing to address the issue individually to the backers who are concerned about the sale we're running on indiegogo for $10 lower than kickstarter ($8 after shipping is calculated). as i'm sure you understand as a backer of many campaigns, the community is extremely important to us which is why i'm sending you this personal message. it was not our intention offend any of our community members, we just wanted to run a short sale for the holidays but realized later it could be disrespectful to our early supporters. i sincerely apologize for that and our team will message the other community members regarding this as well. hope this helps clarify our thinking process behind the sale. best, kevin" . take from it what you will.
@leland my plant medium and seeds were in the little basket where the medium and the seeds go. the seeds are in a little plastic baggie. the medium is already in the basket just put the seeds in the little basket and add water and you are ready to go .
for those who have received their ecoqubes as well as the plant medium and seeds: where was the medium and the seeds? was it just in the tank when it arrived? was it in a separate package of some sort? i was supposed to receive them, but i only received the actual tank. i've already emailed the adi team, but figured i'd ask to see if i'm just completely missing it.
for people that have their ecoqube's, is anyone else's pump letting out a sputtering noise and shooting out bubbles? mine's doing this quite a bit, and it'll start after a few minutes of on time. it's not disrupting anything but the noise is louder than my 40 gallon overhang filter right next to this little tank.
hey guys, thanks for the update. i don't mind waiting. if others really want their ecocube c right away, feel free to put me to the back of the queue. all best mark
backer #183, still waiting... no shipping info, no nothing :-(
hi @creator - sorry to bother you guys, vip backer here, not sure where to get my backer number from. just getting slightly worried as you've now said you've shipped out over 2000 units and i've heard nothing at all in regards to a shipping advice or indication and the vip units were supposed to be the first 599? i'm international so i assume that does make a difference, but i was hoping you might be able to give me an indication of where i am in the queue :) i did order a couple of addons, but nothing that was going to cause the 'qube to be delayed. i'm not sure if mine is being held off regardless until those addons are available so they are all shipped in one lot?
backer# 2.153  neither an ecocube, nor even a shipping info. something wrong? should i start to worry?
@walter, are you saying it doesn't work? did you plug it in? also, if you store papers in it, won't they get wet? other than it not working, what do you think about the product? j/k. your sarcasm motivated me to provide some of my own. on to a question for the @creator... are there any plants that would thrive on salt or brackish water that could be grown in the planter? and if there are, would the ecoqube function properly with saltwater. specifically, i am thinking about putting a couple of tiny puffer fish in the tank. what are your thoughts?
@walter, thanks for letting us know. if you simply send us a short video of you plugging it in, we'll send you a replacement immediately. sounds like your power supply may be malfunctioning. you can send it to info at adiventures dot net. we'd be happy to help.
broken!!!!!!! i got mine yesterday and the nothing works. its a great quality plastic paperweight fantastic for you to store your papers inside because my motor and led dont work out of the box. wont turn on at all and never did. im still waiting to hear from the owners. maybe i can just blow into a straw and pretend the motor turned on and turn a led on over my head cause out of the box it never turned on and has not worked.
since international order does not included the seeds, which kinds of plants you suggest for our qube c?
hey everyone! check out the newest update we just posted and the comment we left below! most questions should be answered in there. in case we missed anything, feel free to message us at info at adiventures dot net and our awesome community support team will get right back to ya! =) here's the update! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1434328
when am i getting mine.. it has been forever since i donated
my backer # 5131
i didn't get any shipping info until today. could you check for me?
just got my ecoqube and set it up in my classroom, it looks awesome and the students are excited to see life in it soon! as i was setting it up i did not see any seeds or medium in the box. i understand it was included: "(plant medium with seeds included inside)" is possible i can get some shipped? thanks george
adi wrote this about livestock orders in one of their updates.  "all livestock orders (fish, shrimp, snails, aquatic plants) will be shipped ~1 month after your ecoqubes arrive directly from our san diego hq! shipping can stress out livestock so we want to make sure we allow sufficient time for your ecoqube ecosystems to mature before they arrive to their new homes."
@chris rubino, i didn't get mine, i received shipping information for something else when i made that post. i can't delete that comment made in error.
i ordered water plant with my ecoqube. i was told it would be shipped with the tank but i'm not seeing it. can you post something about that please?
@creator:  i'm well aware that you're busy and don't have time to read all of the kickstarter comments; however, i think you should address publicly to your kickstarter backers why your indiegogo campaign backers are being told contradictory information and receiving better prices than the kickstarter backers who made it possible for you to even get that far.  there are a lot of complaints in the kickstarter comments about this issue, and your most recent response to the comments did not address this at all.  this is something that is very important to your future in crowdfunding, as it speaks strongly to your integrity.
got my ecoqube last night. it looks great! can't wait to get it setup. the plant medium though inculuded looks useless. it's much shorter than the basket and i will have to change it out to get the 1 inch plant even visible. seems wasteful to even put it in the box if it's not useable. i don't mind cutting a new sponge, i just hate having to put the one sent into a landfill. otherwise i'm excited to go fish shopping with my kid soon!
so when will plants ordered arrive? kevin land from your team told me everything shipped together, but i did not receive  the extra plants i ordered.
nice work guys! keep it up.
due to the shear volume of people and our very small team, it's nearly impossible for us to go through every comment on twitter, fb, instagram, or even here to make sure they're responded to. however, we work extremely hard 24/7 to answer all messages coming into info at adiventures.net. please feel free to message us there at any time with your questions! =) it makes it much easier for us to make sure you're all 100% taken care of.
now none of this could justify the fact that we promised a shipment date and we're late. there's no excuse for that and we take full responsibility. all of you will receive a small gift from us in the near future as an apology from us ;) we just wanted to write this message to provide you all with a perspective into where we are today because you all have been so understanding and supportive throughout this life-changing journey. although these last units are taking extra time, we know it's worth it as all the details really add up to make the ecoqube the best product possible. you can see all the work, extra time and money we spent to make the details of the ecoqube better here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1302384 best, kevin, eric, ryan, matt and team adi
our ratio of full time team members to backers here at adi is ~1 to 2000 and we've honestly done everything within our power to finish the ecoqubes on time (we're really really sorry there has been delays, especially for vip backers) but after we performed quality assurance and shipped it out of our factory, we entrusted new partners to help us handle this massive volume of shipments we've never done before. we're doing everything we can to expedite the process but it is honestly not in our control. all the ecoqubes have been manufactured and shipped to our fulfillment centers and we anticipate all units to be shipped out in the next 3-6 weeks. at the same time, we're extremely proud of what our small team and awesome partners have accomplished so far: completed manufacturing of 7000 units. only 2 units reported to be a manufacturing defect so far. less than 25 shipments (around 2%) reported issues (these are immediately replaced if we receive a photo) we've shipped 1/3rd of all our orders on time despite 10x increase in anticipated volume. in the last 20 days, 93% of the thousands of messages we received were responded to within 1 business day. if we don't respond within 2 business days, it may have gone to spam or we may have missed it (so sorry!) please just send us a quick reminder. feedback we've received from hundreds of you who have received your ecoqubes have been exceptional, some of them were touching (story with kids). check out the ecoqube c setup by one of our original backers: imgur.com/kee6pry you can see more super awesome setups if you search ecoqube ecoqubec and ecocube on instagram!
@imran, thanks a ton for the awesome help and positivity =) expect a thank you message from us soon ;) @kathryn, you will get a new one =) just send us a quick message with photo of the scratches attached so we can make sure to figure out where that may have happened and make sure it is fixed for good =) @sheena, basil in our experience has always been the best filtration plant! @all backers, thank you all for being the most incredible people thus far. helping us blow past our goal by 2500%, manufacturing 7000 units, building a team, partnering with fulfillment centers to ship thousands of ecoqubes all over the world, and receiving feedback from hundreds of you on a daily basis has truly been one of the most rewarding and best learning experiences of our lives. as you can imagine, it's also been one of the most overwhelming experiences we've ever had. even the most successful campaigns ever are having trouble manufacturing their product: http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/nov/19/trouble-kickstarter-massive-projects-hit-rocks-coolest-zano
backer 6145 did not get his ecoqube. that backer number was for another campaign he states
i just got my cube in the mail so thats nice, but its scratched all over the the top and on the sides too, so that kinda sucks. i mean, the project creators took so long to ship these out that the least they could have done was be a little more careful. i guess you guys were too busy with your indiegogo campaign to care about your kickstarter campaign.
@matthew martin ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature.backerkit.com
where is the site where i can find out what i ordered in addition to the eco cube? i got cube today, but want to see what i am still waiting for.
any suggestions for what kind of seeds to buy for the filtering plant?  i'm a canadian backer so i won't be getting the seeds and medium with my shipment, and i wanted to buy the seeds before hand. i was thinking of a miniature pepper plant or something?
still waiting for the product. supposed to get them in nov.
backer #2910... still waiting for any indication of shipping.    would be nice to get before christmas...
backer #6145 has already gotten shipment, here i am backer 2232 and still waiting.
vip backer #654 here.  totally disgusted with the treatment by adi. we were supposed to be receiving our qubes in august. i waited patiently when you changed your 'all american build' into a chinese one after the close of the kickstarter (sneaky) and made everything longer.  then i sent a couple of emails met with generic (not answering the question) answers, which was pretty bad. it also now looks like you are sending off all domestic orders before the vips?! you should have sent the vip qubes first regardless of where the backer is based. to make it worse, you don't even have to nerve to answer anyone's question as to when/if you will get round to sending international backers their qubes, vip or otherwise. then you start an indiegogo campaign offering better deals! lovely! very bad show adi, if i ever get my qube i doubt i'll be recommending you to anyone. to be honest, i'm starting to doubt i'll ever get mine :(
*...in this case the ecoq....
crap, i'm backer #5xxx plus. guess mine would be in time for christmas 2016! :d
i am backer  #1241 when will my 2 tanks be ship?
@me go to your backed projects page and click the project you want to see, in this the ecoqube c, you'll see the backer number under the project name: http://i.imgur.com/lmjn4js.png
just me or... their fulfillment center is whack? and super slow?
nevermind figured it out
how do you find out what backer number you are?
when do we get the livestock and plants we ordered? my ecoqube c arrived a week or so ago without them.
wishful thinking... vip backer #20 with upgraded leds... was promised that i'd get a tracking number by the end of last week... that has come and gone with no response from their e-mail or ks e-mail message.
my mistake, wishful thinking it was another package coming out of georgia. i shouldn't have gotten my hopes up. i don't understand how a fulfillment center can only handle 200 packages a day.  25 an hour? even if they only have two people doing it they should be able to do more than that. am i missing something?
i've had mine for about a week (in texas) and i've got 3 sprouts in the filter.  i'm looking forward to adding a fish in a couple of weeks.
backer #6145 just received shipping information, should be here tomorrow.  florida.
i ordered 2 remote controls by accident! can you send me something else instead of the 2nd remote!?!?
could you send out shipping information? i'm backer 992 just wondering. thanks
german backer here, i still waiting for my eco cube...
just got a response "i am working with the team to have a way to easily tell which led light you receive. we will be sure to have it in a new comment or update once we can provide a good comparison. please let us know if you have any questions about anything. and feel free to email us at info@adiventures.net and we can personally look into any issues for you"
@creator please for the love of god address the difference in the leds. how are we going to know if we received upgraded lights?
canadian backer here. lack of shipment information for non-us backers is really concerning, especially seeing all the questions below. as a ks creator myself i'd find such non-responsiveness unacceptable. would be great to hear from creators!
still waiting for mine to be delivered to new jersey, bought this as a present and i'm wondering now will it ever show up?
well it seems like indiegogo backers get more love than us, which is really sad. californian here and still no update on when it'll be shipped out (twin bundle) or if it already shipped out.
i've been pretty happy with kickstarter projects in the past and this was shaping up to be a very good one as well. but i must say the experience has soured. first i added on upgrades to my 2 unit pledge. the higher powered led, heater, and light remote. luckily i received my units fairly timely, but the remotes are missing and i'm pretty confident the led is the standard led and not higher powered. i emailed adi the day they arrived, no reply, left multiple comments, no comments, finally got a pm from adi saying to email, instead of just answering the simple questions, where are the remotes (since others report them missing as well) and how does one tell if the led is upgraded or standard (should be able to tell me the led number of numbers on the led to check. instead of told to email again, which i do and get a auto response that i'll hear back in 24 hours, guess what it's been days now. and to top it off i see all these comments about how indigogo folks are getting better deals and being told different pricing then the ks campaign. adi needs to address these comments, you are falling into what keeps many people away from kickstarter.....
any news on the timeline for international backer shipping?
just got mine in texas! looks really well put together!
vip backer from norway here.. could be nice to know if you are focusing in domestic before international  users? any international user that have received a cube yet?
@steven wow that's super disgraceful to us who have funded then to get far enough to launch an indiegogo. hope they comment soon as it appears no one is properly getting their upgrades and all their communications so far seem to be more focused on marketing addition products.
there are a few issues with this indiegogo update: "for just 4 days, you can save $50 and get a ecoqube c + uv package for $129 instead of the normal price of $179!" firstly, this is a kick in the nads for those who backed for the same (early bird) reward on kickstarter for $10 more. secondly, the early bird ks reward was supposedly $60 off. it seems that the retail price is dropping… "for all of you who have already ordered the ecoqube uv up until today, you will receive one free ecoqube with your order" gee, thanks. nothing for your original backers, then?
please send me an email explaining when i shall receive my stuff.
have any international backers receive an update on their ecoqube? i think they are completing domestic orders before shipping the international orders. is it still possible to change address for international backers?
backer here from singapore, i have not received my ecocube, appreciate your feedback please thanks :)
should the water level be low enough that the seeds are not covered with water on their medium? also, is the bag of charcoal below the medium net supposed to be there? if so, should it be changed out from time to time? also, should i be concerned that only about four seeds remained atop the medium? questions! sorry!
vip backer from norway here.. not received anything. no shipping info, no tracking, no nothing.. @creator some feedback would be nice!
i'm one of the backers that is supposed to receive my 2 ecoqube in november. i just wanted to let you know i have changed office last week and i want to see if you haven't shipped my units, please let me know how i can update my address.
mine just arrived. about to pop to work so no time to open it but im stoked.
@alexis elgatian, nothing here....
comment on there instagram pictures they tend to get back faster there.
chocolate mint should grow the same as regular mint.  i have chocolate mint, orange mint and regular mint all growing next to each other in the garden.  it just has smaller leaves with the brown coloring, as you probably know.  mint is very hardy and always come back when in yards.  in the ecoqube you will have to you seeds since it can't grow deep enough roots to recover each year but you can probably just trim it back and it will regrow.  with basil you want to "bud" before you trim it.  it will make it grow bushier and thus better use the light.
i am vip backer but have not received anything yet even shipping information, please kindly help to follow up. millions thanks.
@eric i'm in the same boat, did the same upgrades, no remote, and highly doubt the leds are correct. sent two emails, adi did pm me on here, but just to tell me to email and that they are checking, instead of just giving me the information.....
how would a chocolate mint plant grow in the ecoqube?
i'm still waiting for mine. who should i contact?
i ordered four ecoqubes, and upgraded them via backer kit to include the stronger leds and remotes. they arrived without remotes and, as far as i can tell, the led upgrades. i wrote info@adiventures.net two weeks ago and have yet to receive a response. i've just written them again, and am leaving breadcrumbs here as well. my kids have been asking me every day why they can't set up their aquariums when they're sitting right there on the living room floor, but i'm not going to let them get started until i learn if i need to send them back.
@charles:  on the addons bit, i would think they should be able to offer a refund (this has already been paid for, so simply canceling the order will not do you any good) but you'll probably have to contact them directly.  since adi is working from two countries, and communication between them is slow as a result, give them a couple of weeks to respond.  they're usually pretty good about getting back with people who need help with something.
hello people off ecoqube,  what kind of bio media are you going to use instead of the carbon media??? thank you
i'm backers do you delivery preparation is possible to japan ?
anyone from the $78 early bird double ecoqube get theirs yet?
by the way, i just want to share my tank which i setup for my half moon betta yesterday. http://imgur.com/kee6pry
@julie - why did you need a replacement?  i'm wondering because mine leaked all over, the seams at the corners weren't properly sealed.  i'm wondering if this is a common issue or i just got a rare defect.
@charles: also, you can sell your unit to me if you really want to cancel the item. pm me directly, i am glad to purchase from you after you get yours.
@charles: adi does not recommend eating the plant grown in the tank is because most of people/backer are pretty new at aquapontic. ecoqube is more like a start to lead you into this field. if you have enough experience and knowlage, you know what's the food you feed to your fish and you know what's your water parameter. of course you can eat the plant grown in your tank if you know what you are doing after learning process. once you understand this from owning a ecoqube and run it well, you may want to build a larger aquapontic system to produce more food by yourself. i already start few aquapontic tanks on my balcony after i got first version of ecoqube. also, i put the ecoqube in my living room and my wife's office. i am pretty sure few people get interesting in aquapontic after i explain to them the logic through ecoqube.
@paul i live a two hour drive from where it shipped from, and didn't have add-ons.   i'm guessing those 2 factors made my replacement pretty quick.
@daniel nam. the plant medium is in the pot, just put the seed in that. as for the stuff in the bag that is carbon, it should be changed out monthly if you chose to use it.
quick question:  is the plant medium for the basil seeds the white sponge in the net pot?  there's also a zip-bag of soil underneath it, is this the plant medium?  just a little confused on if i'm just supposed to put the seeds on top of the white sponge or if i'm supposed to put some soil on top of the sponge. otherwise, it looks great!
@tiffany - also to clarify, projects such as those run by cool mini or not include a money back clause.
@tiffany - great point. i was referring to the add-ons, which outweigh the costs of the kickstarter itself.
not to be that guy, but how did @julie receive a replacement so quickly when a lot of us still haven't even received the original pledge rewards? i pledged vip with the additional stuff so i understand the delay, but damn.
all i wanted for christmas is the ecocube for my daughter, but nothing has come back from adi on delivery timing.  ho hum.
replacement arrived, no leaks, set up and ready to start growing!  thank you for the fast fix.
@charles:  kickstarter is not a place for placing orders.  you pledged financial support to a start-up.  it isn't an order, so you can't cancel it. . @james:  was that -really- necessary? . @omar:  you may be right, and if so, my mistake.  that part, i can't help with.  they don't particularly appeal to me, either.  it's frustrating to get nonsense updates and requests for more money when what was promised has not yet been delivered... not that i don't understand.
i was very interested in the ecocube kickstarter because i was interested in growing food at home, and loved the additional benefit of having a great aquarium. i was drawn to the kick starter because of comments like this on the campaign page - 'how this startup can seriously end world hunger', and 'we believe aquaponics is a clear solution to the food and water shortages in the world.' it also claimed that the tank is made in the usa. which as noted, was not the case as the trips to the manufacturer's factories showed. however, i've found myself disappointed that  the kickstarter is not really aimed at delivering on what i had presumed to be the goal. as mentioned recently, adi does not recommend eating the plant grown in the tank. i agree that the kickstarter never made claims on this, but it was difficult to decipher this with the blatant and continued discussions on the future of aquaponics. unfortunately, given that this is not what i am looking for, i would like to cancel my orders for the ecocube and add-ons. is there a way to do that?
when will i get my ecoqube? after indiegogo fulfilment?
how can i check my shipment status?
email adi over a week ago no response about missing items and clarification on if we actually got the upgraded leds since there is zero way to tell....... adi i emailed you again.........
i'd like to know how the shipping order is being determined. i was an early backer, filled out my backerkit on the first day, and i'm located in the us, but still nothing. the only thing i can think of is that i didn't order any of the overpriced extras, did that push me to the end of the line? clearly that's where they're looking to make all their profits.
this campaign is turning into a f#*%king infomercial
may we get a simple status update on the shipping situation please. thank you :)
do you not ship the item to the customer. otherwise, do you send the broken goods to the customer. read the comments and i feel that way. i regret that it has become a backer.
i created a subreddit for the community here. https://www.reddit.com/r/aquadesigninnovations/ i'm hoping it turns into a great community, where people can share their ecoqubes and answer questions people may have. =)
@tiffany - i don't think justin wants out of all updates, just these weekly spam referral emails. i'm sure people would appreciate an actual update that lets them know when to expect their tank or explains what is going on with the manufacturing and quality control to produce all these problems.
are we going to get a tracking number or a notification when our order has been processed and shipped?  i'm not hearing a lot about the status of the international backers, just a link to the indiegogo campaign.  i feel it's disrespectful to the people who haven't received their order yet to try to get them to spend more money.
just was informing about your superduper superbacker-system. what should i do with a silly 10$ credit in your store, if you don't deliver to germany. yeah, i can earn multiple vouchers for products you won't send to me (not even for suitable shipping costs). i didn't test it, but if you exclude all international backers from your shop, than your superbacker-system is some kind of confidence trick without the note that you don't deliver international! and i don't recommend trickster to my friends/family...
@justin lowe:  at the bottom of your latest email, look for, "don't want to receive updates from this project? that's okay, you can unsubscribe."  the unsubscribe is a link that will unsubscribe you from this project's updates.  it only affects the project for which you're clicking it, so you don't have to worry that it will unsubscribe you from updates on any other project.
backer from singapore here. just received an update from adi saying that i "should receive your ecoqube in december", and that the ecoqubes "will arrive at the fulfillment center in the next week". just thought the south east asian backers would be interested.
how do i stop receiving updates from this kickstarter? it feels like spam & i have yet to receive a product or tracking #
what's with that last message!  you can pay $3000 for an aquaponics unit!  well you could pay $800,000 for a car or $3000 for a pair of shoes!  i have a setup at home that cost next to nothing and grows chillies, peppers and tomatoes.  i love the idea of the small system (when i get it), don't get me wrong, but it won't change the world.  please, keep it real.
where's my tracking number?
agree with omar. i find the relentless marketing campaign to be disrespectful. backers are not your marketing team. be considerate of our time. i've unsubscribe from the project.
how many more "updates" are we going to get to try to get us to refer people at "today only!" pricing of $69? i was an early 2 for $80 backer and i haven't received anything, it's pretty presumptuous to think i'd refer someone to buy one when you haven't even fulfilled your original commitments yet. the only thing i could base an opinion on so far are the comments here, and so far it sounds like there are some serious quality issues (weak pumps, flimsy light stand, shipping damage, etc) from the move to chinese manufacturing.
hey everyone! so glad to hear you're all receiving your orders now! =) our fulfillment center has shipped over 1500 ecoqubes in just 10 days and they're doing an incredible job getting them out as fast as possible! we've done everything within our power to finish the ecoqubes on time (we're really really sorry there has been delays, especially for vip backers) but we know it's worth it as all the details really add up . you can review all the work, extra time and money we spent to make the details of the ecoqube better here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1302384 due to the shear volume of people and our very small team, it's nearly impossible for us to go through every comment on twitter, fb, instagram, or even here to make sure they're responded to. however, we work extremely hard 24/7 to answer all messages coming into info at adiventures.net. please feel free to message us there at any time with your questions! =) it makes it much easier for us to make sure you're all 100% taken care of. @emily chang, as per our update (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature/posts/1411144), your plants and livestock will be shipping from our san diego hq separately several weeks after your ecoqube arrives. =) delivery for all ecoqubes should be complete within the next month. it's extremely time intensive to ship out 5500 correct orders. our fulfillment centers will be working their hardest to get you your ecoqubes and we're pushing them every day to ship out more per day.
i ordered a moss ball and 1 anubias, and they aren't in the shipment. who do i contact to get these things?
may i know the delivery status ? to malaysia
is there any way to track the status of our orders? i ordered two plus add ons, and have heard nothing except ads for buying more.
is anyone at adi actually responding to emails?? sent an email last week looking for more details on the remote i paid extra for and for information on how to tell if i actually received the upgraded led.....
i would like to order some additional add ons that i don't see on your website anymore, but did see for the initial survey. how would i go about ordering these items?
ahhh!  my ecoqube leaks!  i set it up on my desk, and now i have a completely soaked keyboard.  =(  =(  i bought a few expensive plants to sit inside it, i'm not sure how long they will last in still water and i'm super bummed about this experience after waiting so long to get it.  test your cube before filling it - mine had no visible damage, but leaks at the seams.
i paid for the uv led sterilizer and the box is not checked on my packaging box. is this being shipped separately?
@joey - https://www.reddit.com/r/ecoqube/comments/3s72ek/putting_a_fish_in_your_ecoqube_what_kind
anyone know what type of fish can work well with the ecoqube c?
question: at first the pump was completely silent.  now there's a whine to it.  is this cause for concern/affect the longevity of the pump?
i also did not receive biological medium (for beneficial bacteria) and plant medium + seeds or my live stock package when the packing slip says it is there. how can we resolve this?
vip backer from germany and have not heared anything about my order till now.
i have not received anything yet even the shipping information, can you help us?
hi, i don't think i received my add on. who should i contact?
i received mine today, 11/18/2015, and it has a large crack and and large chip in the corner.i would like it replaced, i have photos.
i didn't receive the  biological medium (for beneficial bacteria) and plant medium + seeds  but the packaging slip indicates they were in the package who do i need to contact to resolve this?
anyone in the uk received theirs? with the £25 odd delivery charge i would've expected it to arrive same day lol.
i didn't receive some of my add ons, but the packing slip seemed to indicate they were in the package? are they shipping separately?  who do i contact to ensure i get the items i paid for? thank you.
i'm getting excited to find a good spot for my ecocube. too bad it cant be in direct sun, i wanted it to go by my window.
@ed glazer they are available online (there are 3: beginners, intermediate and advanced). sorry but i forgot the links, however i did post them on my site: aquariumenthusiast.com in the ecoqube c group:  http://aquariumenthusiast.com/groups/ecoqube-c-5 i can post the links here once i get to my laptop. (commenting from my blackberry)
hey i'm just a $1 backer, but i don't think i've heard anything about the pdf we were supposed to get...? "the full pdf version of science project kit 2015 for you to print and use to apply the concepts of growing and aquaponics with the youngins around you!"
vip backer here. is the package sent? any tracking info possible?
i haven't seen any sort of shipping confirmation.. anyway i can track my order?
backer from singapore here. has anyone from singapore has received the ecoqube c? how do i check my order status? i don't know if mine has been shipped, on the way, or still waiting...
my pump is also weaker than what was shown in the video. can the orientation be changed or something?  seems to be flared on a side
i still waiting for my unit. when it can be deliver?
my aquarium is leaking from the corners. very disappointed.
@thomas howard jr: i have to agree.  i was part of the 600 initial backer group and haven't seen a single thing from them.  i've asked on here and tweeted them about the status and hear nothing back.
just venting here.  i am a bit frustrated that i keep getting updates asking me to purchase more product when i haven't received what i initially backed.
thank you.  i pm'd a video of the leak.
thanks. let me know what steps i need to take to get that rolling on my side.
okay-- someone pointed out update #23 to me (which i missed). the water flow in my ecoqube still does not resemble the output in that video
how is everyone's water flow/circulation looking? i feel like mine is very weak compared to what is shown in the "how to set up your ecoqube c" video tutorial on youtube...
nice guys. keep it up!
@joachim, your ecoqube along with any others that are damaged during shipment will be replaced =) the ecoqube is made with durable acrylic and i'm sure you saw we did what we could to protect it: 1. large outer brown carton 2. ecoqube packaging 3. inner carboard endcaps with the protection, we've only received ~5 messages regarding cracked acrylic out of 1000+ sent out. we've been working closely with our fulfillment center to minimize this issue to 0. thank you so much for your patience waiting for our support team's response over the weekend. i will personally make sure they will be right on it tomorrow! =) kevin
@julie deallenbach, i have the same problem... the package came a little dented. i filled the eco cube with water to check for leaks... that's how i discovered a large crack on the back of the tank. i was supposed to bring this into my ramen restaurant, but now i am just disappointed. no response from the makers just makes things worse.
i posted a picture of the pump area and the sprouting seeds in a thread at: http://www.aquaticplantcentral.com/forumapc/shrimp-other-invertebrates/120218-newcomer-discussion-eco-qube-similar-very.html
outer shipping box was compressed a bit, but the inside box looked fine.  added water today, and discovered a crack in the back.
hello, i am vip backers. when will i receive shipping information? i am looking forward my ecoqube c.
i too replaced the carbon with bio media.   your local non-big box fish store may have the 1/2 cup you need left over from their own maintenance work, so you don't have to buy much more than you need. the plant media, imo, isn't going to provide any useful ammonia uptake until the roots reach down into the water path.   even when they do, the beneficial bacteria that's established on the filter, gravel, etc. will do the majority of the work. one suggestion i want to try is to use a faster-growing, more substantial plant species.  one of the experienced moderators at aquaticplantcentral.com suggested trying spathiphylum, pothos, or syngonium.
mine arrived with two large cracks -- one in the lid and one in the side panel.  anyone know how to rma?  can't find a support link anywhere on this project page.  disappointing since it looks beautiful otherwise.
so when should the vip backers expect shipping information? already half way through november and i haven't heard a peep.  the updates have been fairly vague on what to expect.
does anyone know the visual (are there more) and spec difference (more lumens, different color ranges) between the normal leds that were included and the more powerful ones you could add on via backerkit? i did the add on because i plan on using one as a pico/quarantine for marine life and wanted to make sure the leds were as good as available... but i cannot really tell any difference compared to the original campaign information and i could not find anything in the updates. thanks for any help.
@toriless you can do salt, you'll just need to find an appropriate plant (ie a mangrove) and might have to modify the pot a little. i plan on doing salt.
that's pretty terrible if it's carbon after all their bragging about plant filtration. this is directly from their website : "on top of that, regular hang-on-back filters use activated carbon to remove organics.  this activated carbon has to be replaced every 2 weeks otherwise it stops working.  companies do this to make money, but this ultimately ends up creating more waste and doing more harm to the fish.  on the other hand, the ecoqube 1 filter optimizes plant roots for filtration.  no need for activated carbon!"
waaaaay harder to set up than the video makes it look. expect your local pets store(s) to not have any appropriate sized rocks/driftwood either. i'd expect to add more sand to the bottom too - otherwise it's near impossible to properly seat the plants.
can anyone who's received take some clear photos of the filter's internal structure? appreciate it!
@toriless you were asking about the height: the ecoqube c is about 7.8" x 7.8" x 7.8" with about 1.5 gallons in volume.
disappointed... my eco cube came cracked. how do i get my money back?
that's really disappointing - as a) they really play up the role of the bio filtering on the campaign page b) also brag about the sponger filter never needing to be replaced. which isn't really a plus if i have to replace carbon every month. it kinda defeats the point of the self-sustained eco-system no? did i miss an update where they discuss this ahead of time?
rick, the black rocks are carbon and should be replaced about monthly. it does appear they chose to not use bio media, maybe because the sponge and the grow media are enough. i am going to toss in a bit of bio media from another tank to speed up the process, no reason to wait around when i can help the process along.
got mine today - it's very nice overall. i too am confused about the black rocks in the back of the filter. is that the biological medium? otherwise i'm pretty sure my biological medium is missing. also - should i plant all the basil seeds included? seems like a lot. the tank was a little bigger than i was expecting. but the filter in the back is deeper than i thought too. still i'm excited to get it all set up tomorrow.
salt water would not work for the plants.  this was clear not designed for a marine tank or fish.
it did not come with a remote because that is an upgrade feature.  the timer is built-in but the remote is an add-on.  i know because it is the reason i do not have my unit now since i paid for the remote upgrade.  vip orders are the same.  if you wanted the remote option you had to pay for it and wait an few extra months. the rock was also a add-on.  you just get the box.  i already have a huge sack of fluorite for my substrate but that was another add-on as was plants.  i plan to get plants locally just like i did for my larger aquariums so the only add-on i paid for was the built-in remote since it could not be done retroactively.  i am still not sure how high the ecoqube c is despite having asked several times.  i'm still not sure if i want to fill it with shrimp or fish since the options for fish are so limited.  i'll probably plant basil since it smells nice, $1.29 for a packet with 100+ seeds. hey, at least ups did not break your coffee table tank as happen to me.  they never did pick-up the tank they broke.  i had to drive to a local site to return it for an unbroken one.  personally, i think i'll built my own next time out of 3/4 inch acrylic.  midwestern uses cheap thin 1/4 inch acrylic when it need to be 3/8 inch to avoid bowing.  this tank is so small i expect they are using 1/8 inch acrylic. 3 weeks?  10 days is plenty.
received my ecoqube last night.  i was a bit disappointed to see that my shipping box was squished, which i assume was due to a lack of care on the deliverer's part.  inside though, everything was intact and i was able to easily set up the system.  i wasn't sure how to 'plant' the seeds in the sponge medium so i sprinkled some on top and the rest i poked little holes to place them deeper.  like many of the others backers mentioned, the led mount is a bit lopsided.  there are two main support arms and basically only one side holds the weight of the led housings.  so you end up having the led leaning to one side.  i'm not sure if its just a design flaw or if i have a defective unit but its a bit aesthetically annoying. other than that, everything else looks very top class.  the tank has little to no gaps (although the aquarium lid does wiggle around a bit) and the water pump flows pretty well.  i was pleasantly surprised that the led had a 'rainbow mode' which transitioned through a bunch of programmed rbg colors (which was cool). last oddity, i checked this morning to find that there was a lot of condensed water over the top of my ecoqube.  nothing to be really concerned about but the lid seems like a very tight fit.  again, odd but not deal breaking. can't wait three weeks to add fish!
i felt like the directions were a bit lacking.  i assume everything was already assembled... do i put the tiny little seeds directly onto/into the white sponge thing?
to adi: will we get led remote later? or can we buy it somewhere? the vip order didn't come with remote.
i receive my ecoqube c today. i immediately put the water and run the filter. i have to say this is really good product on market in this price. i haven't see any other similar product with this high quality and great design. i have two ecoqube version 1, and ecoqube c really come with better design to solve all the issues. the water flow run much better in c and pump place in better location. the glass cover is a really really nice feature compare with acrylic cover in version 1 (acrylic will bend). excellent!!!!! i really think i should get few more!!!
just received both my units, but missing a few add-ons, the remote, and i have no idea if the light is the standard light or the higher power light that i paid extra for..... did get the heater which is nice and fits right in.
still waiting for my order as well. cross fingers i get it soon :)
i have received my order minus a few items that were on the packing slip. marimo moss balls and beta hammock.. what about soil and seeds to get this going. i also thought we were getting a nice decorative rock,.  net pot and seeds? please hurry missing items along i am anxious to get this system started!!!
have not received my order as yet. please let me know, when it will be honoured.
i have created a group for the ecoqube c on my site: http://aquariumenthusiast.com/groups/5 please feel free to join in and post. looking forward to getting mine!
hello! still not sure what to keep in my tank. option 1: use it as a breeding tank without filter for amano shrimp larvae (salt needed) option 2: use it as breeding tank for my guppys as long as they are to small for my large tank( as they grow i would put them in my large tank); tank may be too small option 3: use ist as intended withe a few small shrimps (probably something smaller then amano shrimps) what are you doing with your tanks?
sent you guys a direct message a while back, still hoping you guys will respond soon. keep up the nice work.
@creator does the 7 hour light function repeat every day? or do i have to re activate it every day?
received mine today in good shape. light stand seems a bit lopsided / loose; as others commented below, it appears i only have one rubber grommet for one light leg to get supported by..the other just kinda hangs there? not all the acrylic seams look 100%; there are some gaps.  will have to see if they're problems if/when i ever set this up.  should there have been two rubber gasket/grommets? i have to say, the packaging was very nice for the most part.  the box holding the dc adapter was a little "lower end" compared to everything else, but overall, a very professional job in that respect.  your packaging designer deserves commendation! overall looks nice, some interesting design choices.  i think the way the glass lid is held on is very inventive, and was surprised by the zipper-bag in the center compartment (was surprised to see what looks like carbon???  looking back here, it suggests that there'd be some sort of biological filtration media?) what is the actual media in the bag? curious, with these design choices (what appears to be metal teeth on the zipper, metal positioning nubs on the lid), i presume this system is not in any way saltwater safe should i choose to use this tank while foregoing the admittedly somewhat "more for show" "aquaponic" aspects of this aquarium (or maybe i'll be surprised?) that's my initial impressions. on an unrelated note, seeing some of the comments below about starting a new crowdfunding campaign before this one was even fulfilled, i certainly see the merits in the notion of "learning from this one before doing more of the same somewhere else".  then again, perhaps the crowdfunding avenue is not being used so much as a design incubator / innovation driver, but simply as a way to accept pre-orders and help establish manufacturing runs. certainly a way to eliminate things like interest payments and the risks of overproduction.  hmm.
btw, tropical fish hobbyist did a series on nano tanks recently.  search their site for "nano freshwater"  articles and on-line back issues are easy to get.  of course, you could google it too, but you'll get more rumor and opinion then...
@andy your tank will be replaced immediately =) just send us photos of the damaged packaging and the crack so we know exactly what to avoid when shipping. our fulfillment center has never shipped an aquarium before but we've worked out most kinks and ecoqubes going out from now on will be very well protected. the black pellets should be placed under the netpot and will act as substrate for plant roots to grow into. as you all may have experienced, we're attempting to answer every question we receive within 24 hours with our small team. we'll be monitoring comments here and there but please do feel free to send us a message directly via kickstarter or here: http://adiventures.net/pages/contact we're working really really hard to provide the best community support and pushing very hard to answer all messages within 12 hours. super excited for you all to get your ecoqubes!!!!
also, should sand be included with every order? i seem to be missing this :(
just received my order but did not get the anubias nana petite (u.s. only) add-on. should i be expecting a separate package?
rec'd my set of three today.  impressed by the look and quite.   lights have multiple color modes, from a flat control panel on the cable.  carbon bag and black filter foam were already in place.   have the same drooping light stand issue as andy huang. i'll be using mine as a shrimp farm and plant quarantine, and desktop decoration.   *might* put a juvenile 0.5" fish in each, like an endler.
hey what is that bag of mesh, wit black pellets in it? are they magic beans to grow a beanstalk so i can slay giants?!
jahquan ingram it sounds like that is activated carbon. i assume it goes somewhere in the back of the tank.
there is a mesh bag of black pellets and i'm not sure what they are for? the instructions included say nothing about them and neither does there website.
@andy huang that sucks, sorry to hear it. shipping is always an issue with these types of projects. i am just hoping i and everyone else gets theirs in one piece. hopefully your issue will be sorted out soon.
so, there's a two inch crack in the back acrylic piece (from the top down, on the left side) and it's leaking water at about a drop a second.
so, i just received it. awesome design. few things i noticed: 1. nice form factor/size. 2. the lighting options are limited to on/off and has a timer function of 7 hours; i'm not sure what that means (7 hours of light for every 24th at the time you activate the option?) 3. the light apparatus doesn't want to stay up on it's own more than 2 inches above the lowest it can be; if you raise it more than 4 inches, the apparatus slants a little bit because it seems to be only secured on the right side (i'm wondering if they forgot to add the rubber sleeve on the left leg as they did the right leg of my unit). since i'm not raising it that high for now, i'm going to leave it be. but it's fairly annoying to to see the lighting apparatus dip on the left side when raised. i'm going to throw a betta fish in there for now. 4. don't expect a high filtration rate with this pump even at this scale; particulates slowly migrate to the filter slot - like on a sponge filter powered by an air pump. i can't to see what others are going to do with this setup. i'm planning to do a low maintenance shrimp tank.
pics please, for those who've received it! :d
so, there's a pretty quiet subreddit for ecoqube we could start using to discuss setups and share results. i'm gonna start some discussion threads over there: https://www.reddit.com/r/ecoqube/
got my ecoqube today.  looks good, i have to really think about how i am going to set it up.
i just got my shipping number. so far, it says only he shipping label has been created. i got the vip early bird one and that mountain rock (and maybe the sand, i don't remember) location: usa
@chris dobbins go here: https://ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature.backerkit.com
how can we check our shipping address?
how will shipping order be determined? don't expect a response based on previous interactions, but it would be nice
fulfillment center in augusta georgia.  i'm in augusta georgia. wonder how long it will take to get to me.  i wonder how many times i've driven past my ecoqube?
when will the ecoqube be shipped
i agree. why start another campaign on another site for the same product? focus your efforts to getting us the current backers their product first!
you can speed the water conditioning up by putting an ammonia starter. the process is ammonia to nitrites, nitrites to nitrates and the nitrates feed the plant. you can put the fish in right away but you have to watch the ammonia levels. most aquaponic fish can handle high levels of nitrites and nitrates. you want to start your plant in soil and then transplant it to the ecoqube. but you don't have to wait until the water has fully cycled. the plant will do just fine.
@creator: i do not understand why you start a new campaign with the same product on another crowdfounding site. would be more senseful like you did before: start a campaign, fullfill the campaign, learn from problems and user advises and start a new campaign with an improved product. till this point you act very professional (frequently updates, improving product,etc). but how you dare to start a new campaign meanwhile you haven't fullfilled the running campaign here? sorry, i see this unfair, not strategic and unwisely.  you should start this in maybe 3-4 month after shipped this product to all backers here and get some feedback. please explain why you choose another crowdfounding website and what is the improvement of the new product!
@steve, i see more and more creators simply utilizing crowd funding sites as a way to market and generate revenue on an existing idea rather than generate startup funding for a new idea. these sites seem to be relaxing their rules more and more, after all they generate income out of it so what do they care? its all in the wording, but it's rather unethical if you ask me.
i am confused. this new campaign is for the same product, the ecoqube c? i don't understand the rational of starting a new campaign for the same, or similar product before you have finished with this campaign. i thought these crowdfunding sites were to help you get your product off the the drawing board and into production. but that is where you already are? any answers would be appreciated. it would be tough to back or publicly support a new campaign with out details.
@matt totally agree. @creator i feel cheated, as a backer i would love to support the companies new projects and get an inside advantage on knowing when they will be released. however by starting the campaign before the product is even shipped let alone giving enough time to test it seems is either negligent or underhanded. now to get your deal we would have to have blind faith to become a "superbacker" and get the best deal possible.
you guys mentioned in the previous updated that you'd share pictures of the fulfillment process in the next update....i was really looking forward to them. i understand that you are busy but how about another quick update?
@creator,  how can i check my order, can i have tracking number?
@matt, absolutely! i thought exactly the same thing, in fact i came here to post my disgust at that too. i don't care how good their next product is, there ain't no way i'm backing adi again. it's just plain bloody rude if you ask me.
the latest update is a bit disheartening.  it seems like you are looking for bigger 'fish' while your recent catch starts to rot.  i wish you would have fulfilled all your orders before you started another campaign. not to mention on another crowdfunding site.  i'm shocked kickstarter can let you do that.
watch what you feed the fish too, if you're planning on using the plant for consumption purposes.
i don't have any specific experience with aquaponics, but from what steven posted it sure sounds like it's mainly a liability issue. i would think as long as your don't use any chemicals in treating the water you'd be fine.
yes i read that fact, i'm not talking about removing the entire plant only portions thereof, also aquaponics does allow human consumption if you don't use those types of chemicals. i was hoping someone would have more experience in this issue.
faq: why can't we eat the plant growing out of the ecoqube c? 1. the plant is used for filtration. if removed, the main filtering mechanism on the ecoqube c will be removed as well and cause an imbalance in the ecosystem. 2. aquarium products are not made for food consumption. most people may end up using aquarium fish food, dechlorinator and others recommended by local fish stores that can be toxic. 3. if we do not have this disclaimer, we may be liable for the consumption of plants grown out of the ecoqube c.
so can you eat the food grown with this system as long as you don't add harmful chemicals to the water?
@jake everything that james said is correct and also they say that the plant needs to grow a little bit before you can put the fish in.
@jake, always the water, plant and decorations first - need to establish some form of biological filtration and that takes a little bit of time to get going (although the flip side is you generally need some form of 'waste' to kick start that process) fish are territorial too, even though you probably keeping a single fish you need to provide it a hiding place so it doesn't stress out when you first introduce it. consider it like building a home, you wouldn't move your family onto the piece of land you just bought until you built your home first and got your plumbing all hooked up :-)
awesome got my, you have 48 hours to confirm your address email, must mean shipping will start in the next week or two for my batch. just to give others wondering a heads up, i ordered just 1x basic ecoqube-c without any upgrades, which would be why mine isn't as delayed. looking forward to this project :d is there any tutorials on proper setup, do i get the fish or plant first? that kind of stuff :)
i've just received an email:  "looks like ecoqube c- your window to nature is about to ship your rewards soon! " great!!
dont ask me we will get the wcoqube after igg if we have special upgrades (added uv, upgraded led light, and led remote)
@rl yes i've been wondering that myself. there's been no mention of any kind of timeline for the addons. though i opted out of the uv and only ordered the upgraded led and remote i'd sure like to know if i'll at least see it by christmas.....this year.
what's the progress of special upgrades (added uv, upgraded led light, and led remote)?
@adi - thank you for the informative update. one question i have is that i backed the 4-pack ($156) because i wanted several. where does that put me (and other 4-pack backers) in the shipping priority? thanks in advance for your reply.
so still looking at potentially a month wow
just wondering , does anybody know the status for ecocubes for vip backers? sent or pending to be sent?
@wulfstryke "you missed my mark, my "anger" as you call it, is more getting tired of hearing how people constantly complain that they have not "received what they paid for". no, again you are wrong (what a surprise). i didn't miss that at all. in fact, that is exactly what i said. i said that you were frustrated that people were complaining. that is also exactly what you just said in the quote above. so it looks like i got it exactly right and in fact, you missed the mark. you are complaining about how too many people are complaining. the fact that you don't see the hypocrisy in that kind of thinking is your problem, not mine. you didn't have to make a comment, but you were so irritated with the other commenters that you decided you had the right to let people know how irritated you were. only, you complain when other people want to have the same right to let people know when they are irritated with the creator. and now you just spent 3 more comments complaining even more, which makes you even more of a hypocrite! it is apologists like you who are allowing kickstarter creators to avoid doing the right thing by giving us realistic delivery estimates. apologists like you are part of the problem with kickstarter. but, more importantly, to me you are insignificant and i will forget all about you and your ranting as soon as i finish this comment.
as for the rest, i never said that all projects are on time, nor did i say it was ok for projects to constantly be delayed. i did not say the creators should not be held accountable, they should be, i did say that those who come on kickstarter who think this is a shopping mall to buy things before the general public need to wake up. it's not a shopping mall, it's not amazon.com! this was where my original comment was directed. i have read many times, this was supposed to be a birthday gift, or this was supposed to be a christmas gift.  i as well have backed many projects and still waiting for them because of delays, if you are truly annoyed, opt to back out, contact them request a refund. but complaining over and over that you have not gotten " what you paid for" is not what you really paid into. what you really paid into was to help some one. with that help you get a reward. that is what i was trying to say.
@missyourmark looks like you are a true know it all, you had all your dreams come true, you never had to face the uncertainty of challenges. good for you, i applaud your resourcefulness. not many people can say that. for everyone else in this world not everything can be foreseen, ( unless you want to share your crystal ball with others) when the unforeseen happens we all choose what we think it the right path. and none of those paths will please everyone. you sound like you can do it. why don't you give it a shot! sounds like you are a successful business owner and know just the right thing to do is. the rest of us humans will just go along our way making the choices we make and hope it's the right one. if not learn from the mistake.
@missyourmark as your name implies, you missed my mark, my "anger" as you call it, is more getting tired of hearing how people constantly complain that they have not "received what they paid for".they paid into helping someone realize their dream,  what you get is a reward for the success of that dream. go through the comments and you will see it literally hundreds of time.  people need to truly understand this is not a shopping mall and expect that the time frames are set in stone. this is a place to springboard a dream, with that, there will be success and challenges. this kickstarter has been far more open about what has been going on with delays and why.  so yeah i have no anger to these people, it's more that when you back a persons dream on any crowd fund, you should know your not shopping, you funding a dream, with or without a physical reward.
apologists, have you ever heard the motto of good project manager (or creator in the kickstarter world)? under promise and over deliver. if the creator thinks it will take 4 months to produce, quote 8 months. then surprise everyone when you deliver it in 6 months. and don't say "ship date: we are confident we will ship by the projected dates, as we are manufacturing the ecoqube c in the us (100 yards away from our office!). while there is always a chance that things will take longer than planned, the proximity of our manufacturers will definitely speed up the process!" and then decide it is better to take the manufacturing to china and still be late. i don't care where its made, personally. but if you are moving the project, keep your promised delivery.
i have only two project one is probably half a year late and this one might make is since i order the remote mod which gave them extra time to catch up.  others who did not order extras are probably getting them late.  i think by the time they got around to actual early production they had more realistic expectations on how long it would really take.  my other project is more complex then this one but they set a shorter time lines yet it will take them at least twice as long to really produce anything.  anybody who does time estimates knows if it looks like 2 hours of work plan to schedule 4 hours knowing it will really take you about 3 if no problems arise which give you additional time to fix unforeseen issues.  it's really basic business management skills.
keith, thanks for the perfect illustration of my point.
@omar hart - having backed over 40 projects i can assure you that only a handful have come in on time. even several of my backed projects that aren't scheduled to arrive for a few months are already telling backers they're behind schedule and will be late; only two of the projects i've backed that aren't already late haven't already told backers they'll *be* late, but that's no guarantee those two will be on time. of 13 backed projects for which i have actually received anything, only 4 were on time. but sure, because you've backed a handful and gotten one on time i'm sure the majority are on time. right.
i've only backed a few projects, but it simply isn't the truth that all projects are delayed. i just received my priority start bike completely on time from kickstarter this last weekend. i don't even really mind delays for good reason, as seems like is the case for this campaign. what i find annoying is what missyourmark pointed out, the mindless and generic "not a store" and "every project is delayed so it's okay" comments from people trying to show what kickstarter experts they are.
@backers complaining about apologists:  if you're really all that put off by how kickstarter projects work, i suggest you stop backing kickstarter projects.  the reality is that kickstarter doesn't hold the creators accountable to the standards they set.  kickstarter projects are always going to be delayed.  wrong?  absolutely... but that's not going to change unless kickstarter decides to hold its project creators financially accountable for the delays they experience.  since kickstarter will not do that, project delays are always going to be a reality, no matter how much the backers complain in the comments.  how backers treat their creators will not make any difference in whether kickstarter projects continue to be delayed or not.  only a financial responsibility will, and that's not something that project creators are held to.
lol. outside your rather large spiel, the reality is project completion / delivery dates are just an estimation. creators estimate dates with zero problems occurring in manufacturing, logistics etc but in (most) cases we all know this never happens. so do you shoot yourself in the foot and estimate short and throw up apologies to backers when delays kick in? or do you estimate long and risk losing backers because they think their pledge is dead money / higher risk if something else comes out better in that time. projects are always estimated optimistically. it's part of the marketing hype behind a good idea. i've had products i've pledged for arrive early, most arrive late, and i don't wanna sound cliched but you just really got to suck it up and wait. that is the simple reality of projects on kickstarter (unless they hit the creator with penalties for delays, but that will *never* happen)
agreed, well stated missyourmark. agree 100%, these apologists are ruining kickstarter.
@missyourmark.... you get a standing ovation from me. bravo!
@wulfstryke, there's a little hypocrisy showing there... "my only comment for all those who thought you were buying a product, get over it!" ..."otherwise keep cool!"  the angry "get over it" line shows that you aren't taking your own advice of "keeping it cool". are you the only one who has the right to express their frustrations in this comment section? your frustration seems to be with the people that you consider complainers. those 'complainers' are just voicing their frustration with the many problems that this project has faced (which some believe that the creators should have handled better). it's hypocritical that you are telling other people to stop commenting about their frustration, in a comment about your frustration.  do you see the double standard there? let me tell you about my frustration. my frustration is with apologists like you who infest every comment board of every project that is behind schedule. you guys are always giving those standard, worn-out lines about how "kickstarter is not a store", or "all kickstarter projects are delayed" (blah, blah, blah). first, it's insulting to try use the excuse that because most kickstarter projects are delayed, that this is normal, and therefor somehow that it makes it wrong (or even worse, naive) to complain. a kickstarter project being delayed is by definition always a failure on the creator's part. failures should be admitted and fixed as soon as possible. and people have the right to voice their frustration when these failures happen, especially if they happen multiple times. the backers didn't decide when to promise delivery, the creators did. and if they miscalculated, that is their fault. yes, i know that many if not most kickstarter projects are delayed, but that does not mean that it makes it okay. everybody goes over the speed limit on the freeway because they see everybody else doing it, so therefor it must be okay. but even though "everyone is doing it" it isn't okay which is proven by the speeding ticket you get when a cop catches you. just because "everybody else is doing it" doesn't make it right. in fact, it is just the opposite! the fact that kickstarter projects are well known for being delayed should make every creator overestimate the delivery time, just to factor in all the delays and problems that are bound to happen!!! but no, the creators don't come up with realistic delivery dates. they instead try to put the earliest (and least likely) delivery date just to encourage us to donate (because getting it sooner will make us want it more). that is misleading at best, and outright lying at worst. so i have no sympathy for these delay excuses or for the fact that 'this is common on kickstarter". if all of you apologists stopped letting these creators off of the hook for outrageous delays, and demand that they be more realistic in their promises, then maybe it would stop being "normal for kickstarter projects to be delayed".
my only comment for all those who thought you were buying a product, get over it! what you invested in, in. project that when fully realized will get you what you would like. it's. risk to start a new project, with risk comes unforeseen issues. these guys have been more up front about what's going on than most other kickstarters i have backed.  just get one thing through your minds, kickstarter is not a shopping mall. it's a way to help someone "kickstart" their dream, some come true some don't, but stop bickering, we are all on this ride together,if you feel slated talk to the creators, otherwise keep cool!
@chris choi:  they also already had a larger version out on the market long before the other products came out.  this kickstarter project is a springboard, not a retail store.  this company is not stopping here.  they're aiming to take this unit to full retail and then continue to develop new models of the ecoqube in the future. . my point was that, with new products coming out that are similar, they will begin to face some difficulty in the market, and unless they can get the compact version (c) out on the shelves pretty quickly, another product that has been on the market longer may get more of the customer base.
@greatbigstuff as far as i can see, @creator indeed rarely reply on this comment section maybe due to limited resources. however, they usually reply within couple of days if you shot them an email or kickstarter "contact us" link.
@james: i stand corrected. i guess what i was looking at was the creator's replies to any comments in this section.
@tiffany the thing is, they already got our money. other products can come out and hit the shelves, but they already sold their and got payment. way ahead of the game.
@francisco:  you should probably read the updates to get information on where this project currently stands. . @creator:  on the flip side of that, francisco does bring up a good point here.  other products like this are coming out now, and you may find that by the time your system hits the shelves, other similar products will have stolen the market.  not to rush you, but it's something i think you should be aware of.
has anyone received this yet? in my opinion this has taken way too long and now eco exotic has jumped on the same boat. their idea seems a bit odd.  i also agree with @mark p, this project has  been delayed more than expected. the idea was way cool and the reality just a bit disappointing in my opinion. i get it that its a new thing coming out and it needs to be tested and and all. but at this point at least a few people should of had a couple of this tanks to give a better feedback. and yet i cant find anything about an actual backer using one of these yet.
@greatbigstuff, ??? refresh your browser mate, last update was 7th october only a couple weeks ago!
the creator has not posted anything since july 2. is that correct? more than 3 months!
another update would be well received. thanks!
i'm looking forward to an update :)
that last comment was not made by me. guess there are 2 mark p's. i'm excited to get my ecoqube c's. can't wait
the current update mentions nothing about the vip backers. you now say that everything should be fulfilled by the end of november. what makes this promise any different than the other broken promises? does that mean that everybody is getting sent out at the same time? the vip early delivery bonus doesn't exist anymore? that was just a lie? who wants to start taking odds that once we actually get these things, the comment board is going to be flooded with complaints about the quality of this product and it's parts. if the way they have handled production and communication is any indication of the quality we can expect, my advice is to have a lot of towels handy when these things start leaking.
the current  delay is no problem at all. i backed another project that is 2 years late. i am looking forward to get a good product. so take your time.
+1
thank you for not contributing anything accept being an insufferable sanctimonious twit.
and now it's, "he touched me!" "did not!" "you were going to!" . really, guys?  grow up.
just implied
never said it was.
@jacob this isn't my first kickstarter....
@adam yikes. try reading a little closer: estimated delivery: nov 2015. and yes i know vip should of gotten it in august but like i said before hand. about all projects experience some short of delay.
@kranthi, chill out, it wasn't personal - imo you were overreacting on a public message board. posting your frustrations won't get the product delivered any quicker. sure it's slack on their part but the majority of campaigns are never delivered on time. at least they've informed us there were issues and they would rather rectify the problem and delay delivery than send out a shit product.
@brian  yikes.  try reading a little closer: estimated delivery: aug 2015
i dont understand what people are saying about delays. the kickstarter said eta for delivery was november, and they are saying they are on track for that.... sooo whats the issue?
seems a bit ridiculous people are bickering over delays here on kickstarter, where about 95% of products ship late because of delays.
@kranthi penmatsa, @james:  you both sound like grade-school boys yelling about how great your toys are.  "give my toy back!"  "your toy is lame!"  "you can't even imagine how great my toy is!"  i'm expecting, "my toy is better than your toy!" to come next.  it's a little silly, don't you think?
thankx james about making personal comments...........and how dare you make these comments "if the single focus of your life is waiting for an eqocube, you really need to get out more".....what my focus in life is beyond ur little brains imagination. i dnt go asking for funding...my comments and anger were addressed to the organisation. hope you will make some sensible comments next time.
@rodolpho andrade:  you'll want to send the creator a private message for that, as comments do not send an email.  you can send the creator a private message by their name at the top right of this page (aqua design innovations) and then clicking "contact me" on the bottom right of the overlay page.  the form you are provided will send an email to the creator.
@creator: is possible to update my shipping address?  i've moved since this campaign started...
has anyone received and ecoqube, maybe take a selfie with it and show us what the final product looked like :d i haven't heard anything yet from the company in terms of tracking numbers or even delayed shipping times :( guess i must be low on the list haha!
@toriless:  don't you think you're overreacting?  'delay' does not mean no product.  it just means the product is coming later than expected in order to correct a problem. . @kalibb vaillancourt:  shipping was -lower- than originally quoted.  did you not read the campaign updates on this before the campaign ended?
i only backed this project because you had previous experience creating a product. apparently you learned not enough from your previous effort.  intent is only part of the solution, results matter as well.  although, i like much of the design changes they have no value if they never exist.
i agree with james. welcome to kickstarter where 95% of the projects you back well have a delay.
@kranthi, if the single focus of your life is waiting for an eqocube, you really need to get out more. an update with progress is better than no update at all
get a grip guys........this is ridiculous "however, it's now in the hands of our fulfillment center." and how did it even got back ordered you guys dont even have a clue what's your production capacity ..........this is pathetic..........get a grip and deliver instead of making promises that it's gonna be awesome.....we felt it's awesome that's why we backed you guys......huge disappointment............
hey i've recently had to move out of my house and need to change my delivery address, looked around but can't find where to send a support request or anything
was told end of september now being told another 3-4 weeks. it's already october. this company has quoted many times for delivery, also stated higher shipping costs than originally quoted. not a good business model guys.
no ecoqube c yet :(
welp... it's october already...
received email stating that they are on their way to distribution centre. possible a few more weeks depending on customs etc. all depends on external shipping speed.
@serena, you sure it wasn't the older model? there are two different ones, this one is smaller
saw an ecoqube being sold at a shop... yet i have to wait another 2 months for mine. :(
vip here. i've emailed them and they haven't replied with an answer.
vip nothing today.
been awhile since i've heard anything from this project. any vip backers confirm they have a tracking number?
vip backer here...still nothing.
its not "the end" of september quite yet, patience!!!
yeah i wonder how the vip backers are doing.
do we know if the vip backers have shipped yet? you said in the last post that they are supposed to arrive at the end of september.
any update on the shipping info ?
@malcolm, copper also toxic to invertebrate such as snail and shrimp (if you planning to keep those in the tank to help control algae growth)
@malcolm, i'd advise against it. whilst copper is an effective algicide and parasite treatment there is a very fine line between just the right dose and too much that will kill the fish.
i heard that if you add some copper wire to the tank it can stop algae. but i dont know if it would affect the fish? would like some views on the subject.
@backers complaining about shipping:  the project page very clearly states in the reward level you chose that there would be additional shipping charged after the campaign was over.  you backed the project despite this.  you have no right to complain about it now. . @b.o-jay: once a kickstarter project ends and has been successfully funded, there is no longer an opportunity to cancel your pledge.  you have until the campaign ends to do your research and decide if this is an investment worth making or not.  since this campaign is over, you no longer have that option here. . @chris read:  that depends on the fish you want to keep.  assuming you're going to be keeping something small, like minnows, two fish will be fine.  anything larger than a slender fish one-inch long will need to be kept solo.  this is why adi recommends a single beta. . @afif:  please remember that this project has over 5000 backers and that the project creators are separated by a major time difference, which slows communication.  if you have contacted the creator recently and have not received a reply, give them some time and then try again.  with 5000 backers, and many of them contacting them, it is probably easy to miss an email here and there. . @sandip badwal:  i think there is a video out there of one somewhere, but i can't remember where it was.  you might look through the updates and see if there's one posted there somewhere.
anyone know if this aquarium makes a lot of noise, whether it be the pump or the sound of water?
i bought the twin pack, $78 + $35 shipping, or $56.50 each landed. converted to currency here + bank fees is nz$84.18 each. reckon i'll flick the 2nd one for more than i paid which will halve the price of the one i'll own. well cheaper than i could ever make it for too so not all bad.
what really sucks about this project is the creator is not active in replying to us, either by comment, pm, or email.
is it even possible to cancel pledge at this level??
will the ecosystem be strong enough to support two fish?
what bs, sterilization is never required in a properly balance aqua environment.  bacteria is the best friend any aquarium will ever have, fools.  that video pissed me off.
nicoleef - i agree it is dishonest to claim $5 us shipping and then it turn out to be over double that cost (260% total) is a pure unprofessional con and left me a reason to consider cancellation but on the other hand they have also included design upgrades for no additional cost so i really think it is a net gain despite their overcharge for most of the "kit" items but i passed on most of those as was my option.  i can get a heater for half what that want, or plant locally for cheaper but at least they are optional unlike the shipping issue.  however, the upgrade to the cover, etc. easily compensate for the shipping problem despite being non-directly related.
although i have often been charged at the time the order was placed then again when it was shipped, every time at dalton books so avoid those scum, i have not had that problem with adi.  i already have several aquariums and recognize the remote, as the same one my bigger tanks.  so, do you have to use the resume button after entering one of the mode like "cloudy moonlight".  my pet peeve with the current usa/ trulumen / ecoxotic timer is you can not use the cloud moonlight for moonlight time instead of the less harsh cloudy moonlight so i always have to overlap the fade out and fade in time to get anything that does not look ugly an unnatural.  anyone who has been in actual water knows it is nor pure blue but faded/pale blue.   i'm sure this make sense to newbies but to aquatic people it is all too familiar.
and here is the rest of that mail for yall that didnt get any yet:  according to this order, you were charged $29 for the remaining shipping costs only because you haven't ordered any add-ons. shipping costs are a bit higher than previously anticipated because we are using multiple distributors based on location, but there is distribution and packing that costs for a roughly 8-10 pound shipment. time factors in as well because we need to meet deadlines to fulfill orders. also, it was stated in the reward tier that shipping was not finalized. we've tried our hardest to be transparent by mentioning it on the reward descriptions itself and sent multiple updates including this information. but we completely understand if you've missed it, it can be a unpleasant surprise. thank you for your patience and support. let us know if you have any other questions! - team adi
finaly got an email from creators. read this funny quote: according to this order, you were charged $29 for the remaining shipping costs only because you haven't ordered any add-ons.  how is this even possible??
anyone already receive ecoqube?
same case happen to me also.
@bz yes i have. i have try to contact them here on ks. pn their email adress. and their homepage email adress. and they dont answer to none of them. clearly something is fishy. how hard can it be to just write one comment to all of us. just to let us know whats going on. but nope. nothing....
can anyone explain what is this double charging issue about? i just receive this. did anyone receive something similar? 02 sep 2015	01 sep 2015	aqua design innovation 858****474 us     56.00 usd
i think the project creator should provide a formal update confirming they are looking into this double charging issue rather than everyone having to fight for themselves
@backers who have been charged twice:  please don't blame the creator for this, and don't report the project.  work with the creator to resolve the issue instead of jumping to unfounded conclusions. . crowdfunding fulfillment assistance sites, like backerkit, can make errors just like any other system can.  send a private message to the creators asking that they look into the issue, and be patient.  remember, they have over 5000 backers to take care of, so responses may be a bit slow.
i've been charged twice as well, and haven't heard anything from info@adiventures.net i'm also pursuing if i don't hear anything soon.
@ b.o-jay...did you email them at info@adiventures.net?
@creator better come out with an answer soon or i will be reporting this project. i have been charged double for shipping and ad ons wich i never choose!!!!!
would be nice to hear from the creator again seeing as we have been charged for backer kit. it's been nearly a month since we've heard anything from them. how are things going?
hey darren, i don't live in the uk but can you by any chance recommend a seller in the u.s.a.? p.s. love your website!
you totally agreed to pay that it's right there in the pledge description and again in at least two other parts of the campaign and they talked about it at length in more than one update.
hello, first of all very nice project, the ecocube is amazing, but my problem is that i pledge an amount of $55usd including shipping, just to find out that i need to pay $20usd more, that is not right, i'm asking for a refund or something because, that's money i don't agree to pay.
for those in the uk, i run www.dwarfshrimp.co.uk - we're currently not selling as we restock over the summer (it's also easier to send when the temperature is less volatile) but as soon as these start landing i'll be offering 25% off to ecoqube backers. just use code "ecoqube". any questions just ask.
@matthew me too, fingers crossed!
i have been charged for add-ons. is shipment imminent?
it really depend on the fish.  a skinny 3 inch cae does not consume twice as much as a fat 1 1/2 inch platy (they can easily be overfed) however a sae is quite skinny also but much more active then just about any other fish.  they love to swim about and nibble.  they need room and plants to clean(nibble algae off) more then gallons.  sae fish love their plant so much the even sleep on them, especially reedy plants, rather then go to the bottom like most aquatic animals.
i have been charged again for shipping and ad-ons for wich i have not selected?? can the @creator chip in...
non-vip (missed it by 6 making sure the company was legit first) and i was charge for the add-on + more shipping charges.
i have just been charged today. cant wait for the delivery to happen.
@chris the general rule is apparently 1 inch of fish per gallon. but as always bigger is better, as adam said a betta will survive in cups of water - it will be up to you to decide whether you want them to live that way but 2 gallons is already much bigger than what many other people put them in.  other fish are shoal fish so you can't just get 1 or 2 so any fish you choose have to be and stay small. sorry to say that but this kind if info should not come as a surprise to you if you. that is not at all the creators fault.
so now this tank cant be used for fish? why would adi offer a wildlife package if the tank isn't right for the contents of the package? i think we need an update to address this issue.
when will the vip be shipped? everything is locked in.
shrimp it is then. thanks @elaine i'm still excited. with the right aquatic plants and moss a shrimp tank looks amazing.
shhh shhh no tears
oh adam that comment makes me sad
if stores can keep a betta in like a cup of water for weeks, i think 2 gallons will be fine
@burt pretty sure only vip charged so far. i have not been charged yet.
has anyone that is not the vip group been charged yet for the addons?
i think it's a little too small for fish to live comfortably, you will have to decide for yourself whether you want to do that.  i plan to do a shrimp setup, from all i've read that should work fine.
wow looked online, a 2 gallon tank is great for shrimp, and some people say a beta if you can keep the stuff inside it to a minimum. but they say if you want a beta you need proper control of the water and heat as things can change drastically fast. any comments on the fish you can have in such a small tank?
guys - who knows when it will be shipped?
@geo i did email them about that a while back and they said they expanded the tank to 2 gallons (which is still too small for fish), but i think shrimp might be alright. i'm no expert though.
all the forums i have found are telling me that 1.5 gallons is not enough space for to humanely house any sort of fish. this includes the ones suggested by the designers. i'm leaning towards doing some sort of shrimp setup. anyone know if they produce enough waste to feed the aquaponics setup?
i need to change my shipping address also.  no one from ecoqube is answering my question.  survey is locked.  now what?
@cm i'm pretty sure you can just use your kickstarter email to make a backerkit backer (not project creator) account, and all your surveys should be there. if that doesn't work, you could try this: https://ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature.backerkit.com/ it says indiegogo but it means kickstarter email.
how do i check back to see what i filled out on the backer survey? all of my saved emails have been wiped and it's been so long that i have no idea what i ordered or where i sent it. any help would be appreciated, thanks.
400k stretch goal is upgraded bubble mailer!!!!!! wow! make sure to share!
@fernando if your backerkit hasn't been locked down, i'm pretty sure you can change your shipping address there.
i relocated and wish to change my address.
@elaine wang ok, thank you for weighing in.  it makes me feel better that i am not the only one
...and to clarify further, that doesn't mean they don't produce good quality, they just produce more cheap quality products than most.
@icywolfe, because most things that break have "made in china" on them. i'm surprised this is news to you? it's fact. china mass produce cheap products more than any other country in the world.
i have no idea why people think "china" = cheap? there are some expensive stuff coming out of china. like parts for my canon camera is from china but the main body is in jp. my computer parts are from china too.
yeap only vip backers have been charged so far, as i am one of them. guys where can i find similar rocks like in the above picture?
@daniel i haven't been charged yet either, so i'm assuming that only the vip backers have been charged so far.
@iain w don't worry, you will get the qube and it will have the lights. you'll just have to get a basil seed in your local supermarket or whatever, and i guess some soil to grow it in. and then just start buying/collecting stuff to put in there.  the addons are nothing needed, just extra bling.
hi so now the delivery for us vips is delayed... is it possible to change the addons from the survey? would love to also buy the remote controll when delivery is delayed... hope this is possible...
hi i am confused about the addons... i just want an aquarium like the one in the picture of this kickstarter, i realise i am in the uk so cant order the plant and the driftwood etc, but zill it come with the light thing above the where the plant will go etc i just dont know what i will get. thanks
it seems as though my add-ons still have not been charged... has anyone else experienced this?
thanks for the update and kudos for holding to the highest quality standards.
thanks for the update guys, sad that shipping for the vip units got delayed but i'm sure we'd all rather that than a faulty pump.
@miles masci:  it was clearly explained in the campaign that backers would be paying additional shipping after the end of the campaign.  the only person you have to whine to is yourself for not paying attention.
backerkit took money from me today so hopefully that means things are progressing well :d will the target of shipping the vip units in august be met?
that was messed up that i had to pay shipping costs twice. did not like that, and was not included in my initial pledge.
@jack r. taylor yang: . https://ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature.backerkit.com/ . visit that link.  you can recover your personal survey there, using your kickstarter email.  it says indiegogo, but your kickstarter email is the one you want to use.
i dun seems to have received the survey. where do i do that?
@erik tan:  i wouldn't think the price would drop just because they moved manufacturing to china.  the reason they moved it to china was because they couldn't get the quality they wanted here in the usa.  so if they dropped the price, they'd be back to sacrificing quality.  i don't think that's what any of us wants.
hi, with the initial promise of made in usa not fulfilled, ain't the price suppose to drop since production in china is so much cheaper and you are charging so much for shipping. please do not end up a fraud company like the other kickstarter program. pls revert.
i'll admit i was originally really discouraged with the original update in which the change to chinese production was announced in a pretty cavalier manner. however, since then communication has been great and i'm very happy with the campaign. i'm really looking forward to getting two of these unique aquariums, thanks for all the hard work guys!
can i please get some response regarding refund?
@michelle harvey and @kim i think you can still add some accessories into your order, as @creator  has not locked down the backerkit survey. you can logon to your backerkit account (if you have the account with them), or you can put your kickstarter email address on backerkit project link to retrieve your survey invite link (https://ecoqube-c-your-window-to-nature.backerkit.com) and it will automatically send you the link to update your pledge and add-ons. note that project creator mistakenly name it as indiegogo campaign on the backerkit link above instead of kickstarter. you have to put your kickstarter email address and not indiegogo email (if you have it). hope this helps...
is it too late for add-ons?  i'd really appreciate some clear information. we're really excited about this project - it looks awesome!
@pate your reading comprehension sucks. vips cubes are produced & shipped first, only if a vip wants something extra they have to wait the same time as the normal backers who are still planned for november. to be able to deliver in nov they will produce the cubes until sept und then get ready to pack & ship
does anyone know how far ahead the shipping date is for the "normal" ecocube c's? the update mentions september which i take to mean september 2016 -- ovea a year from now. the update mentioned additional stuff that are part of the "september" delivery esimate but any idea what those are?
thanks for the latest update with all of the videos. i am so happy i backed this project. you really care about the quality of the product and sustainability. i can't wait to receive my ecoqube c and show it to everyone i know!
is it too late to add more ad ons to my package? if not, how do i do that? thanks.
please refund my pledge, thank you!
@creator thanks for amazingly thorough update. wish all kickstarter project update are as good as this. keep them coming please, i really enjoy reading the progress on how my pledge being made...
awesome update, thanks guys!
i have yet to receive a email for the survey link. please send it soon.
i would like to add the led remote to one of my cubes order, if i add a remote to one of them will the other one still get sent prior? if so can you provide a link to the survey so i can add the additional remote to one of my cubes list of items. thanks
@adi can we get some form of a formal update soon? i would love to know how the project is progressing and all that. it's too silent over here from the creators (who are working hard, i know). just want something so i can see how things are going!
and if you happen to want a refund i'm pretty sure you just have to email them, and wait patiently.
if anyone would like to know, i emailed adi about the size of the tank and they said they have recently changed the size from 1 to 2 gallons since their last update. still too small for fish in my opinion, but i guess it's better than nothing.
did anyone else get any information on how to get a refund?
hey eco-cube. i just got a survey on delivery and add ons. i pledged during the early bird period. the program seems to think i owe the regular amount: http://screencast.com/t/mi7cff0u can you resolve this?  not sure if other backers are having this issue.
@tiffany ahh, didn't know you backed that one. it's an awesome little toy, but honestly since i got it, my keys haven't been handy when i've needed to open a bottle, so i haven't even used it yet! i'm a sucker for novelty, though. and that's why i'm backing the dice  and ecocube. well, i'm actually backing ecocube because i want fish (and lavender, if it'll grow) in my office, but honestly there are other ways to do that so... novelty. :) and, for the record, i'm not stalking you on kickstarter, i swear :p
@keith:  talking about the mischief dice?  i'm still backing them.  the other one we both backed was pico, and i backed out of it last minute.
while i'm in the same boat kinda wishing we had an update, i'm sure the guys will get back to us soon - i imagine they're under the pump trying to sort out manufacturing to get the initial 600 units out to the vip backers for august on top of trying to sort out refunds and then the much larger batch for everyone else later in the year. and with them now spread between opposite sides of the world it can't be helping matters.
@tiffany you're not still backing the aluminum dice?
@creator could you post an update regarding manufacturing and delivery timeline soon? we know a not-insignificant number of people are requesting refunds and that is likely messing with your logistics, so we'd like to be kept in the loop as much as possible.
can i please have a refund? thank you.
@keith bronstrup:  looks like there was only one more that we both backed, but i ended up pulling my backing from the other one last-second.
@tiffany fordyce very well said. also, hi again!! what other projects are we both backing, i wonder?
what is the status of this project now? will i get the ecoqube on august? i'm from malaysia. looking forward for your reply soon.
any info when we will get the ecocube?
@gilherme machado:  it isn't about the other backers, however.  it's about the spirit of kickstarter.  many backers in the us backed this project -because- of the promise to manufacture here at home (myself included).  that promise was broken.  as an international backer, that promise means nothing to you, but to those of us here at home who backed specifically for that reason, the change in location means a lot to us. also, china is not in europe, so quite frankly, i don't see why you're up in arms about the whole thing in the first place. that said, i personally have decided to stick with the project due to the creators' willingness to be honest about their mistakes and remedy them as best they can to their backers.  they may be slow to respond, but i'm well aware that they are swamped and working from different time zones.  communication is delayed even between the members of adi, so communication to the backers can also expect to be delayed.  this doesn't bother me, so long as communication does continue... and it has continued.
please refund me as well, sadly.
you guys understand not all backers are americans, don't you? it's very sad that you would not consider buy something that i could produce at home in europe.
please contact me about a refund, thanks.
i too would like to request for refund. was not aware mfg has move to china, till i see comment below from stephen.
after much reflection and consideration we have accepted aqua design's offer to refund our purchase of two units after the change in manufacturing partner. we felt a great deal of the spirit of the project was lost with the decision to move production outside of the country. at this time our local manufacturers need us to stand up for them and vote with our wallets. sadly that means we are not able to support this project further. good luck to those who continue with it.
please refund me,how can i do?
*ignorance
i'm a bit confused about the led remote. can the led colors be adjusted from the cube itself or is the remote the only way of having different lightning conditions? is the color changing led included in all ecocubes? can we control the light properties via 3rd party ir controls by sending the correct ir signals? asking this because already filled the survey and would hate to miss nicer lightning because of ignoranxe. :)
wouldn't it be better if the led with remote is something that we can install it ourselves? that way early backers can get their ecoqube faster.
@sean the only thing you need to be careful with for the addons is that you'll have to probably pay custom fees on them. this is why i will buy local.
i understand why people are getting upset at the international shipping charges since most people (myself included) figured with the amount of backing it would maybe be an additional $15-20usd at most. at $30 extra it's fairly hefty and there may be similar products available locally that are cheaper with the added shipping cost. in saying that - they're not charging any extra shipping for addons and the addons from what i've seen compared to locally (at least here in australia) are quite reasonably priced. so i'm happy to pay for the shipping and i've added myself on a heater and thermometer since these are being custom made for the ecoqube too. looking forward to receiving my ecoqube in august (hopefully) - i would've liked to have got the remote addon however as this will most likely end up on my desk at work, i don't want to have the risk of the remote being stolen. @adi will all the functions on the remote be usable on the device as it stands (as i understand it the weather effects at a minimum are usable without the remote) or is the remote required for colour changing etc.?
i would also like a refund. thanks
+1 jacob some people which are too ignorant to read properly about shipping charges are now cry foul.  little they realize that it is their own fault in the first place... some people (especially usa based) also pampered too much and getting used to zero shipping charges on most kickstarter campaign. now some of them upset on a mere $6 additional money, even though some additional money are clearly stated on the pledge...
at people complaining at the shipping charges. "additional shipping costs will be requested based on volume and location. shipping rates fluctuate dramatically based on volume (especially for international backers) and we want to give you our best shipping rates." says right in the pledge, so you should start reading the pledges before spending your money.
as much as i love this project, the additional shipping makes it to much for me to pay.  please refund my money. thank you.
i have a question will your website have the heater and other addons we see (minus controller) cause i dont want to spend that much if i dont know where i will be placing the tank at the moment.  if i place it in the bedroom i will later need to get the heater but dont want to spend now and i have other areas i can place it at which wont need heater but like it is it all depends where i decide to place it
many of us backers are annoyed at the extra shipping charges, i pledged a certain amount and i have no desire to pay a penny more. i'm sorry but either ship at the original price or refund my money. thank you.
you gave us 3 days to complete survey. can you please tell me exactly when you will be charging debit cards? i need to pay shipping and add few add ons but i haven't got any spare money planned for next few days.
ok, finally managed to edit the order - still bugged about an additional $35 postage to the uk - poor guys, very poor.
i found my survey email, and all add-ons are locked down, so i can't seemingly add any. sort this out please, and give more than 3 days during the summer holiday season!
please refund me
i understand that fish/seeds can't be sent, but i am in canada, am i able to get the heater as an addon? it should work here no problem or is there some other reason it is us only
whoever missed their survey mails, please check your spam/junk/crap folder.
thanks for the update re: add-ons. i have gone for the heater, remote and stronger led as these are the things that seem unique and that i won't be able to add-on/buy locally. i wasn't too convinced with the fish feeder - is it not quite big for the ecoqube? i think i might try and hack my own.... maybe with a tube delivery system to not small the aesthetics of the ecoqube.
you sent me an e-mail about the led lighting as an add on, but i wasnt able to find a section to press to actually add this item on to my original order . i was only redirected to a different site that sold add ons seperately. malcolm jacks.
hi ecoqube i am a little bit surprised about how you are going on with clients. i've backed a pledge for a 148 us$ and now you are coming back to me and want to get some more money because it seems that your shipping crew didn't made their work correctly for your clients in europe. could you please explaim me why i have to pay you another 35 us$ or is it a missunderstanding? kind regards martin
please refund my money. thanks
hi ecoqube creator i ownder what combination and how many of animals are included in ecoqube compatible livestock package? there's mentioning shrimp snails and crowntail betta. i don't expect i will have 1 of each for $39. can you add some clarification?
can you please resend the email for the backetkit/survey ?
i didn't get the email to do the survey. please resend.
amelia, if you want to edit your cart, just find the email they sent you confirming your survey entry, scroll down, and click edit cart. or just go to the backerkit website and you should be able to find it (not sure if this works, just use the email method).  lisa, did you check your spam? use the search function of your mail, and search for "backerkit".
okay well, i am completely lost.  i don't remember getting a survey or a request to order anythng additional, i've looked and looked and can't seem to find where to order anything additional and now i have only 3 days to do it?  help!  direction please!   lisa
i tried changing my add-ons by clicking on "survey" on the fullsite looking at eco-cube. it said the survey has not been sent by adi.  i completed the survey but would love to add some add-ons and can not figure out how to do this.
ordering add one is impossible.   no info in the communications
to meet even
chris, that's the text for a stretch goal.we failed tip net the stretch goal, therefore, no free remote.
@ adi still waiting to hear why you are not providing a remote to us after claiming we would quoted here: "everyone will now have a remote to conveniently control their ecoqube c’s led lights to enable lightning and cloudcover functions!"
can you resend my survey for add-ons? i seem to have missed it somehow.
found it in my "junk" folder.  all good ;)
i believe there's a heater for us-only and int'l. probably due to the 110 vs. 220 thing.
sorry for the confusion, but has the survey gone out yet?  and if so is there a place i can access it?
anyway, a step back: so basically, if an august gets a remote, he moves to november. if a november gets a remote, he stays in november. am i right? sorry but i'm quite confused now.
still, a us-only heater?
yeah, forgot about that :)
*because of the time it requires for development of this feature, august deliveries will not have this feature but after the campaign, vip backers will have the option to choose to add this feature for free (if stretch goal is met). adding this feature will delay shipping from august to november. this will only apply to vip backers who would like to add the led remote control to their order. i don't get why everyone is so sour. they said the 100k would be used to develop the remote, and they said it would be included if we met the stretch goal (hint: even with the 100k added on, we didn't).
everyone will now have a remote to conveniently control their ecoqube c’s led lights to enable lightning and cloudcover functions! everyone indeed. yeah right.
@creator, with the delay created by ordering the remote, will you delay the shipping of livestock to accommodate the "break in" time of the aquarium?
i also thought we will get the remote control for free... with the high international delivery costs, the amount now is way higher than i thought at the support of the campaign. i really hope quality is really good and the system works as described. another question when i buy the remote control i have to wait till november? is it possible to built it on my own? can you support data about how to built it?
if you could leave a link to your pm in a comment, i'm sure more people would use it.  just a thought.
hey there backers! over this past week, we’ve received a ton of super supportive messages from you guys! thank you all so much for the encouragement and support! =) an update will be sent out in the next day that answers most if not all your questions regarding the addons! feel free to message us if we’ve missed any! we apologize for falling behind on answering your questions! we’ve recently lost a core team member that played a key role in running the kickstarter campaign and that was able to answer all your questions immediately. we currently only have 2 very capable full time team members in the us to continue help our community as i (kevin) am working full time with our manufacturing team in asia to ensure quality production. i’ve already extended my trip to 1+ month! we want to take the time across timezones to make sure we’re providing the correct answers before responding, so we really appreciate your patience! will make sure all your questions are answered in a timely manner moving forward =) to ensure all your questions are answered, please send your questions via pm as it is much easier to keep track. on any given day, we can receive up to 100 requests, emails and questions and we want to make sure you all get the appropriate responses!
@ matt, we refunded you within 20 minutes of receiving your message =)
please refund my money. thanks.
@arth: thanks ah...finally found it... @adi: if the items gonna ship out from singapore and us, how come i have to pay extra us20?
but where ist the problem to put those answers into an update?!?!?!?!? i can't believe, that it will last more than 4 hours to collect and answer all the questions regarding to the add-ons (shipping seams to be a extensive topic for an extra update).
i also received this response to a previous question about getting a seocnd ecoqube c for a gift: sorry about the delayed response. yes, the ecoqube c ordered through backerkit will include a lid and timer like the original. thank you for your patience and support! - team adi
darren, i received this email from them about the lighting: yes even without the remote, you'll be able to change the led lighting options to cloud cover/lightning manually. all the colors and scenarios will be offered with the brighter led's as well. lets u know if you have any more questions! thank you for your support - team adi
so excited for the ecoqube! great job so far adi!
many of us have buyers remorse due to the business practices of the manufacturer of the ecocube. how come i have to pay $7 extra in us shipping that was paid for in the original ks. great effort has been made to upsell add-ons to the product and receive additional information about the purchaser. in addition, the added funds appear to be going outside ks for shipping, add ons and requested additional information. the trust is broken and i will not provide additional credit card information. i don't feel these practices are consistent with the ks ethic. the ecocube is being treated as a leader to sell additional product. i would kindly ask for a refund or ship the product at the price as purchased in ks.
when i pledge for this project shipping cost was showing up as $6 in usa (total was $49+$6=$55). but now when i am trying to collect my reward it is saying i need to pay $13 ... what is this? this is not fair.
still waiting for further details of options before i can complete backerkit......
@jimmy lee - it's stated in their comment 6 days ago: "to clarify, ecoqube c will be shipped out of singapore and us."
@adi  i remember reading on one of the updates that you were using extra funding received from some contest (that we could help vote on)  to complete the remote stretch goal. why is it then listed under add-ons? is this for extra remotes or has that changed?
if you're in the us it's guaranteed that the add-ons will be cheaper via amazon or local store. i've already priced it out and it's way cheaper to just go local.  instead of buying the fish here i can go to store and get it for less than $5 and get exactly the color and type i want.  only thing i got was the rock mountain because it's custom made for the smaller enclosures. everything i've seen online is way to big or cheap looking
i sent a pm to the creator 4 days ago and still haven't heard a response. my question is regarding the fish that they are offering to sell as an add-on. in the fine print, it says that the fish won't ship until november or december. i was one of the lucky early birds and will be getting my cube in august (*fingers crossed*), so what am i supposed to do with my cube between august and november/december. i would really prefer to use the creator's fish because of the extra effort they put into protecting and prolonging the fish's health, but am i really supposed to wait potentially 4 months from when i get the cube, to when i can use it? it seems like i have no choice but to purchase the fish from someone else, but so far they haven't given me any other option (or even a reply).
i'd like some info on the heater. size? power? temperature? thermostat or at least an hours on/hours off function? i'd hate to have fish soup, be it hot or thawed...
i really wish we could get some sort of update going over all of the options from the backerkit survey.  does anyone know the difference between the "aquatic plant soil" and the plain old sand?  will the plants not grow in the sand alone?  do i need both sand and soil... or is it a one or the other thing?  i too am reluctant to fill out my survey until i have more information.  if we don't get some help with that, i guess i'll just skip any add ons and visit my local aquarium store. i'm guessing the pricing would be a little better too.  $40 for a couple of small pieces of wood seems a bit steep.
hey there, i've sent you two pm's and asked the same question in the comments section to no avail. please can you answer the question below, also asked by @david, also in the uk. i'm asking again - please could you respond this time? i look forward to hearing from you. here goes, take four! - @adi - please could you tell us how you will be marking these rewards for customs purposes? i have added allot of add-ons but if you are going to declare everything at full retail value it will be cheaper to buy similar items locally. please bare in mind that the original reward was not purchased it is exactly as the name states - a 'reward' - we didn't purchase it we pledged monies to help you raise funds to further your company by creating a new product line. therefore it should be marked as a gift or sample - this is not breaking any laws. i've backed over 500 projects, across various platforms, and the majority of perks or rewards are shipped that way to ensure backers aren't stung by hefty import duties. one would hope that the $35 shipping fee would cover any further duty or taxes? please could you advise before you lock down backerkit so i know whether or not i should keep my add-ons or remove them. i appreciate your help in this matter & look forward to hearing from you. cheers guys!
can anybody tell me if i can get a refund?
@jonny g i might be wrong, but i think i read somewhere that the colour option was then cancelled.
@jonny g another good question for them to ignore
please can you clarify, if you do not order the remote, are you still able to change the led lighting and select the options such as cloud cover and lightening. also are all colour and scenario options available when you select the brighter led? i cannot complete the backer kit until i know if cam still control these features without a remote. thanks
did anyone get a colour selection option as part of their backerkit survey? below is the original blurb: stretch goal #2: 350k how does it work? when we hit this next stretch goal, we will have enough volume of ecoqube cs manufactured to customize the color of your ecoqube c! after the campaign ends, you can choose from the wide array of colors offered in a survey sent to you via email. because of your awesomeness and volume on kickstarter itself, this will only be available on kickstarter! so spread the love, let your friends know they can get the ecoqube c in color and help all our fellow backers achieve their own custom ecoqube cs!
@arth: how do you know the item is shipping out from singapore??
@adi, i have requested 6 times for a refund over the past two weeks. can you please send me a response
with a littler research it turns out local fish stores have a larger selection of stuff at cheaper prices (for me personally)
the add on descriptions on backerkit are still woefully inadequate for noobs like me. please update, or at least send out an update explaining add-on items in detail soon.
question! when do we need to have our backerkit survey turned in by? i want to buy fun plants and things for my new fishie but i don't get paid for a while.
adi, could you advise on the shipping for singapore user before we complete the survey? also, does the addon ecoqube comes with accessories e.g. cover?
adi, i have sent you guys an email and message asking about local pickup and no reply.
hi adi, why is shipping so expensive for backers in singapore when you're already shipping from singapore? local postage for such a package should cost approximately usd5.
not sure if you have my address..please confirm. thanks howard  mayer, florida
@rl:  the adi team is pretty swamped with pm's and emails right now.  i've contacted them twice, and it's taken them a few days both times to get back with me.  be patient.  they're pretty good about responding, but it takes a while to get through a ton of emails!
send two pm without any response :(
@tiffany - thanks, managed to find it.
ok - so we had actually already partly paid for the shipping. not as bad as i thought, then! and if you can please label the delivery in a way that ensures we don't get hit with mega-taxes when it arrives in the uk, that would be much appreciated!
@aaron:  the survey would have been sent to you by email.  they are using backerkit, not kickstarter, for the survey.
i have a question for anyone who can answer it (creator or backer, whichever!). i would like to have some small danios in my ecoqube c if possible, but i'm reading that danios do better in schools of five or more. this gives me two possibilities for danios, but i don't know which one is the best option or if having danios is simply not a good option at all. first possibility:  have two danios (which seems to be about the right amount of fish for this size tank) and risk stress due to the lack of additional fish in the school. second possibility:  have five danios (which is really the minimum recommendation for the species) and risk problems related with overcrowding. if you happen to be a fish/aquarium expert and know what the best way to go about this is, i'd love to hear it... whether that's to pick one of the above options or to avoid danios altogether.
honestly i am very disappointed. i was disappointed with the last one but i was told that they worked out their issues and to give them another chance.... i really wish i hadn't!  i am shocked at how the shipping has been such a mess... i am shocked at how they are making it so confusing as to what you are getting with the unit so at least you know what to get as an add on because that was a huge complaint last time. i guess all of the things that they said that they were learning from their mistakes meant that they were going to repeat them again....  i wish i had not given them a 2nd chance.... the idea of this is wonderful but they need to have real business people handling it because they are not able to handle customers or customer service problems....
@adi - please could you tell us how you will be marking these rewards for customs purposes? i have added allot of add-ons but if you are going to declare everything at full retail value it will be cheaper to buy similar items locally. please bare in mind that the original reward was not purchased it is exactly as the name states - a 'reward' - we didn't purchase it we pledged monies to help you raise funds to further your company by creating a new product line. therefore it should be marked as a gift or sample - this is not breaking any laws. i've backed over 500 projects, across various platforms, and the majority of perks or rewards are shipped that way to ensure backers aren't stung by hefty import duties. one would hope that the $35 shipping fee would cover any further duty or taxes? please could you advise before you lock down backerkit so i know whether or not i should keep my add-ons or remove them. i appreciate your help in this matter & look forward to hearing from you. cheers guys!
on the updates page it says the survey is available, but when i look at the project and click survey, it says it isn't ready yet. is the survey being rolled out in waves or something, just curious?
i think our dear creators need an update course on economics.  creator accepting a lower profit margin for additional units still means that the other backers are subsidizing the shipping costs because that reduced margin could have been applied as cheaper eco cubes for all backers and have everybody else pay their fair shipping price.
@paul christopher i'm guessing that such items are not manufactured together with the cube in china, but rather from their business in the states. so the change of manufacturing location probably won't change anything in that regard.
so i guess my only remaining question is are the us backers still receiving the soil, seeds, and biological medium like it states in the rewards?
ummmm canada uses 110v here.. not 220... so can you fix the shipping on the 110v heater to include canada... eh??
eh? you guys are shipping from singapore and shipping to singapore (ie, shipping locally) is still $29? that's kinda expensive...
hey backers! thanks for letting us know the information you need. our next update will be about recommended addons and why. if you have any questions you need us to answer please message us. we will try to monitor the comments but it is a challenge to make sure all the questions are answered with the format here. we'd love to continue hearing your thoughts and comments though! great comments with suggestions letting us know how we can be better or what we can change really helps us learn and improve! in short, the ecoqube c comes with the basic items for your ecoqube to work! =) the addons posted are simply items many of our backers have asked for. additional addons are simply for decoration or further enhancing your experience by providing you with more automation, features, etc. short list of what we put in our ecoqube c: sand/ soil mountain stone (makes your tank look incredible and professional immediately) anubias nana petite to add greenery inside the tank itself livestock package to populate the aquarium a really cool addon may be the remote control feature. we gave a couple prototypes of this to kids and both kids and parents have a blast with it bringing more attention to the amazing concept of aquaponics. then if you would like your ecoqube to stay 20-30% cleaner longer (in case of over feeding or fish diseases) the uv sterilizer may be best for you. there are 2 different heaters. one for us 110 volts and another for intl 240v. we wanted to guide you to the right item by raising shipping for different countries to prevent them from adding the wrong voltage. we honestly tried to think of everything we could before sending this out. we're very sorry to the backers who've felt we've done this wrong. the average international shipping as we mentioned is $45+. we are subsidizing the shipping most. we used a average price because without the other backers adding volume, none of us would get those shipping rates. additional ecoqubes added on by backers don't raise their price not because other backers pay for it but it's because we're subsidizing using the margin from the 2nd ecoqube they've added. we've looked very thoroughly at other campaigns with a similar sized product (11lbs) and we can quite confidently say we've got the lowest international shipping rates we've seen so far because our team has put so much time and effort into it. to clarify, ecoqube c will be shipped out of singapore and us. to give other backers that are new to the comments sections context, these are the previous comments we've posted addressing all if not most of the issues. if quoted, our intended meaning may be taken out of context unintentionally. here are our previous comments: including additional items and additional ecoqubes will not increase shipping. we've tried extremely hard and have literally spent the last month searching for the lowest shipping costs internationally and was very optimistic with our volume to have prices as low as $28 for international packages (estimated by providers) as mentioned in previous updates but after we received the backer data and sent it over to our fulfillment providers, our fulfillment providers told us that because the ~1800 packages going international are scattered across so many different countries, some off countries cost up to $90+ for shipping and the more common countries with couple hundred ecoqubes going there are at $30. the average being $45+. this was not something we could foresee because we only had the data for our fulfillment provider to analyze post campaign. if any of you know of a cheaper, more reliable provider, we would be more than happy to switch but we've honestly talked to nearly a dozen providers. we were only able to decrease domestic shipping compared to the ecoqube 1. we've tried our hardest to be transparent by mentioning it on the reward descriptions itself and sent multiple updates including this information. but we completely understand if you've missed it, it can be a unpleasant surprise. we've learned through multiple campaigns that there tends to be the most changes during the fulfillment and manufacturing aspects of the campaign. we've seen many other products' creators we personally know or have backed that are having trouble delivering because they did not make hard decisions quick enough to make necessary changes or adjustments to ensure on time delivery of a quality product. this is why we've been so quick to make these decisions like the 100% shift in manufacturing in asia just in the past month. with production starting just in a few days, we know we've made the best decision and we're super glad we made it quickly. we understand these changes post campaign can be shocking but we know it is for the greater good of the campaign. if you would like a refund because of the changes, we're happy to provide you with a refund if you send a message to info@adiventures.net referencing this message. we apologize for not explaining in further detail in the update why we made the shift back to our original assembling manufacturer in china. we truly really wanted to do the manufacturing in the us. it would be much easier for us and is almost exactly the same price after shipping and taxes (maybe more expensive coming from china). if we were able to find a manufacturer with the same expertise and quality control as our previous manufacturer, doing it in the us would be faster and easier for all of us. we wouldn’t have to pay for our own machines and per unit cost would likely be even cheaper than importing from china. we wanted to avoid getting into details on how the manufacturer of the ecoqube 1 was superior to our experience with the us manufacturer thus far but it may be the only way to convey why we’ve had to make this very hard decision. the us manufacturer we’ve been working with had been delaying our trial production runs of just 32 units. we can’t imagine what the delay might look like with almost 7000 total units to our backers. we built the first few prototypes with them in november of 2014. they came out great and we checked for maximum capacity and got a quote for 3000 unit production runs. even though the prototypes were delivered a bit late, everything else looked great and we were thrilled and decided we would produce all future ecoqube c’s with them. they’ve always delivered great quality (as you’ve seen in photos and videos) but unfortunately, they’ve always been late. our in house engineer provided finalized design drawings for production april 23rd for 32 unit trial production samples. we didn’t receive them all until nearly the end of may with over 20 units that were missing a key functionality. that was less than 1 unit per day production rate and 60% + defective rate. given they needed time to learn more about the product, setup and make minor changes for production, etc., we also needed a manufacturer with expertise in mass production engineering and quality control and do it all in a timely manner. from our experience in manufacturing the ecoqube 1, there are always going to be issues when mass producing a product for the first time and we need someone that can problem solve in parallel with us to meet our deadlines and provide expertise that we lack. it is impossible to manufacture a new product if lead times per iteration take up to 1 month. we still plan on using them for less time sensitive and lower volume prototyping and product testing, as they’re the best we’ve dealt with in all of southern california. after much more thought, we knew we had to have a plan b so we reached out to our previous manufacturers giving them the same drawings we sent to our us manufacturer and within 1 week, we had 3 fully functioning units fully assembled, packaged, and all the kinks were worked out. something that may have taken several months to do with our available resources in the us. in addition, they even offered to have an entire team dedicated to the production of the ecoqube c and if we purchased our own machines, they would keep it at their factory free of charge to us just to produce the ecoqube c. they would then use their expertise to constantly iterate and make the ecoqube c as best as they can. there are also many other details regarding manufacturing i did not include in this comment but with this information, you can clearly see why even though we really wanted to produce in the us, we’ve chosen to use our previous manufacturer who we know we can depend on 100%. from the day we sent them the ecoqube c drawings (end of may) until now, they’ve already gone through over a dozen design changes to make the ecoqube c that much better and have setup 6 of our own machines dedicated just to the ecoqube c.
would appreciate some feedback on what the recommended add-ons should be for a basic kit. do i need soil or sand? what is the difference for the livestock? could really use some help here guys!
in the survey, there are quite a few add-ons listed.  what exactly comes with the ecoqube -c?  if there is nothing, is there a "kit" or package add-on you could offer which would help the ecoqube-c look like what's shown in the picture and help some of us noobs get started off on the right foot?  :-)
to be completely honest i was a bit surprised with shipping cost but considering size/volume it's not that high. they also put information in pledge description that shipping cost is based on location. i love free things but nothing is free in 2015...
looks like they are working well with us
this is a copy and paste of a email i got a few minutes ago aqua design innovations says: hi mark, thank you for contacting us and we apologize for the miscommunication. that was a mistake on our part for not making it clear. we’ve gone ahead and corrected the descriptions. you will be receiving a cover and the automatic timing function for all the units in your package, not just one. again, we apologize for the miscommunication and thank you for working with us through this. please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions/concerns. thank you,  team adi
really wish the creators would clear up the confusion about add-ons
@kieran i wasn't sure if i just missed it the first time or not thanks for clearing that up
a thermometer for $9. that better not be the dollar cheap thermometer from ebay...
i would like to know how does the thermometer, betta hammock, and the fish net looks like before i put my money on it. and does the thermometer uses a battery or is it connected to the ecoqube board??
@mark p no they must have changed that. it didn't originally say x4. must say a strange way of doing it. but glad it's been fixed!!
this is a copy and paste of the faq at the current # of backers, international shipping will cost between $25-$39. domestic shipping will cost between $10-$20. with volume, we hope to drop shipping prices of domestic to $6 and intl shipping to $18 (not including fees and handling. before we launched this campaign, we shopped around to find the best rates for our backers and realized the large fluctuations in pricing based on volume ranging from $15 all the way to $90 to some countries. we didn't want to over estimate to cover our costs but rather see what the volume was going to be then send out a finalized shipping price after the end of the campaign. thank you for backing us!
and i'm going to continue to back ecoqube c. they have been straight forward with us all the way including the shipping.
oops mie = mine
mybe we misread the cart on backer kit this is a copy and paste of mie the format is off but it's still understandable. x4 qty: 1 cart edit pledge questions pledge level items pledge level	 aquarium cover x 4 qty: 1 pledge level	 automatic timing function x 4 qty: 1 pledge level	 science project kit pdf qty: 1 pledge level	 ecoqube c qty: 4
i would like to cancel my order but not cancel my support, how can i do that?
please explain why the shipping fee from china to hong kong need us$29?
i have to agree with dylan that taking average is not a good idea. i don't want to pay others' shipping fee, or have others bear my burden. it would be much fair and simple if everyone pay their own.
i have to agree with dylan that taking average is not a good idea. i don't want to pay others' shipping fee, or have others bear my burden. it would be much fair and simple if everyone pay their own.
they have been very gracious with this whole thing. very professional considering the uncertain shipping actually was laid out before the close of the campaign. their mistake was charging 7 usd shipping when pledging which made everyone feel like that would be shipping cost, which led to many surprised backers. they are now offering refunds so everyone calm down.
@gary did you not read what you've pledged for? it was all laid out from the get go.  they are even offering refunds.  at this point you're embarrassing yourself. "additional shipping costs will be requested based on volume and location. shipping rates fluctuate dramatically based on volume (especially for international backers) and we want to give you our best shipping rates."
btw the report this problem to kickstarter button is at the bottom of the campaign page, not this one.  please do it or businesses like this will never learn.
i wrote the following to kickstarter and encourage all of you to scroll to the bottom of the page and click the "report to kickstarter" button to prevent shady scammers like this from going on kickstarter again. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- i'd like to report eco cube for not living up to their billing on their project. i understand that you probably can't do and anything about it this kickstarter but seeing they have had two on your site and plan more i'd like to help prevent future people from getting bilked like we have on this current kickstarter. just look at their last update, every single comment is a complaint. basically what has happened is that they took our money then told us we won't get our product unless we both a) give them more money and b) give them our personal information. there is no way to get the product without giving your age, gender, work, income, etc and then you need to give them more money. that's very unprofessional. i've already contacted them about it and they basically said tough luck, answer the questions and give us the money or you get nothing for your $55. (this was via email) i'm not naive or unrealistic about how kickstarter works. you can't prevent everything from happening and you can't penalize companies post campaign.  you can however put pressure on this company to treat their customers better in the future because you don't want to lose the trust of your donors and be associated with shady practices. i think its important that practices like this company are doing don't become the norm for kickstarters or this site could lose the good will of its base.  after this was a "kickstarter staff pick", what are we to think if projects you hand pick take advantage of their backers like this? thank you for your time, i look forward to hearing from you. -gary-
some clarification on the addons would be great. does the rock look exactly like what's in the photo? are there large variations of it - if so, i would almost prefer to see something locally that i know i will like before buying it. with the fish, is there a guarantee they will survive? are they shipped a month later or how much later after the cube? i'm at least assuming they would not be shipped with it.
when will i ever learn? i backed trigger-trap and lost a ton of money. i backed eco-cube and now have to subsidize international shipments. another poor business model. i'm glad target, lands end, and amazon don't do this or they would be out of business. yes, it was stated upfront that shipping would be adjusted, but i figured that would be for my shipping charge only, not some guy in another country. no no no!!!
ok adi cleared up shipping, how about explaining what comes with the cube?  the backerkit seems to not list some things that we are supposed to have
why does a $15 heater cost $50 to ship to canada??? https://www.evernote.com/l/aahoxisdv65el7t5vwvyfhvegqshwzcbmdw
please answer to my inquiry. thanks
i am also substitising those who bought more than one unit ! not a chance mate. not a chance !!!!!!!!! they should be paying postage costs on every additional unit!!! if i order 1 unit i am substituting others for; extra qubes accessories  and postage that is as high as $90 to some people. so pathetic ! disgusting business plan.
why the hell are people subsidising other peoples postage costs! if my postage cost is $20, and someone else's is $90, the postage cost is now set at $35. that is $15 i am giving to a complete stranger. i go to work, i dont just give it away! if the person having to pay $90 postage cancels, and misses out, 4 people save $15 each! and will actually proceed with their transaction. right now, i can see a lot of people cancelling !
hi, i have some questions to your survey: - why do you need those questions? what does my age/gender or working situation refer to your ecocube project?!? (european privacy policy for example says that you are not allowed to collect data you don't really need - yes i know it's only european law) and i also have some questions to your add-ons: - what kind of fish feeder is it? (design; size; capacity; powermanagment; attachment to ecocube) - what kind of heater (220v ac) is it? (design; size; heating power; mounting position) thanks
'heavy expensive to ship'
i know you us backers are a little mad about the 7 usd but please do me a favor and buy some heavy expensive addons so we can rob them blind on extra shipping
thx creators, now i'm mad too. 'we could not foresee that shipping to some countries would be more expensive'? wtf? also my hippie brain was kind of ok with subsidizing the higher shipping for some guys in more expensive countries but now i'm also paying for everybody who orders several units and you don't charge extra when they purchase addons which mainly us backers can do????  are you freaking kidding me??????????
actually i have a second question as well. is the led dimmable or just on/off white light and on/off blue night light?  this will determine if i buy a remote or not. if this is addressed somewhere and i missed it, my apologies. also, am i correct in understanding that seeds are included, but not the aquatic plant soil?
add me to the list waiting to complete survey until the "one auto timer for multiple ecoqubes" issue is addressed.
ok you've addressed the issues with shipping. sort of. but i bought two ecoqubes, so why am i getting only 1 automatic timer? is that a misprint?
hi adi when i changed my order from a single ecoqube to 4, i expected all 4 units to come with the cover and automatic timing function. however the backerkit states otherwise. if you are not providing all 4 with the additional functions, then adi is not acting in good faith as nowhere in the campaign page does it state that only 1 ecoqube will be provided with the rewards per order. if the increase in shipping is unavoidable, then at least provide more value to your product by including all achieved rewards. please clarify!
i really want to get this! but the shipping rate should be too high! can i change my destination from hong kong to usa? thanks
i get only a cover and a time control if my pledge for 4 ecoqube? thank you for your answer ...
what kind of nonsense is why you raised the price of international shipping! it's crazy, very expensive shipping $ 39 !!!! i support your project, i was guided by the amount that was available! i'm not willing to pay more more ... very bad! you supported many users, and now you want to build for delivery as much as you have collected for the project ??? 2500000 $ for shipping ???
@adi, you stated that you "were only able to decrease domestic shipping compared to the ecoqube 1" and only address international shipments in all your recent answers, yet you are asking for 7 dollars more for domestic. is this accurate? i want to make sure before i pay anything considering we already paid 6 dollars shipping. is your last post relevant to domestic backers as well?
@adi can you break down what's included in our pledge vs. the add-ons?  seems to be some overlap.  also can you explain what add-ons are "necessary" for fish etc?
thank you tiffany for assisting us in clarifying this! including additional items and additional ecoqubes will not increase shipping. we've tried extremely hard and have literally spent the last month searching for the lowest shipping costs internationally and was very optimistic with our volume to have prices as low as $28 for international packages (estimated by providers) as mentioned in previous updates but after we received the backer data and sent it over to our fulfillment providers, our fulfillment providers told us that because the ~1800 packages going international are scattered across so many different countries, some off countries cost up to $90+ for shipping and the more common countries with couple hundred ecoqubes going there are at $30. the average being $45+. this was not something we could foresee because we only had the data for our fulfillment provider to analyze post campaign. if any of you know of a cheaper, more reliable provider, we would be more than happy to switch but we've honestly talked to nearly a dozen providers. we were only able to decrease domestic shipping compared to the ecoqube 1. we've tried our hardest to be transparent by mentioning it on the reward descriptions itself and sent multiple updates including this information. but we completely understand if you've missed it, it can be a unpleasant surprise. we've learned through multiple campaigns that there tends to be the most changes during the fulfillment and manufacturing aspects of the campaign. we've seen many other products' creators we personally know or have backed that are having trouble delivering because they did not make hard decisions quick enough to make necessary changes or adjustments to ensure on time delivery of a quality product. this is why we've been so quick to make these decisions like the 100% shift in manufacturing in asia just in the past month. with production starting just in a few days, we know we've made the best decision and we're super glad we made it quickly. we understand these changes post campaign can be shocking but we know it is for the greater good of the campaign. if you would like a refund because of the changes, we're happy to provide you with a refund if you send a message to info@adiventures.net referencing this message. we sincerely thank you all so much for your understanding and taking part in bringing the concept of aquaponics to everyone! =)
any words about the extra shipping? and i guess i'll join the refund ship
i won't accept an extra cost for internation shipping, it is too expensive that over i can support this project. why don't mentioned during the campaign before. very disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!
an extra $29 for international shipping is ridiculous! you guys should have mentioned that during the campaign more clearly, i would not have back the project if it costs that much!- disappointing!
how long would the add on automatic fish feeder be able to feed a beta fish ? i need something with a capacity of 2 months.
i have a similar question to harrson gill's. i'm also not shipping this internationally (or even out of state). could this be clarified?
for someone who made a 45 dollar pledge for the 39 dollar reward level, why is backer kit saying i still owe 7 dollars?
@mark p i'm in the same situation. i pledged for 4 eco qubes i hope that means i get 4 covers and 4 automatic timers, not the 1 of each but 4 tanks that backerkit is suggesting i will be getting.
wow, another us$26 shipping on top!!!  i was aware from the start that it could be "up to $35" in shipping however i didn't think you'd be hitting worst case scenario... i assume the cost is due to the dimensions of the box more than anything else? anyways i have sucked it up and paid the extra, as i am happy that the $35 covers the 2 x ecoqubes i ordered (as i'll flick one off here locally to recoup some costs)  what i am concerned about after looking back on the order though, is it showed 2 x ecoqubes, 2 covers etc, but only "1 x advanced timing function" - wtf?? i ordered 2 units, why would i only get 1 timer? can you ensure one is delivered for each cube please.
additional shipping and a statement no plants are included? i'm a little confused.
i agree 100% with brent bolton im verrrry unhappy with this new charges..
at the end of the day, i was happy to support a project i believe in. as an aquaponic gardener at home already, i feel this is a great opportunity to introduce this method of growing to a broader range of individuals. while i understand some of the frustrations, in the end, kickstarter is a way to support the development of great ideas, not a place to buy things. i have not felt slighted in the least on this project but that is because i went into with the understanding that there are variables that cannot be accounted for. i appreciate the progress and communication.
additional $7 for us shipping, not cool, you should have done your homework and included the correct price from the beginning. if i could retract my backing now i would, as i do not support bait and switch tactics at any price.
shocked by the additional 29$ (instead of the demanded 6$) but then it's an international shipping, which clearly is more expensive than 6$. foreseeable and somehow announced in the small text. i guess your reason of not clearly stating this upfront was to not to have to pay ks and amazon a share of the shipping cost part. well ok, i could have foresee that, and i am ok with paying this additional shipping cost, but if i then still have to pay an additional custom fee, i will start to get angry.  here is an interesting read, and as seen from the comments you chose the option where "shit is hitting the fan": http://www.deadlyfredly.com/2013/10/breakdown-international-shipping/
@nick if they lie on the customs form they could get in real trouble as a business so i'd suggest as international backers we get the add ons locally
thanks marc bouck, i'm sure i was ok with it at the time but now i'm strapped. first world problems.
agreed simon, this will deffinately make me think twice about funding us or international projects.
this just keeps getting more and more shady. first it is the change in manufacture. now during the campaign i paid for shipping. yet your survey wants me to add $7? honestly i am starting to feel uncomfortable with how things are going with this project. i will be holding off on the survey until: a: i know descriptions of addons. b: we get an explanation about us shipping charges.
i would like to have adi give us a better idea of what add-ons we should get.  there are several on the survey page and i have no idea what i should add.
hi there, please could you tell me how you are going to describe the items i've got in my reward for customs purposes? if you can mark it as a gift with a low value that would be great - it's also truthful - i never 'purchased' anything in the regular sense - it is a reward for pledging monies for your company to progress to be able to produce a new product. i have added a number of extras from the backerkit survey as i trust you to recommend these products. however, if you are going to mark each item at the retail price for the customs declaration i will have to pay so much duty it will not be cost effective for me to purchase any of the add-ons - it will be cheaper for me to shop locally for similar items. i want to add your items as they are being recommended especially for this product but if i have to add 30% duty, 20% vat & 18% surcharge on top of everything it will make the whole ordeal a very expensive one! please could you respond before you 'lock down' backerkit so i know whether or not to keep my current add-ons. many thanks.
i have to agree with the others - i would love to see an update stating what all the addons do. while i understand you will want to sell these add-ons, at this moment in time it feels a bit too quick to show us your entire selection. becomes a bit overwhelming as to what is essential for us to have above & beyond our pledge vs minimum.
im complaining here about shipping as well i pledged over $130 and now you want me to pay for shipping in the us?!?!?!?!??!?!
i would like an answer to the same question as mark: why am i only getting 1 cover/timer when i pledged for 4 ecocubes?
what the hell!  shipping is way too much.  this sorry of thing should not be allowed.  another lesson learnt on the ever decreasing crowd funding.
hello i pledged for 4 ecoqube c's and this is what my pledge items are i hope this is a mistake and i am actually getting 4 of each. thanks mark 1	aquarium cover  1	automatic timing function  1	science project kit pdf  4	ecoqube c
i'm confused about why there $7 balance when completing my survey. i see the note about international shipping charges but i am in the us.
eeek, don't go down hill now guys!! you really need to finish the product add on pages/descriptions/images before you expect people to actually buy them. i'm still baffled by the $100 cost of that little uv light, i really hope it performs for those who are buying it. i'm holding off on completing my survey until the product updates are more clear. also, i filled out the demographic info but i feel somewhat the same as others who are wondering why it was really necessary.
i would also like a better breakdown of the add-on items before i make my purchase. my list of questions so far: -do i need the aquatic plant soil or need to provide a plant soil? is this for the basil or something else? is soil included in the seed kit? -beneficial bacteria / dechlorinator. any advice for someone new on wether or not these are wise purchases?  -award winning beta - any photos or info on the difference between this and the basic?
i'm frustrated as well because all you guys that are now freaking out about shipping costs clearly lack basic listening comprehension. - the pledge description said it -the faq said it - at least one update said it i am a bit unhappy because i would have liked them to at least group shipping into country groups (eg europe should be cheaper?) and i feel i am subsidizing weird countries higher costs but they were very transparent about it from the start so that's how it is.
here's what it says under what i pledged: ecoqube c includes:  -1 gallon acrylic ecoqube with integrated aquaponics filter  -6mm thin clear led light for both aquarium and filtering plant (thinnest led on the market)  -mechanical sponge filter (never needs to be replaced)  -biological medium (for beneficial bacteria)  -induction pump for strong yet super quiet water flow  -power supply that works for any country  -plant medium + seeds (for us backers) so how do these things differ from the add-ons?  you guys really should have planned better for this phase. exactly what is: "-biological medium (for beneficial bacteria) " and : "-plant medium + seeds (for us backers)" need to break down stuff so we have a better idea of what we might need
does the ecocube include the stone, sand, and plants shown in the picture?
hi all. i share the frustration on the demographic questions - completely unnecessary, so i just checked the don't want to answer boxes (but really, why even ask?). this will be our first aquarium at home. are there better places to get these add-ons? as it is, i'm looking at an extra $100 just to copy what the eco-cube c looks like on the video (mountain rock + 3 plants + $39 livestock + sand). i looked at amazon (as suggested by another backer), but the price seems to be the same - although not sure if my search terms were correct.
@michael maeda the big deal is that it wasn't there before.
just check the "don't want to answer box". what's the big deal.
hi aqua design, we have a contract for the pledge with shipping. either you fulfil it or the deal is has burst. no rational person will pay $ 41 shipping for a $ 49 product. regards
i must say... im not happy either... but for a different reason... why was there a need to ask such questions like... how old am i or am i male or female... that information should be optional and not required for this project... i understand why you did... but it was poorly executed...
just went back and re-read the campaign (below), it does say that shipping charges would be finalised after the campaign and it does say for international shipping it would be between $25-$39, so please pardon my earlier comments. what is the additional shipping cost? at the current # of backers, international shipping will cost between $25-$39. domestic shipping will cost between $10-$20. with volume, we hope to drop shipping prices of domestic to $6 and intl shipping to $18 (not including fees and handling. before we launched this campaign, we shopped around to find the best rates for our backers and realized the large fluctuations in pricing based on volume ranging from $15 all the way to $90 to some countries. we didn't want to over estimate to cover our costs but rather see what the volume was going to be then send out a finalized shipping price after the end of the campaign. thank you for backing us!
i can't speak for international, but i feel like the domestic shipping fee is fair.
how do i refund consider the addition $23 usd over the stated $6 shipping.
i'm not happy about being charged an additional $23 over my pledge amount when shipping was included.  please advise how to refund.
if i get the uv sterilizer add on will it be installed in my ecoqube?
i have to say, the extra shipping costs are indeed jarring. i went from feeling very good about this project to a bitter impression of being ripped off.
hmmm was under the impression that shipping would get cheaper depending on the volume of orders and considering the success of your project i would have thought it would be closer to you own lower estimate something doesn't seem quite right
is the addon heater a 'custom fit' or will any small heater be ok?
i purchased a twin pack, and we hit the stretch goals, but it says i only get 1 automatic timing function, not 2 in my survey. please clear this up. my kids (and me) will be very disappointed if we only get 1 timer...
i thought it was a nice present for my friend. but suddenly i have to add 41 bucks for shipping only... on top of the pledge + shipping, whats happening guys d:
are you kidding? you change to manufacturing in china and then charge $29 delivery from china to hong kong? i buy so many times from china, the shipping fee just around $4-6 and next day to my home.
looking at addon do i need the remote for the led timer to work? is the water heater adjustable? 70f seems to be a low set temperature? (ps this is my first tank!!)
i'll take a refund...
ok i pledge $65 not being told owe $7 more for shipping domestic shipping?? mine was $59 plus 6 which is $65. if the cost of the other below was less than mine but the shipping is the same why would you need more??
i pledged 39$ and you want more 29$ to ship it to my address?? please let me know how to refund.
the list of add-ons in the survey is totally overwhelming. could you show us a picture of what already comes with ecoqube c next to some versions with a few packages of add-ons?  what do we really need to make it work?
i think $35 is quite reasonable for international postage of what is a (relatively) large and fragile item. yes, i can get small items from china delivered for pence......increase the size or send it from usa and price goes up a lot! i think they could have batch exported them to local dispatch centres to reduce postage costs but presume there was a reason preventing this?
i am really disappointed  with this project! first taking our money and then demanding 70% more for shipping, even when the pledge already included shipping, is just disrespectful. don't bother shipping the product at all to me, i will ask about a refund.
not cool charging me shipping, after i paid shipping already. if you miscalculated shipping, that is a shame. but i pledged at a level, and expect my reward for what i pledged.
dear innovators, its really crazy to pay additional for the international shipping costs. ive pledged 49 usd on the project together with 6 usd shipping cost. but now im facing additional 23 usd shipping cost. thats a total of 78 usd for an innovation like this? i feel that it is a bit overpriced and shouldnt projects start ups be low costs at the kickstarter level?
psa: amazon has a lot of the add-ons cheaper and with prime...
to be totally honest i'm not sure why you're charging more for shipping. you made more than enough money through your campaign and charged people shipping costs then. i know i was charged $6 at the time of pledging for shipping and now have to pay an additional $7 to ship it to me. i know that is nothing compared to international backers, but damn guys, all you're doing is making your international backers uncomfortable (and basically charging them the amount of another ecocube-c just to get one!). $7 for us isn't bad, but i feel like it's messed up to place 100% of the costs on us when you made so much money off of this project. just my .02!
i refuse to pay extra shipping cost after campaign ends, never seen that on kickstarter before. please cancel & refund.
@peter they said you need basil for best results, plus i can't remember if the "media" was included but it was supposed to be a sponge.
why the hell does every project demand that i answer personal questions?  does my age or education level help you deliver my rewards? no it doesn't.  completely unnecessary.
the $35 for the international shipping seems way too high and i feel a bit ripped off. with so many backers you should be able to have a much lower shipping costs. if it really is that high how couldn't you have that information from the begging? charging $6 for the shipping and after you get the money ask for another $35 is a very bad thing to do. i really wanted to have the ecoqube c, but because i'm uncomfortable with all this situation i would like to know how can i ask for a refund.
i missed this conversation the first time round, i am uk based , what is the best seeds etc that i should get for this to replace the bits im not getting because i am not in the us.
is there a reason for me getting the survey at the dollar pledge?
why was i charged another $4 added to the total?
i sent you guys an email about doing local pickup since i am in san diego. this going to be possible?
this is a repost from my update comment. but the shipping cost of $35 + $6 seems way to high. i hope you have some documentation to prove that $41 is required to send a package to my address from china. i feel you should be eating the cost to the fulfillment centers in the local countries and then charging us ground shipping from there. it's going to cost the same price as a second unit to have it shipped to me.
all of you backers who, at this point, are complaining about the shipping were informed ahead of time that 1) shipping would be tacked on after the project ended and the charges had been appropriately calculated and 2) that shipping for international backers could be as high as $35.  none of this should come as any surprise to you, and yet you kept your pledges active through to the end of the campaign. quite frankly, if you didn't read the updates to see this information before the end of the campaign, i don't think you have any right to complain.  the creators were very transparent about this.  don't act like you're shocked now.
tell me, you have changed manufacturing to china. lowers your overheads, lowers labour, materials and transport costs. so explain to me why postage is $39 usd ? your lying. your pocketing the remaining, i can get a pair of shoes, size 12 u.s. sent from china, $19 including the shoes. you have volume, you also haven't provided extra details, like the postal service provider. i, and many international purchaser will be demanding a refund. this is as sketchy as they come.
the shipping cost is inappropriately high. i do not see why it would cost you $35 to ship it to canada. what annoys me even more is that i have never seen anyone charge for shipping and then state we may have to pay more later. that is a first in the >60 projects i have backed. i feel completely duped and would like to request a refund. i do not do this often but i cannot go through with this. please make this refund happen. jc
@james i have to agree, i've only backed for one, but the idea of paying $35 for shipping is crazy. i'm having second thoughts right now as well. especially when the product is costing $49 for me. the shipping could cost more than 70% of what i paid for the product....
whoa... so as per your recent email "we’ve found that average international shipment will still cost us $45 at our current volume. we did say previously that the highest international shipping cost will be $35 so we’ve stuck to what we’ve promised!" - so what about those of us "international backers" who've purchased 2 or more??  is the shipping double??  if i'm up for $78 for a couple ecoqubes and $70 shipping i'll be wanting to opt out and get a refund pretty quick smart...
thank you for a detailed update about manufacturing. it was hard to see the decision making process going behind the scenes for the campaign, but this information has cleared things up. as long as the timeline of productions stays the same, moving manufacturing makes sense if quality cannot be assured with us production.
@james:  we are not backing for a -product-.  we are backing a -project-.  there is a major difference.  backing a kickstarter project means more than just buying a product.  this isn't a storefront.  we aren't here just to buy something.  we're here to be part of a process.  if the process is changed after funding is already received, backers are understandably going to be upset.
have the backerkit surveys gone out yet, the last e-mail i received said they would be sent out in a week and that was on june 10th. i was just wanting to make sure i haven't missed it.
@james, i understand they haven't said anything about raising shipping, that's why i asked the question. i agree that it is great they're getting this information out there, i was just asking why it took so long to share. in their initial update they presented the move to china as no big deal, and i think that was understandably concerning to a lot of backers.
thank you for the comprehensive update. as an international backer the location of manufacturing was not a choice in my decision to support this project however, i understand that this was for many people. this update has provided the clarity necessary for those who were in doubt to make an informed decision (along with the offer of a refund).
@omar, what does it matter? you pledged here for a product, not for a country of manufacture. they haven't said anything about putting shipping up, they just insinuated that it "maybe" more expensive in china - but that doesn't necessarily mean they pass the costs onto backers. if they can deliver in a more timely fashion via china then they can crack on getting the product to market and recoup those costs earlier
seems like this is information that should have been shared with your backers when it happened a month ago, why wait until now? also you didn't mention anything about how this is going to effect shipping costs.
thanks for giving us your reasoning for the change in manufacturing. it's a bummer that this had to happen, but if it means a better and more consistent product i respect that
hey backers! we apologize for not explaining in further detail in the update why we made the shift back to our original assembling manufacturer in china. we truly really wanted to do the manufacturing in the us. it would be much easier for us and is almost exactly the same price after shipping and taxes (maybe more expensive coming from china). if we were able to find a manufacturer with the same expertise and quality control as our previous manufacturer, doing it in the us would be faster and easier for all of us. we wouldn’t have to pay for our own machines and per unit cost would likely be even cheaper than importing from china. we wanted to avoid getting into details on how the manufacturer of the ecoqube 1 was superior to our experience with the us manufacturer thus far but it may be the only way to convey why we’ve had to make this very hard decision. the us manufacturer we’ve been working with had been delaying our trial production runs of just 32 units. we can’t imagine what the delay might look like with almost 7000 total units to our backers. we built the first few prototypes with them in november of 2014. they came out great and we checked for maximum capacity and got a quote for 3000 unit production runs. even though the prototypes were delivered a bit late, everything else looked great and we were thrilled and decided we would produce all future ecoqube c’s with them. they’ve always delivered great quality (as you’ve seen in photos and videos) but unfortunately, they’ve always been late. our in house engineer provided finalized design drawings for production april 23rd for 32 unit trial production samples. we didn’t receive them all until nearly the end of may with over 20 units that were missing a key functionality. that was less than 1 unit per day production rate and 60% + defective rate. given they needed time to learn more about the product, setup and make minor changes for production, etc., we also needed a manufacturer with expertise in mass production engineering and quality control and do it all in a timely manner. from our experience in manufacturing the ecoqube 1, there are always going to be issues when mass producing a product for the first time and we need someone that can problem solve in parallel with us to meet our deadlines and provide expertise that we lack. it is impossible to manufacture a new product if lead times per iteration take up to 1 month. we still plan on using them for less time sensitive and lower volume prototyping and product testing, as they’re the best we’ve dealt with in all of southern california. after much more thought, we knew we had to have a plan b so we reached out to our previous manufacturers giving them the same drawings we sent to our us manufacturer and within 1 week, we had 3 fully functioning units fully assembled, packaged, and all the kinks were worked out. something that may have taken several months to do with our available resources in the us. in addition, they even offered to have an entire team dedicated to the production of the ecoqube c and if we purchased our own machines, they would keep it at their factory free of charge to us just to produce the ecoqube c. they would then use their expertise to constantly iterate and make the ecoqube c as best as they can. there are also many other details regarding manufacturing i did not include in this comment but with this information, you can clearly see why even though we really wanted to produce in the us, we’ve chosen to use our previous manufacturer who we know we can depend on 100%. from the day we sent them the ecoqube c drawings (end of may) until now, they’ve already gone through over a dozen design changes to make the ecoqube c that much better and have setup 6 of our own machines dedicated just to the ecoqube c. there are many complexities in mass production that prevent many kickstarter projects from delivering but we know many backers supported this project because they know we have the experience and relationships to deliver. we’re just trying our very very best to deliver the highest quality ecoqube so that we can bring the concept of aquaponics to as many people as possible. lastly, we understand several of you supported this project because it was going to be manufactured in the us. if you would like a refund because of this change, we're happy to provide you with a refund if you send a message to info@adiventures.net referencing this message. we sincerely thank you all so much for your understanding and taking part in bringing the concept of aquaponics to everyone! =)
@adi hi while im still excited and positive for this project there does seem some negative responses lately which need adressing which would put alot of people a ease.  look forward to hearing a response
just lost all my enthusiasm for this...i want my money back
unfortunately i don't think there is much we can do as backers if they lack the ethics and integrity to follow through on their campaign promise to make them in the us. still, i'm sure a big part of their business plan will be to sell overpriced decorations and uv lights, make sure you just get that stuff elsewhere. also, they had better not try to charge extra for shipping, $7 is more than enough to ship a small plastic cube in bulk domestically. anything extra would be to cover their china move.
my bs detector is screaming at this line "we decided to go back to the factory that we know would guarantee the manufacturing quality as engineers are so much more abundant in asia."  there are hundreds of thousands of engineers out of work in the us currently. " unemployment rates for electrical engineers rose to a surprisingly high 4.8 percent in 2013."  you could not find any in the us so went to our main economic competition to get some?
if i had known it was going to be made in china i would not have even considered backing this.  our country is out of work.  half of the reason i jumped in is to try to help give people in our own country some jobs.
i don't care where it's made as long as the quality is there and it is delivered in a timely fashion and it doesn't leach any unhealthy chemicals.
have surveys gone out yet?
since the project creators have not responded to the multitude of complaints from the backers regarding the manufacturing location, i have indeed gone ahead and reported the project to kickstarter. i was really excited about this project, but this particular broken promise is not one i'm willing to overlook for any project.
hey everyone, i also backed this because it was being made in the usa. i would not have if i found out i was buying another product manufactured in china. this can and should be reported to kickstarter. joe
justin - good reasons like it's cheaper and any increased shipping can be passed on to the backers? i get that a lot of people today don't care about losing us manufacturing jobs, but you should be against this move even if only for selfish reasons - you're going to be paying more for an inferior product.
personally not overly bothered about the production moving to asia, i'm assuming they have good reasons for relocating there, as long as they provide a high quality product in schedule.
i'm also very disappointed by the fact that the new ecoqube is being manufactured in china.  like others, one of the reasons i backed this project is because manufacturing was supposed to be done here in the us.  i'm not okay with this.
this is a big change that was made just after the campaign ended coincidentally. not a fan of this change
@james unless by international you mean chinese you still have cause to be unhappy with the switch. for one, they are likely still taking a slow boat to the us before shipping to you, so the concerns about shipping cost and speed still apply. as to quality, check the internet for products made by chinese engineers.
i'm an "international" backer, so where it is manufactured is no concern to me, so long as the price is the same and the quality is maintained.
incredibly disappointed in the manufacturing switch from a us based company to a china based manufacturer. one of the main reasons i supported this campaign was the fact that the product would be made here. this is not a minor change, people will not be ok with this, i know i am not.
lol
@omar option 1 please
that's terrible to make such a fundamental change after the campaign is over and people can't withdraw their pledge anymore. you should have polled your backers first, although i suspect you already knew how the majority would feel. here, i'll do it for you: option 1: keep production in the usa as promised in numerous places in your promotions. option 2: outsource production. shipping will be more expensive and be delayed as they slowly are shipped across the ocean. you can't oversee production since you are no longer "manufacturing the ecoqube c in the us (100 yards away from our office!)" explicitly or implicitly the backers will pay the extra shipping cost. us jobs are lost. ok backers, pick one!
yeah my concern is you haven't stated what shipping will be even prior to switching countries. now that it's being shipped internationally what's that hobby to do with customs and duty tax etc?
i'm not a fan of your choice to change course and not make these in the usa anymore. can you at least promise us we won't have to pay more for shipping now so you can get them from halfway across the world?
matthew ulrich, thanks that's what i was wondering and you answered all my concerns.
mark p, no, a goldfish will quickly outgrow a 1.5g tank if it isn't already too large to begin with. plus, even if it were to persevere, a goldfish will produce substantially more waste than the recommended one beta or a couple ghost shrimp. it's possible the filter/plant may not be able to keep up in this case, undermining the whole concept.
my card got charged and then it got debited back.  is there an issue with my credit card or international orders?
would a goldfish work ok in the ecoqube c?
1.3-litre tank. perfect for a 'shopped betta :-]
@vlad, same concept indeed, but the "fish and herbs" is f#cking ugly!!!!
i like y(ours) better, but have you seen this on cnet today? http://www.cnet.com/news/arkys-fish-herbs-is-an-aquaponics-system-for-the-lazy/…
saw it today and i'm so excited to get mine.
any idea how would blackwater affect the basil?
@creator adi, you mentioned in update #12 that white cloud mountain minnows would be a "perfect" addition to the ecoqube c. as you know the white clouds are a schooling fish and it is often recomended that you have at least 3 to 5 together. are you saying that the ecoqube c is rated for 4 to 7 inches of small fish at 1.5 gallons (even less after gravel, plants, and decorations)? i think honestly the tank is only suitable for 1 or 2 inches of fish and having only 1 or 2 white clouds would be unsuitable for this schooling fish. am i wrong?
as a side note: i did have a six-litre aquarium with a betta with two neons and a tiny baby catfish which i donated to my mom when it grew uncomfortably. it's ginormous now. it lasted for three years. one of the neons was brain damaged and attacked the betta on a regular basis :) eventually it committed suicide by sticking itself between the sponge and the glass, unable to breathe. the other one died from loneliness, i suppose. the betta had another year, then he bloated and died - no idea what happened. he was awesome. he came to my finger and rubbed himself. anyway, i'm considering a betta again with two or three shrimpies.
and can you control the pump speed? fifty times per hour is quite a lot.
how do i add $156 for the 4 units in nov to my exisiting aug single? thanks!
would shrimp provide enough "material" for a stable system? how many could it sustain? also, heater. veeery important.
@ian, thanks again for helping out the community and answering their questions! =) we're on it! we've sent out finalized numbers but we're waiting for kickstarter to end so we can get # of packages per each region and then send to our shipping partners for clear more precise quotes. we're doing our very best to get the prices down and get our backers the true pricing for intl shipping. we're even looking at working with local fulfillment companies in singapore (while at aquarama) and in europe so that we can send to them in a batch and then have them ship to their region. we should be able to get this done in ~12 days! promise you we're doing our best =) @spicylobster, love your user name =) yes, we plan on sending out a survey in ~12 days after shipping prices are finalized. it will give us sufficient time to decide on which fulfillment company we're going with (finalized shipping prices) @rafael, the motor is already dc. it makes the ecoqube super safe even for kids and pets in the house and ease of use internationally.
wishlist for future builds: dc motor option and possible option with solar panels and backup batteries and extension tray for additional seeds.
@creator as we're now into the final hours of the project, and the final shipping numbers are much more clear, could you give us a revised estimation of shipping costs?
@spicylobster  maybe people can approximate and put extra pledge based on the price here: http://adiventures.net/collections/all the only difference i know is the uv led,  which will cost $100 for ecoqube-c instead of $130 which is for normal ecoqube.
@aisbaby as far as i remember, you can add $100 in your pledge for 1 uv led. the creator will use backerkit to manage our pledge,  you can assign the money you pledge here on the backerkit survey after the campaign end. @spicylobster  good idea. not sure why @creator not doing this. maybe to save bit of money on kickstarter fee?
of course i saw that so why confuse people and charge some in the pledge itself. just wait till they know exactly what it'll cost.
in your update you mention additional items you can buy. why not do it like the game companies do on here and allow overcharging of your pledge so that i can spend that money on extras and also help make the stretch goals. all you need to do is put the prices for the items and add them to your survey. i would up my pledge to get things like the mountain rock, heaters, uv light etc because i would likely buy it anyways and i can help get the stretch goal. this works extremely well on board games.
hi project creators! please indulge me with an answer even if it's been asked before :d i backed up the special 4 ecocube package and i was wondering... is there a possibility of upgrading or adding an option to have them with the uv light?
@me and @ chris s.  each pledge states that additional shipping costs will be incurred: "additional shipping costs will be requested based on volume and location. shipping rates fluctuate dramatically based on volume (especially for international backers) and we want to give you our best shipping rates."
@karl. i am in same boat. i feel the vips helped build the early momentum and should get 2 for $78 at the very least.
@chris @me read the full text in your selected pledge and the faq and the updates (eg update 11), they were always very open about how they will deal with shipping costs. you may not like the uncertainty so you have to decide whether you want to cancel your pledge. it makes me a bit unhappy as well but it's a risk i'll take.
@me: for me was 6$. but this are not the correct delivery costs! for 6$ they can not even send a letter from usa to europe. they are since weeks saying that they are evaluating the correct delivery costs and they want to add them somehow....  does anyone know more?
my delivery cost was in my pledge. so i pledged $98 and when i went to check out it said with shipping $107
@adi: just received you mail with the offer. agree to karl mok that this doesn't make sense for early backer. may be you should finally focus in let us know about the delivery costs. this prevents a lot of people to backe or increase the pledge level! another sensful option would be to offer the uv-light as single option. eg. for people who buyed 4 ecoqubes but only want one uv light. or for early backers to get the uv light additional....
@creator, can you please advise the status of the heater before campaign ends?  will it be available?  how much will it be? thanks!
just got a message from adi about upping my pledge to the twin pack.  this doesn't make any sense to me.  i'm in on the early bird for $39.  why would i go up to two for $98?
@gillian: yes, only the uv light is the difference in this package (around 100$). it is for anti algae grow. the experts here are saying that it is not really needed, but it is helpful if you overfeed your fishes or to much sunlight. otherwise algae would grow very fast. the uv light  prevents this algae growing and gives you, as beginner, more room for mistakes. i'm beginner too, and i decided not to buy this uv light. i will test without and in emergency will take a look for cheaper options.  you can find the hole info and discussions about this in the very beginning of this comments
hi, sorry if i'm asking something which has already been done to death, i've scanned through a few pages of comments but couldn't see this discussed. what is the difference between the lowest priced ecoqube c tiers and the $139+  ecoqube c complete with uv light?  is it just the addition of the uv light?  if so, what is the uv light used for?  as a total newbie to this, i guess i'm asking do i want to pay the extra for it?  what benefit or extra feature does it bring? thanks!
affordable shipping to malaysia to pleaseee.
please make shipping to singapore more affordable.
is there a difference between the 49$ eq and the 59$ eq or is it just the pre-order special price?
@scott the faq says: "the ecoqube c was designed and tested for freshwater but it may work with a small mangrove in the filter. no guarantees there though =)"
everyone, lets help and vote for adi here:  https://www.missionmainstreetgrants.com/b/31249 if they win, we are 100k closer to 500k stretch goal...
has anyone experimented with salt water fish with this system?
any news about the heater for the ecoqube c? thanks in advance - greetings from germany!
@addisson they will be here for aquarama that's happening this weekend! so go there and check them out.
@marty it was replaced with the cover at $300k.
what happened to the color stretch goal at 350k?
do let me know if you are in singapore. love to catch up
i thought i'd left a comment here (maybe it was on the reddit ama)? but my partner was wondering if we'd be able to put a salamander or newt in the ecoqube?
@missyourmark hey spammer shush!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@albert, to be fair this info should have been in the faq, however the description in the pledge reads "power supply that works for any country"
@creator, in your update #6 (apr 22), you mentioned that your #1 priority is to source a heater for ecoqube.  have you sourced a manufacturer for the heater? how much is it going to be as an add-on? thank you.
@ creator, hello, will the system be compatible to different voltages to international backers? also will it include adapters for different electrical outlets? looking forward to it :d. thanks
@xinyong: your credit card will be charged one day after the campaign has ended!
@mr t, fish crap, left over food etc is waste (ammonia) which is toxic to fish. the process that breaks down this waste is called the nitrogen cycle (google it if you want specifics) but it's basically various types of bacteria in the aquarium that turn the waste into non toxic nitrogen gas. we need to establish a good population of nitrifying and denitrifying bacteria (which typically live in filtration devices, in this case the soil in the plant which uptakes these nutrients) to break down the waste (hence why you shouldn't put a fish in straight away, let the tank establish for a while first) in regards to the tap water side of things, depending on where you live, tap water has various levels of tds (total dissolved solids) which are organic or inorganic compounds - so by using tap water to top up (due to evaporation) you can be actually adding more nutrients than the bacteria in your tank can break down. you can buy reverse osmosis or deionization units to remove those compounds from the water, but in most cases if tds is low you should be fine. the key for the tank is finding a balance, the key for the owner is patience, do not overstock with fish and do not over feed.
mr.t - as to the water and like (being a fish nut/breeder) best bet is to go the local pet store and ask for a suggestion stating your starting a new tank. normally it take 2-3 weeks for the nitrates and other chemicals to evaporate from the tank. you can speed it up but my personal experience for fresh water is just wait and ask them to check your water for you - they don't want you to complaint about there fish dying ten minutes after if gets into a tank (most stores in canada - offer a 2 week refund on dead one, ie. a replacement, after they test the water for you) hope that helps you out
my son and i looking forward to this one! wondering since we are not in the us (being in canada) will we have to find a plant to start out ours with
莫新涌  您的卡将5月28日之后，活动结束时进行充电
@xinyong mo - credit cards are normally charged when the item has been prepared for shipping. im a total newbie. whilst people are talking about which type of fish to have, i have a more basic question.. i need to know about the water, from reading below, it is clear we need 'freshwater' and not 'saltwater'.  please can someone tell me what is freshwater? i need to know exactly how to prepare the water as tap water may cause more harm than good as water consistency is different in each city and country? thank you.
为什么我的信用卡没有显示扣款呢?
@bo.jay have a read through the faq
is it possible to trade pledges? lol, i want the single unit for $39, trade it with my twin pledge :d i wish >.<
@creators does this system work with any plant or do i have to have a specific plant?? in that case wich plant and what is it called?? askin this q since my pledge dont inc any seeds :(
hey, this is awesome! just backed the project.can't wait. also backed this one a day ago or so - the price of these smartbulbs is just unbeatable: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1032719200/smart-led-light-40-create-moods-designed-in-german
even though it pretty much defeats the purpose of it being "eco" (without the plant) i wonder if there is enough room in the filter area to fit a mini protein skimmer and turn it into a pico marine aquarium. i successfully kept a very large reef tank for about 8 years so have a lot of experience but have never kept a saltwater tank this size. it would be too small to house any marine fish but maybe a piece of live rock a cleaner shrimp and a few soft corals might work. would need to see how good the output of the leds are too.
@grimjr no, even the smallest jellyfish need much more space. i've read that 10gallon is a same minimum. also they require salt water, which will kill most plants and the ecoqube has not been tested with salt water so it may corrode something.
would a jellyfish be acceptable for this? jellyfish + bonzai tree...is this possible? if not, can anyone give me a suitable combination?
will the uv lights be available if desired after the units are received? thank you, i look forward to your fine project.
@ian, i know nothing about bonsai's hence my questions. from googling, looks like a fig tree has been done through hydroponics so that species might be suitable? really looking forward to receiving the ecocube now!
@ creator adi, is 1.5 gallon really enough for one betta / siamese fighting fish?? i read about betta on the internet and they say a 20 liter (5.28 gallon) aquarium is right for one betta. i want that the fish has a good life in my aquarium... or should i go with another type of fish?
@creator adi, you mentioned in update #12 that white cloud mountain minnows would be a "perfect" addition to the ecoqube c.  as you know the white clouds are a schooling fish and it is often recomended that you have at least 3 to 5 together.  are you saying that the ecoqube c is rated for 4 to 7 inches of small fish at 1.5 gallons (even less after gravel, plants, and decorations)?  i think honestly the tank is only suitable for 1 or 2 inches of fish and having only 1 or 2 white clouds would be unsuitable for this schooling fish.  am i wrong?
@creators: may i ask specifically for the supplier (and model) of the uv led? we have a project in our drawers which also incorporates uv-c sterilization (totally different type of product, no a bit competing with yours), and most „affordable“ uv-c leds don't go lower than 265 nm, so i’d like to know who offers an led with 235 nm wavelength.
@edward now i really want to...  one of the difficulties with growing bonsais is maintaining nutrient levels since they're grown in tiny volumes of soil, so the ecoqube might actually reduce the needed maintenance. i imagine the 2 biggest challenges would be: 1) finding a species of tree that would like the conditions. 2) figuring out how many fish a bonsai could support (i suspect much less than the recommended plants). but if you did get it set up and in balance it would likely cut down the needed bonsai maintenance significantly.
when you say it's dangerous to eat the herbs we grow because of aquarium chemicals - i assume you mean if we add chemicals to the aquarium? there's nothing that comes with it that makes it unsafe right?
is anyone planing to plant a bonsai plant in this?
@guilherme, based on the pictures the filter does appear to take up about a quarter of the space so that would obviously account for the loss of half a gallon.
i meant 7,8''. the math shows a 2 gallon capacity.
from the dimensions 9,8'', it gives a 2 gallon capacity. is it mentioned 1,5 because of the filter?
@lanfear ah i see. thank you. i have zero experience and knowledge about this ;)
@afif not all fish can live in room temperature water so a heater would give more options for what to put in the tank
what heater..?and what's the purpose of it?
+1 for mini heater stretch goal
i do a lot of sending and receiving internationally using local services rather than courier companies like dhl etc. and their quote from update #11 of $27 sounds about right. i would guess best case scenario $25, worst case $45 (if it ends up being heavy or large to ship) to send anywhere outside of the u.s. for a single unit. even if this works out as worst case on shipping i still think it's a fantastic product at the price, but if paying $25 on shipping is too much for you, maybe reconsider your pledge.
to be fair they have given a broad estimate on the shipping and as long as i know that will be asked for afterwards has let me back this now than miss out on it due to shipping costs. the last couple of projects have added the shipping on after the project has ended due to fees and other things.
how's the heating pad/heater development? are we looking at this as our final stretch goal by chance? thank you!!
information on shipping costs is detailed a bit better in update #11 posted a couple days ago. i get their point, but they really do need to firm up a shipping company as higher priority.
the shipping thing makes no sense to me: the campaign will end, our pledges will be taken, and then they'll ask for more money for shipping. the amount they ask for will be based on the number of backers. but what %age of people will actually pay the extra? some will decide to opt-out, some will just forget about it, some won't understand, and some will hope that if they ignore it then they'll get it anyway since they already paid the asking price. so the additional amount they ask for will be wrong anyway, because there'll be far fewer backers who actually pay the extra than have pledged. so what happens then? will they just not ship to those who don't pay? automatically refund them? ship anyway and those who do cough up extra will be the chumps? i don't understand how they plan on making it work any better than just estimating the shipping up front. plenty of projects estimate high and then offer free add-ons, or coupons when the shipping price drops. that seems to work fine.
@lecoupdegrace, my concern as well on the shipping cost... can we refund if the shipping cost to international buyer is ridiculously high?
re shipping prices: from faq "what is the additional shipping cost?": ...we didn't want to over estimate to cover our costs but rather see what the volume was going to be then send out a finalized shipping price after the end of the campaign... guess well find out after campaign ends.  in that case, would we be entitled to a refund of our pledges should the shipping price be exorbitant?
@sean, yes 1.5 gallons as per the faq. the 1 gallon, i would assume, was an r&d model, nothing will happen to the 1 gallon because it is pre-production.
so is the ecoqube c we are receiving going to be 1.5g instead of 1g? wanted to make sure, and if so, what will happen to the 1g ecoqube?
@rl, yes that is how i interpret it too. this is the one thing on this project that really annoys me (in fact most projects i back, shipping costs aren't negotiated prior - but obviously the more pledges then the cheaper they could negotiate shipping) however i don't get what the point is of charging shipping when pledging - then tacking on more $$$ afterwards. it's quite misleading if you don't read the fine print.
i already pay the shipping fee when i backed, but i need to pay more extra shipping fee?
@andrea, read the faq, so many questions asked here covered in there...
white type of water is possibile to' use? normal or salt water?
would have to say ems is the only shipping i use these days.
wooot! just moved up to the vip special club after many days of refreshing the page! x) early bird special open for 1 slot now!
is there any reason we couldn't use a third party off-the-shelf uv sterilization system with the ecoqube c?
just wanted to let you know how pleased i am that you are keeping the production of this product in the us. i have been supported many kickstarters that change to some cheap offshore company at the last minute. thanks for sticking to your goals and principles.
will there be an option to purchase the uv led later on or is there a stretch goal for one?
great project, and thanks for doing it for us!!!!! as i'm in canada i'd like to suggest usps for international shipping as they seem to be the best and ups is the worst.   (i typically will not buy products if the only choice is ups) all the courier companies like to tack on an extra $40 plus or minus upon delivery, whereas usps does not. just my personal opinion based on decades of orders......
@bangers&mash - please stop supporting this project if all you are going to spout is fud. it's spoiling the kickstarter for other people, especially when your are missing the facts and not reading aqua designs statements correctly. @aqua design - can we have an update on shipping i don't really want to be stung at the end of the kickstarter :-(
still haven't and answered vincent's shipping question and now i'm getting concerned. how much is this thing going to cost to ship?
the published volume is 1.5 gallon, which can technically handle about 1" of fish, that is why they recommend either 1 betta or 2-3 tiny shrimp.
isn't this cube wth 7x7x7in (thats 20x20x20cm, right) too small to keep a fish adequately?
@lanfear & wei i've given up trying to make sense of whatever truth bangers&mash is trying to point out to us. @bangers&mash please try to be respectful of others on here, we are actually enjoying the way the project is being run and with the way the funding is going.
@bangers&mash  mmmm you are not making any sense, it's not an opinion, it's a fact. it's either you don't have reading comprehension skills in english or you are being delusional, the update clearly stated: "everyone will now have a remote to conveniently control their ecoqube c’s led lights to enable lightning and cloudcover functions! *because of the time it requires for development of this feature, august deliveries will not have this feature but after the campaign, vip backers will have the option to choose to add this feature for free (if stretch goal is met). adding this feature will delay shipping from august to november. this will only apply to vip backers who would like to add the led remote control to their order." it said if the goal is reached, then everybody gets it, but if the vip backers want it, their delivery date will be delayed by 3 months. you don't know what you are talking about lol.
@bangers the very first sentence after the picture says 'everyone will now have a remote to conveniently control their ecoqube c’s led lights to enable lightning and cloudcover functions.'  do you see that it says everyone as the very first word? then a bit further down they mention that the remote won't be ready in august (which is when vips were promise delivery) so the vips have to live with delayed shipping in nov like the rest of us. i don't understand how you read this as them treating the vips better unless you are deliberately trolling us in which case i wish you fun with that.
wei hung it say in the last email they said the stretch is only for vips do you think inwouls bother writing in these comments if the communication was clear??? get over yourself son and and keep your nose or of others business
wei hung keep your opinions to your self!! merchant banker
patrick thanks i think they need to say that the stretch goals are for all backers then else it's very misleading as it specifically says vip bidders
hey there all. so i pledged, and the new system of seeing and paying for the shipping directly is very nice on kickstarter. then i read the faq, and now i'm a bit confused. so the shipping cost added isn't really the shipping cost, and will be added later?
so does this mean we may see and earlier ship date?
all we want to say is, you all are so awesome and supportive! the best backers ever! this campaign has gone above and beyond what we've anticipated (thanks to you!) so we're trying our very very best to keep up with limited staff and resources. thank you soso much for helping us keep the community positive here. =) we're going to try and go down the list of questions in the comments section and answer all your questions in direct message. so expect a message from us soon! =) we're too excited to save this for an update so we've just posted a short video clip of the very first production ecoqube c on instagram! ( https://instagram.com/designadi_/) once we receive the funds from kickstarter, our manufacturer will be able to begin production immediately! =) @missyourmark, no worries at all! we're super proud to have such a supportive backer like yourself! =) @ben you're right on point! ;) thank you! we still have your special request noted! @jason, you're right, in the acrylic can scratch but scratches can also be easily removed. after testing many materials, we've actually realized it's the best material for the ecoqube c because of how sturdy it is and how we can ship it to 30 countries without cracks. we'd love to hear specific material suggestions though!
hello @creator, you still haven't answered my question about shipping. 1) what are the estimated costs now? 2) since shipping will vary by country, can i change shipment to a different country before you send it out? thanks.
@ben1680 yeah that's what i read, i was just wondering because @bangers&mash was writing some crazy stuff that made no sense as usual.
thank you for answering my question, creator! i know it is hard to follow all of the comments and i should have just emailed the question to you directly instead of waiting for an answer in the comments section. that was my fault, not yours, and i am sorry. i also apologize if my comment sounded like i was unsatisfied with your company or your product. i am very proud to be a backer of this project and very excited to start using it! thanks again!
why remote control instead of better quality materials than acrylic? acrylic has one of the worse resistance to scratches...
@wei huang  the new stretch goal is for everyone. since this new stretch goal will only be available later and vip backer supposed to get theirs on august, their ecoqube will be shipped on nov together with all other backers if they choose to get this feature.
uh, where does it say that stretch goals are for vip only? i don't see it.
with the potential (likely) addition of remote control leds... is there any chance a 0-10v control port could be left available on them? that would allow easy lighting control by many commercial aquarium controllers out there...
it's all a misunderstanding. if you read it again, you will realize that we all would get the remote. the italicized portion is for vip backers to read and just discusses shipping vs. stretch goal. enjoy your day.
@bangers&mash, can i ask why you have backed this project when it just seems like you want to say its a scam and we shouldn't trust the project, not really a very ethical thing for you to do, if you really don't like what the project is about.  as for the next stretch goal those people who are vip's are getting for free doesn't bother me as its not something i'm interested in and its a fair deal as they got in early enough to get deal. if people are unhappy, i'm sure the backer's are quite happy to project creator's know about it.
@bangersandmash i think you are completely misunderstanding what the emails say. the "$39" price is if you pledge for 4 cubes at $156 or 4x$39, it is one of the backer options and will only be available through kickstarter. also, the stretch goals do apply to everyone who backs on kickstarter not just one group. this campaign has been quite well run and the creators have listened to the backers. i am not sure what the issue is other than misunderstanding what is being emailed, but bangersandmash your statements have been flat out wrong and falsely accusing.
regarding selling outside kickstarter you sent an email to i assume all backers that the eco cube will be available for $39... i received last week stating that it will be available to this who don't managed to invest. knowing that your not providing the stretch goals to all investors other than vip members which i assume is early bird it seems poor. as someone who regularly invests in helping organizations get their products of the ground i have never seen this des combination being applied. i know some of you have slated my comment however i received the email re selling outside and today that the stretch goals are only relevant to the vip.
i feel this whole campaign is a bit of a con you seem more interested in only your early birds calling them vips receiving the stretch goals and yet many of us who helped to expand the investment are not apart of the stretch goals. also your constant need to promote and sell others products seems to be more in your interest than your investors. maybe a little more ethical behavior might be in order.
i see that your only providing the stretch goals to the vip option.  i assume there is only one vip backing bracket so those who invested in supporting you to get to this stretch goals will not be elgible even they laid more than the vip's. i think this is very poor. most campaigns don't differentiate only the early bird receiving stretch goals. can you explain why? you have asked us to help in getting further investors and yet their is no incentive seem very poor!!
@ creator thanks for the reply.  that sounds like a wicked idea.  am looking forward to seeing this in action.  ta.
august backer here, i would like this perk but of course don't want to delay shipment for three months to get it. what about shipping the extra bits separately? if the only difference is the ir receiver and the remote itself that would be an easy thing to add on ourselves. we were the first backers, i would love to somehow be included in this stretch goal, but not at the expense of my early shipment. thanks for considering, and congrats!
@lecoudegrace, an app is the next step! hopefully with sensors and controls that notify you if you're feeding too much or that allows you to feed the fish remotely, etc. @brian, most backers we heard from said they didn't want it. we need ~500 units of each color to make it worth it for production so we've decided to offer it later instead!
@ creator ignore my #1 mention.  i see now that the remote does appear to have additional features such as "ightning and cloudcover functions".
@ creator thanks for providing us with update #10 that includes details about the new stretch goal.  just a couple of notes regarding the new stretch goal: 1.  personally, having the leds turn automatically on or off (from stretch goal #1) for me seems to negate the benefit of having a remote to control the led lights.  unless we are talking about some additional feature that the remote does e.g. change led light colours (maybe?) over automatic settings. 2.  if we are to continue down the route of remotely controlling the led lights, would it be possible to use an app via our cellphones to control the led lights rather than using a remote? just my thoughts.
i'm sure this has been covered, but what happened to the original 2nd stretch goal (the customizable color for the tank)?
@patrick, you're awesome for helping answer the questions. @missyourmark, the uv sterilizer will retail for approximately $130. we make sure to answer direct messages within 1-2 days max as with the format in the comments area, it makes it easy for our team to miss questions. i apologize for the delay! thanks a ton for backing us!! =)
i believe the uv they offer for their larger tank online is $130, my guess would be it would be close to that price once it is out.
thanks @patrick, but that update#6 really doesn't give any specific answers to my questions. all it does is compile a list of all of the backer-suggested ideas for add-ons (including the uv light, which it labels as 'non-discounted'), and then it says that "we will try our hardest" to offer these after the project has ended. so, all that update does is say that they have heard our requests for different items and can't promise anything yet, and there is nothing wrong with that, but it doesn't answer my question. plus, the fact that they list the uv as 'non-discounted' implies that i am getting a discount on it for being an early backer (which makes sense), and that anybody who wants to add it on later would have to pay a 'non-discounted' price (which also makes sense). i just want to know what the add-on "non-discounted" price of the uv will be (which they should know by now) so that i can decide which donor level saves me the most money (staying where i am or getting the $39 4-pack). it is a simple answer but they haven't responded to this question even though many have asked, and it's frustrating because my opportunities are disappearing while i wait for their response.
@missyourmark look at update 6, it lists all of the add ons that will be available. there are no prices though.
i know that this has been asked many times but i have not seen any answer so far, so please try to reply because a lot of people are wondering. will the uv light be made available as an add-on (before or after the campaign ends) and if so how much will you be charging for that add-on? this is a very important question because it will determine which donor level i choose. i am thinking about getting the 4-pack at $39 each (and then adding on the uv), but right now i have the early bird complete level with the uv included ($139), and a couple of $49 ones. so, until i know how much you are charging for the uv separately, i can't know which donor level saves me more money (or wastes money unnecessarily). please try to answer this question as soon as you can before the 4-pack opportunity goes away. thanks.
@david mcgonigle, its the option to pledge for $156 which is limited to 100 backer's, there is 52 pledges left of the offer.
problems with 'ingroty' aside - how do we select the 4 units for $39 each? i'm missing the option for that...
so we grow the plants from seeds? does this mean at the start before the plants grow, they won't filter? does this mean there has to be a certain amount of time (how long?) before we can use it as an aquarium?
@bernadette hughes and @lanfear, thank you both so much for keeping the comments board positive! we really appreciate it! =) @bangers&mash, we appreciate you bringing up any concerns of ethics to other backers and potential backers. if you have specific pointers on where you think we could improve, we’d gladly take it into consideration but what you’ve brought up is very serious and other campaigns recently have been completely shut down due to violating those kickstarter rules.  that can not only be detrimental to this project, but it also has the potential to eliminate the opportunity of all the 4500 backers that are expecting this. there is currently nowhere else the ecoqube c is made available unless someone has taken our materials and is violating our patent. we also have full evidence all the way from inception of ecoqube 1 (our first kickstarter campaign in 2013) all the way to the version 3 prototype that we’ve just completed.
@bangers&mash....you need to calm down and stop talking nonsense. if you are going to state something, back it up with fact or a link. i have looked but can't find this product on sale at the kickstarter prices. alot of us are happy to pledge to get this product into production and happy to see this project succeed :)
where do you read that they sell outside of kickstarter at the same rate? everything i see is still kickstarter pre-sell only and even kickstarter additional benefits of included cover.
guys you check that  you can publish selling this outside of kickstarter at the same rate... don't you feel this is a little unethical??!!
there was a huge lack of ingroty around stretch goals... then there was a bombardment with buying other products... then there was the sweet i love mothers you guys seriously karma will have a field day with you! live ethics son else your worth nothing more than midas!!
anyone have any idea how hard it would be to do a bonsai tree as the filter? from a little research it seems like aquaponics and bonsai compliment eachother quite well. would there be any reason it wouldn't worth in the eco cube c specifically?
is the filtering system portable for me to move to bigger fish tank?
how often do i need to change the water, assuming that i rear like 3-4 fishes?
@nicholas pongallo read the faq...
woot! 300k achieved! congrats on making this stretch goal, can't wait to see what's next! :)
i was wondering if this could be used as a fresh or salt water eco cube?
congrats on hitting the $300k mark!  looking forward to receiving the ecoqube c :-)
i was also wondering how much it looks like international (uk) shipping will be, i know there's still 20 days left but in the faq updated 13/04 you estimated $25-$39, is it now closer to the $18 you hoped for?
from every other kickstarter i've seen (and what they apparently did last time) there will be a survey at the end where you can add more stuff like the uv. and yes we are close to the current stretch-goal but give them a minute, we have 20 days left :-)
i, too, would like to know what the next stretch goal will be....
i would just love to know how we could "order" the uv sterilizer as an add on if we wanted to do that at a later date..  is this possible..?  please and thank you.
@creators: may i ask specifically for the supplier (and model) of the uv led? we have a project in our drawers which also incorporates uv-c sterilization (totally different type of product, no a bit competing with yours), and most „affordable“ uv-c leds don't go lower than 265 nm, so i’d like to know who offers an led with 235 nm wavelength.
since we'll be hitting the plastic cover in a few days time, can we maybe get some hints of what goal will follow? or maybe a few options and some informal polling?
@zineke  thanks for the information.  it is probably somewhere on the page and i must have overlooked it.
peter, you must wait (fish say thanks you) minimun 3 week after filling the aquarium  then the plant is fully grow
i have looked over the page and faq and seem to have a question never owning ecoqube 1.  day 1 do we plant the basil(or whatever) and put the fish in or do we wait till the plant is growing before we put the fish in?
yeah, i agree.  please add these options.  how much would the uv sterilizer cost?
another example: one of two ecoqube tank i have in my wife's office also doing well. similar setup: java fern on driftwood, 1-2 shrimp, three guppies. i told her similar thing, do not over feeding the fish, 6 hrs light. because she is really a beginner and has higher capacity than than mine, i told her to do 20-30% percent water change every 3-4 weeks. same thing, fishes are good and no algae problem so far. she is pretty satisfied/proud to have this tank on h r office desk.
@karsten in addition, i haven't do any water change and clean the ecoqube 1 for two month already. ( super low maintenance?i normally do water change for all my breeding tanks every two weeks) the current fish stay in tank is a female west african cichlids with java fern on a driftwood . i feed her live food or flake every other day. she looks a bit lonely but pretty healthy. i was a bit surprise that i didn't have any algae issue so far.
@karsten i have similar opinion as rune. ecoqube is actually good for beginners, not for people who is already an expert. as a beginner, there are not too many things to worry about with ecoqube unless you keep two important thing in mind: no over feeding and fish capacity. otherwise, filter and lighting in ecoqube are already in good balance.  also, i don't really encourage people start their first tank in big tank. yes, your point of larger tank is correct: more buffer. however, larger tank means more equipment, more fish, more research, more water change, more algae..... problems. i saw so many people start with large tank and sold it few weeks later. because they don't have ability to handle the large tank. now, i am using ecoqube 1 to keep some of my spare fish outside of my breeding tanks. i only put 1-2 fishes in ecoqube on my coffee table. the plant growing well and there are no algae in tank. (the led light doesn't strong enough for algae, but good enough for plant). i have uv, but i rarely use it (only 2 times for testing purpose so far) for ecoqube c, i think it's smaller than ecoqube 1, but it's a perfect desktop tank for betta or shirmp tank. the water quality and space will be much better than most of the other betta box in market. again, do not overfeed and keep low capacity. (it's actually also important rule for large tank)
i'de love to add uv-sterilizer as an option.
@rune good for you. you possibly tried hard to avoid common and not-so-common mistakes as there are lots of possible pitfallls. too litle or too much water changes, too much or not enough light, too much or not enough food, too much fish, wrong fish for your water ... the list is endless. i did not say that it is impossible to do, all i said is that the smaller the tank, the less buffer capaity it has to deal with errors and mistakes. if i am not mistaken, the original ecocube is bigger than this ecocube c - hence easier to keep well maintained.
i agree with michael. i would love it if you could add the uv sterilizers as add-ons, so that the people who were lucky enough to get one of the $39 or $49 deals would still be able to get one. you could just tell us how much we should add to our pledge if we wanted to add-on a uv, or you could use backerkit as your survey where they let you add-on items after the project is over. either way is okay with me, as long as the uv sterilizers are ultimately available for everyone who wants an ecoqube c.
is it possible to make ecoqube to all backers sooner? it is hard to wait until nov or dec...
can you please provide some add-ons, like a uv sterilizer, or is that going to be surveyed from backers after the campaign ends?
can international backers know how much is the shipping cost based on the volume you have now?
can backers at higher levels get the pdf file as well? i'm a high school teacher and the eco cube well be in my classroom and i'd love to have my students take inspiration and build their own.
as we reach stretch goal , we hope you guys add some extra important feature such as the cover, uv, and other "important" features requested earlier by earlier backers. thanks
will the uv light have a timer?
@ johnson: the early bird is limited number to the first backers at a lower price. has nothing to do with ship date, they are simply offering a lower price to the earliest backers.
how come early bird special is the same delivery date as the regular? what's the difference other than the uv led light?
@karsten topp: i will have to disagree with you. of course anyone getting a fish tank should study what it requires to have fish as pets. they should also look into how nano tanks are different from larger tanks. that you for instance cannot put it close to heating sources or windows because the environment in the tank will be more easily affected and can be harmful for the livestock in the tank. still, i think that the ecoqube really is a newbie friendly product. i was a beginner when i got the ecoqube 1 and i think the tank does exactly what was promised. it's low maintenance and it's very user friendly.
@elizabeth i would not consider a small aquarium a smart solution for an absolute beginner. aquarium maintenance is no rocket science, but a (much) bigger tank has more capacity to buffer away any mistakes like over/underfeeding, temperature and light issues. i would suggest to add the uv-clearer to your tank to keep algae a little bit at bay.
@elizabeth chaipraditkul: hi, i'm an owner of the ecoqube 1 from the first kickstarter campaign. i think i will be able to answer your question based on my experience. 1) it is a low maintenance aquarium, not a "no maintenance" aquarium. you might have to clean your tank for algae that may appear if overfeeding your fish. that is easily done though by rubbing a sponge on the inside of the tank. sometimes i also clean the filter and i make 20% water changes in rare cases. 2) as you will be able to trim the plant using scissors and i don't think that you will have to regrow one.
i have a couple questions i am hoping someone can answer, this will be my first fish tank :d 1) do you really never have to clean the tank the entire time you have it? it kinda sounds too good to be true. 2) at one point i am assuming you'll have to change the plant, because it grows too big. while the new plant is growing can you still have your fish in the tank?
woohooo!!! backer number 2099 out of 2099 for the 49$ early bird! stoked for this tank, my kids going to love it.
@creator  i like your new version of filter for ecoqube c.  comparing to first version, new version reverse the water flow and will minimum the cleaning issue @ pump. the pump was placed in first stage of the water flow in first ecoqube version which collected the dirt easily and make noise without cleaning it every month.  is there anyway to address this issue in my current ecoqube?
if i out grow my cube, can i move the aquaponics/light/uv to a larger aquarium? will it just slot on the side?
cool idea! i am running my 220 litres aquarium at home with a similar priciple: lots of plants, low fish load and i manage to keep the water stable for weeks. it will be more of a challange with such a small tank, but i think it will be possible.
@fozza, plant medium will be shipped internationally without the seeds. basil seeds should be easily obtained throughout the uk. if the medium is tossed out by customs for some reason, you can simply replace it with a sponge. faqs are at the bottom of the campaign!
@creators - it says the plant medium and seeds are only going to be shipped in the us. are these items easily obtained in the uk and if so what are they? thanks (also you might want to set up an faq to stop people asking the same questions ) cheers
@creator thanks for the prompt reply and clarifying the issue.  keep up the good work.  am counting the days as they go by.
@lecoupdegrace, sorry i wasn't clear! the ecoqube c comes with a transformer that works for any location with 110v to 240v wall outlets (most places) and converts into 12v dc you can then plug to supply led, uv and pump =) we've made it super easy for the user. we're working hard on going through the large volume of questions! we've just updated the faqs and most of your messages should be answered there. thank you all so much!!!!
@creator sent you a message, reply when you can, thanks.
just got a reply back from @creator as follows: "yes, the electrical components will work for wide range voltage from 110v to 240v. add you need is a cheap plug adaptor (maybe)." looks like international backers are gonna need a transformer (step up or step down) if the pump is going to operate 24/7, with led lights operating @ 7 hrs/day and with uv leds operating @ 2hrs/day.  especially as all these gadgets are going to be plugged into the main power supply.  i don't know about some of you guys & girls, but a transformer is looking like a must.
can we install a heater for tropical fish? is the ecoqube compatible with saltwater fish?
@florian they recommend basil and mint, due to their rapid growth and easy maintenance.
can we have any update regarding shipping costs? i'm from uk. what will be the difference between one or two units? i'm not sure if i should change my pledge to double one.
what kind of plant/seed are recommended? it would be super helpful to get a list of aquaponic friendly plants to get started properly.
at some point, would the roots need to be trimmed? i can take care of aquarium plants, but i'm clueless about normal plants. =)
i love nature and it's so cool that this project may actually bring us closer to it, no matter if we're at home or in an office. nature makes us feel relaxed and it's something we all need nowadays.
international backer will not have seed then we need to use which kind of seed on it? thanks!
can i just pick up my ecoqubes, since you all are from san diego too? also, love the look of these, very cool.
would also like to know is is 120/220v, do i need an adapter or transformer for nz/aus?
dumb question here for any that may know:  will the devices that are packaged with the ecoqube c operate in countries other than the us, e.g. aus/nz, without the need for third party adapters and/or transformers?  ta for the assist.
@ john m: most people tend to overfeed their fish. in reality, going 2 days without food is not outside of the norm for fish in the wild. many fish (betas especially) can go for a few days with no food and no adverse effects. i wouldn't go for a week, but a weekend is no problem.
if you use this in your office, what do you do over the weekend?  seems a silly question, but how is the fish managed for two days not there?  it would seem the auto-timer solves light.  but thoughts on the feeding?
@gustavo: i don't find it ridiculous at all. i got the first ecoqube and acrylic covers were offered for that tank as addons - and i got one. however it was soon realized that this cheap acrylic cover started bending. you see, because of the light heating up the water in the tank the temperature below the acrylic cover will be higher than the temperature above the cover. this will cause the cover to bend. this is the same problem with all acrylic covers - they will bend when exposed to heat differences. i had a customized glass cover created for my ecoqube and it doesn't bend - however because the tank is made of acrylic, the top part of the four sides of the tank now bend outwards slightly (a few millimeters). again because acrylic will bend if there's a heat difference on both sides of it. i don't mind the small bending of my tank because the glass cover i'm using lowers the evaporation and thereby the need for me to add water (which i now do once a week). think about it this way: 1) they need to make a cover that will not bend (and that wont cause the other acrylic parts of the tank to bend), 2) they need to add this cover to every ecoqube they produce for the backers of this campaign (both the current backers and those who join before the campaign is over), 3)  they need to develop this cover on top of the production cost of all the ecoqube c's it would  require to get to the 300k stretch goal. i think the stretch goal amount is completely fair considering the development time that must be added to make a cover that will work. i surely don't want scrap acrylic.
anyone find the new stretch goal amount kind of ridiculous? double the first one for a cover that can basically be done with scrap acrylic? a fluval spec iii is cheaper than this and has a cover.
@romain, they are not allowed by law to mark things as gift when shipping internationally. they are raising funds for products that we will be getting at a reduced price, not as a gift/reward.
@kelvin: i just returned from the pet store and i think i might need to change my answer a little. maybe there are some kind of rasboras that you could keep a group of in an aquarium like the ecoqube c. especially if adi succeeds in finding a small heater as an addon. it's something i will consider to try, i think.
@kelvin: the tank is really a betta tank because of its small size. that means 1 betta fish. you could also use it for shrimp. i'm an owner of the ecoqube 1 (from the first kickstarter campaign) and i have 5 white cloud mountain minnows in the tank. my tank is a 2 gallon tank and also too small for that amount of fish if you go by conventional "rules". however the rules of how big a tank should be has very much to do with how well conventional filters are able to filter the water. the ecoqube filter the water really really well and it is only because of that i've chosen to include 5 white clouds. they are happy and colorful and are doing fine. still i think the ecoqube c is too small for this kind of fish (and for other fish except for betta) because most fish are shoaling (they want to be in a group to feel safe) the minimum of fish in a tank should be 5. if you keep a lower number than that, the fish may not thrive. of course you should ask your local fish store if they have experience or recommendations in regard to a tank with the size of the ecoqube c. @patrick brose: i think the ecoqube is a much better system as well. just be aware that the plant act as the only filtration of the water and that the plant of course is exposed to light to be able to grow. in that sense it's not different from aqua farm. you can get algae in the tank in the ecoqube if you overfeed the fish and/or if you keep the light on too much (more than 6-8h per day). the uv-light can help you combat such mistakes (if you include it) or you could add an algae eating snail or shrimp to the tank. i think that the aqua farm focuses too much on the plants you grow and too little on the welfare of the fish.
what is the maximum number of fish we can place in the tank?  what is the best combination would you suggest?
please mark as "gift" when you ship internationally. this is a crowdfunding platform not a preorder platform, you're giving gifts, product samples, etc. to thank contributors for helping you succeed so it's not illegal to mark as a gift. i am fed up of paying taxes + fees fedex or others charges for doing the tax declaration for me.
@ perry: we have an aquafarm too and that thing has some major flaws. first, the only filtration is the plants. the bubbler simply brings the water up to the plant trays and the plants are to filter the water. it really has no other filtration and much of the water never enters the filter because of the design. additionally, because there is the secondary tank at the top (where the plants are), it became a breeding ground for nats and other small bugs. additionally, it relied on sunlight to grow the plants. aquarium+sunlight=algae. just a poorly designed system.  it looks like this project is quite a bit different and addresses most all of the design flaws of the aquafarm.
hi, i was an original aquafarm backer and ended up thoroughly disappointed in my purchase.  i'm very interested in aquaponics, and this looks like a nice addition to my office, but have a few concerns: 1.  how many decibels will this filter/pump put out?   i had to replace my aquafarm pump with a standard (noisy) pump after the original pump wasn't strong enough.  i see it used in an office in the promo video, but there's no video of the sound that it makes anywhere. 2.  how easy will this be to keep clean?  my aquafarm needed to be cleaned at least once a month, even though they claimed that it never needed to be cleaned. thank you.
to correct the comment below, we meant to say: "why we chose acrylic"
thanks again for all the great feedback. we're loving it! we will add a pre-filter for shrimp! @ben, we may offer glass as an addon. why we chose glass: 1. manufacturing the filter portion effectively 2. glass breaks very easily during transit 3. glass scratches permanently but high quality acrylic can be polished. 4. we offered glass for ecoqube 1 but had <5 backers interested 5.  high quality acrylic is 15% more clear than any other type of glass 6. combining glass and acrylic can affect the quality and durability of the ecoqube c.  7. shipping glass is heavier and more expensive to ship but with very little benefits
@christopher chan  i'm glad some other backer agree that low iron glass is more maintenance friendly and will maintain its lustre longer. for people wondering what is low iron glass (a.k.a crystal glass, starfire, starphire, optiwhite, klear, etc) and difference in clarity between normal glass, acrylic, see here: http://i26.photobucket.com/albums/c134/amiidae/predatory%20fish/zpostimg_4901a.jpg i also believe it will boost the backer number even further if @creator willing to offer low iron glass version of this beautiful nano tank in this campaign.  all nano tank currently sold outside are acrylic or ordinary glass. low iron glass nano tank will give ecoqube excellent advantage and practically have no competitor on the market.
@creator, similar to the question from @the tick tock man can you make sure that the filter design is compatible with small shrimp such as cherry shrimp and their offspring? this nano aquarium setup are perfect for shrimp keeping, and hopefully you can test the filter to have appropriate safeguard (usually by putting sponge in water inlet) and there is no other gap in the filter design to prevent those small creature to be sucked over.
is the ecoqube shrimp friendly! i would love to have some cherry shrimp in a tank in my room!
does the water evaporate in this kind of tank?
i am an early backer at $39 with a delivery estimate in august.  is it possible to also back the $78 reward while maintaining my original backing?  for a total of 3 ecoqubes?
@creator. love the update with the revised stretch goal. very happy to see yall are hard at work to always make the product better!
i'd like to add that i agree with the comment from "ben1680 on april 16" low iron glass have similar clarity with acrylic, with advantage of scratch resistance.  once algae grow on acrylic version, you cannot clean it using basic magnet glass cleaner, for example. it will leave hair scratch mark all over the acrylic. cleaning something like this that looks to be rather fragile would be less stressful if the glass itself is more resistant.
300k is the next stretch goal??? what if me make it 200k and get rid of the color option. the lid is much more practical
@iain wah those addons, except for uv sterilizer (which is included in the 139$ pledge), are not included in any of the pledges, and you'll have to add them once the campaign ends. none one them are a must have for your ecoqube though.
@creator i backed this project, one for me and one for my father, i am getting confused with the addons and what each backing gets you, i did the two for $79... but i expect to receive what i see in the video? with the light etc... is this all i need. its very confusing for someone with no aquarium experience. thanks.
i'm happy for being a backer of the ecoqube c.  there's a question about it.  would the product be suitable for salt water tank??
@creator thank you very much for listening to our suggestion. together we can make ecoqube-c the best integrated nano aquarium solution on the market...
oh - very nice! i have to say i wasn't super excited about choosing a color either, a lid is definitely more useful. kudos for listening.
hey everyone! we really appreciate the feedback! we're putting together an update right now to update the stretch goal =)
i just went back and checked the videos. you already show the color change lights in the video so i had thought that was already part of the ecocube. i like a lot of the other suggestions by others. like the lid for example. i'm actually thinking of backing out or at least moving to a lower tier on this project. your stretch goals are all simple hacks. you take a cheap micro controller and you can add color changing and timer functions easily. as well as a bunch of other things.
@chris if i remember correctly when i asked the uv light was $120 if bought outside of kickstarter.
agree with chris  disappointed with the starch goal reward  uv or more useful option would be great
@ian. i agree that the lid is should be the biggest priority. i'd hate to ppl back out if they can't accommodate such a request either.
i feel a little disappointed about the stretch goals,too! the first stretch goal about the timer function was in the picture in the section "what is the ecoqube c?" already mentioned like it is included (not optional like the uv led!). i see this feature very usefull and needed, but i thought it is already included! the second stretch goal is very high and completly not needed! i think that stretch goals like inlcuded heater, top cover or autofeeder would be more useful. are there any updates about your tests with the new uv led? where is the best location for installing and how much would be the price later for this?
strech goals (in that order) in my opinion 1- lid 2- auto feeder 3- heater
hello, i am a science teacher who wants to put one of these in the classroom! as someone new to aquariums, could someone tell me what is not included that would be necessary to keep a fish in the cube? thanks
@brandon, you can get a mini heater off amazon for $20. you won't be able to get a lid for this aquarium just anywhere. it has to be custom. i would want the lid.
i think lid or mini heater would be better stretch goal than different colors as well
a cover to the aquarium is much more appealing than colors.
yes i agree, the colour stretchgoal is not really appealing to me i want the aquarium to be low key colours so i can focus on what's inside.
please add the cover for the aquarium, where i live (india) there is a lot of dust that will just accumulate on the water if left open.. also, don't really like the color stretch goal. would be better to add more fundtion to the ecoqube than just create different versions.
hello @creator, since shipping is going to be a variable and we won't know the cost until after the project. can we change shipping destination much later on? if shipping becomes too expensive, i might just give this as a gift to one of my friends in another country. thanks
@creator,  can you please consider other idea on stretch goal?  as others already point out, additional color will not benefit the actual setup, nor boosting your backer number. couple of backer collected idea for the stretch goal: - led automatically change from white to blue at night (to simulate moon) - 10min turn off button for the pump (useful during fish feeding) - built in mini heater - aquarium top cover inclusion - stronger led light
i would like to echo a request from others ..... a cover would be a great addition.  thanks and i'm looking forward to this!  @rune - you're awesome for answering all the q's :-)
what are the alternatives for the uv light? and what kind of power source/plug will it use?
i think you should offer the following extensions after backing is over: 1. decoration items, like the one in the images. 2. heater, to heat the water up to the temperatures required by bettas. 3. autofeeder, so that people can go to holidays without inconveniences to find someone for feeding the fish (2 weeks of fish food storage is enough). after that, you would offer a truly automatic and complete ecosystem!
@creator your ama doesn't seem very active.
our reddit ama is live! ask us anything! http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/33aqi1/weve_worked_in_the_aquarium_industry_for_7_years/
it's really sad that we can only fit one betta fish in the ecoqube c. i think most people would prefer a bigger tank option rather than customizable colors as a stretch goal...
@aqua design innovations any chance my question can be answered as well? ;)
@guy we try to answer questions within 24 hours but we can't seem to find yours. messaging you directly right now! happy to help! thank you all for the support!!!!
@creator - you never responded to my question from april 11.  please do so.  thanks!
yes! stretch goal #1, the timer is easily the most useful thing to add to this project. i plan to keep my tank in my office, so having the lights on a timer will make it so i don't have to worry about shutting them off every day.
woot! stretch goal! @acod: i've done some research and i'm pretty sure that either @patrick is right that it's minerals gathering because of evaporation or bacteria or fungi. these are not uncommon in a tank being cultured and they are not posing any harm to the fish. a search on google shows that it's quite common that people experience this (especially if the water surface is not stirred). it has nothing to do with the ecoqube from what i can see. however the ecoqube is made of acrylic and from what i've seen it can be difficult to clean completely in such cases. my advice is that you keep the pump running also when you travel and maybe cover the tank with something to limit evaporation. the entire idea is that you'll need water flow to have your plant filter the water, hence if you plan to add fish, there's no way around it. as people here will get a different system i suggest that you join our google group for ecoqube 1. we are a few people there who share pictures of our tank and help each other with advice and such. you'll find it here: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/115209680887976508058
*whisper* we have silently met stretch goal #1
@patrick oh, i have hard water, and i expect those kinds of marks, but this was literally, a white film on top of the water in the center of the tank.
@acod: it could be calcium or other minerals from hard water. i had a similar thing happen in a small betta tank i had. when the water evaporates it leaves the mineral deposits on the tank, and it is very hard to clean off. i got around it by using distilled water. in a small 1-2 gallon tank it works fine, but in a larger tank it may get expensive.
good day i was wondering if you could describe / indicate what part or portion of the ecoqube will be "kickstarter green" ...? regards
@rune it gets very little natural sunlight (only a stray beam or two when it is very sunny out.) i kind of knew about that aspect of setting up an aquaponics farm, due to having the aquafarm as my first iteration of aquaponics. the reason i switched over was because of the overly complicated farm mechanism, the issues i have had with setting up the aquafarm, and just the aesthetic of the ecoqube called to me. i have no reason to put white plastic on my farm. that overheats the water (as any light, including the supposed cool light from the leds would cause that,) and it would gather algae greatly. the white film is just that. it was a strange white filmy substance that formed the first time i had to stop running the pump due to being away from home for a few days. i got home, saw it, and saw the water level marks where the residue was left from the film. in an attempt to clean the water of this film, i used two clean, house hold cups, which are now ruined, because even with steady scrubbing, the film persists on the hard plastic cups. to an extent, it continues to form whenever i have to do this (which i do sometimes as a means to keep the pump from dying,) and unlike the first time, the substance isn't as intense, nor as strong. it isn't an algae, as i have never had one that could withstand hot water and dish soap soaks, without still coming off the sides of whatever it was attached to. i have never had this issue with any other aquarium i have set up before, both aquaponically or normal one.
@c.m. yes, you can have aquatic plants within the tank. actually adding these plants to the tank will strengthen the ecosystem. in my ecoqube 1 (from the first kickstarter campaign) i have a small java fern and two anubias 'petite', these two plants are especially recommended for the ecoqube as they are very low maintenance. @alien: did you set up your ecoqube close to a window where it is exposed to sunlight? i would recommend not doing that because of the small size of the aquarium the temperatures in the water could vary a lot and this would be bad for the fish. also the sunlight could increase evaporation of the water, increase algae growth, and cause imbalance to the ecosystem because of the varied light exposure. in regard to the pump then i changed my setup a little and got a timer for my lights and got a 6v power supply that i use for the pump. this lessened the water flow, so perhaps that could be an option for you to consider as well? please elaborate on the "white film" - is it plastic that you put there yourself or is it a white film that has appeared on its own (as in bacteria from exposed sunlight)?
i cant tell from the pictures and videos, but is the filter/pump/plant assembly removable from the tank? i'm thinking if i maybe one to get a 5 gallon acrylic tank i can easily add this onto it, or add 2 filter/pump assemblies to a 10 gallon tank ;)
@ad i am an owner of the first ecoqube, and although i love it, i do have some questions, and hopes that some of my negative experiences won't be repeated here. 1.) i had a white film form on top of my water the first time i decided i wanted to let the motor settle, and i needed to go on a short break away from my home, so that the lowered water levels wouldn't damage my motor. this initial white film... was almost impossible to remove, and is still pretty much impossible to remove. every time i give the motor a break, this film layer returns, but not with the same consistency (much less resistant to cleaning off of objects that i use to pull the water from the tank.) 2.) are you going to be fixing the hyper sensitivity of the motor system? i have to add water every 3 days (2 if it is very sunny outside,) and if i don't, the filter's sound will be more grindy than someone who has almost no brake pads left braking. 3.) more of a concept you may wish to look into: reducing the strength of the suction so that a baby/very young betta could survive safely in the ecoqube, so that your ecosystem can grow with the fish. thank you for your response! to everyone else: other than my gripes above, i have two water plants in my current ecoqube, and they are thriving nicely, even with only 7 hours of light daily. i haven't added a fish yet (the above issue keeps me from conscientiously adding a fish,) but my snail has thrived nicely in it for the most part, but he has survived accidental water poisoning that has killed a betta, an unfortunate electroshock (bad water heater,)  and a plethora of incidents not nearly as severe as the above.
any chances of an automated feeder? betta fish are quite easy to keep, as they require only 1 or 2 pellets of food per day, and can go for a long time without food, but it would be nice to not have this be a concern. any on the market feeder is not built for betta fish and is way too large to fit on this tank without being a huge eyesore and overfeeding the fish. so, if we could create some sorta track of small pellet holders where each day it moves to the next one and drops its contents, we might be able to preload a week of food or more quite easily and even set it to only feed the fish once every two days if we are going to be away longer than that.
@c.m. from what i've seen of the tanks that have been shown they do have water plants growing in them. also i have been checking out bettafish.com and there is some lovely set ups on there.
@c.m. i think exactly the same!!! it would be amazing if we can have diversities in the ecoqube. diversity is the true art of nature. well... i am new to aquariums and i would like to know the answers too.
will it be possible to plant plants inside the tank, in addition to the one being grown on top? also, you recommended a beta as the fish of choice, but then went on to recommend some shrimp/snails, is the ecosystem big enough to handle a beta and a couple of the shrimp/snails? i am looking forward to this project, it's been 20 years since i had a tank and am looking forward to getting back into it in this unique way.
@creator as mentioned by other people as well, can you help to make sure that the filter design is compatible with small shrimp such as cherry shrimp and their offspring? this nano aquarium setup are perfect for shrimp keeping, and hopefully you can test the filter to have appropriate safeguard (usually by putting sponge in water inlet) and there is no other gap in the filter design to prevent those small creature to be sucked over.
@creator, maybe you can consider built in heating pad as your next stretch goal?
hey mathew, we're right there with ya! we want the best home for the animals.
thank you so much for your thorough and thoughtful feedback!  a little heating pad is a great idea.  your response definitely conveyed that you understood my passion for raising bettas and wanting to create the best environment possible.  here's to the success of your campaign!
you can see some of our experiences here: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/… 3. so then do we make a 5 gallon aquarium that may cost our backers $150 each or a 1.5 gallon that we've seen work over and over again. business aside, the first option also limits the reach of the concept of aquaponics (our core vision). 4. bettas in the wild do live in 72*-86* f temperatures but 99%+ of all bettas you see are all farm raised. farmers raise the temperatures of their tanks to 80's when bettas are growing and breeding to speed up metabolism (for growth and maturation) but for generations, these farm raised bettas have been kept in the low 70's during their juvenile and adult lives to slow down their metabolism, create less waste and keep their brilliant colors for longer periods of time. in addition we are working out a method of leaving a slot for backers to potentially place a additional heating pad for their offices or homes that may be out of betta's comfortable temperatures. hope this helps anyone reading this to clarify what our thinking process was.  feel free to message us directly with any thoughts and feedback!
to give you a run through of our thought process: 1. in the ecoqube c, we've seen the betta thrive. 2. in our 8 years of experience in the industry, although there's a general "rule" of one inch of fish per gallon of water and that bettas require 5 gallon aquariums. not only have we found that no one follows those rules, but we also found that rule doesn't stand under different circumstances. a 5 gallon aquarium with regular filtration even with just 1 fish will still have no3 build up and require constant water changes to remove no3 (which most owners will not do regularly). where as in an ecoqube c, after 3 months of 0 water changes, no3 levels are so low less than 5ppm they don't show up in our tests. in that scenario, i think the betta itself would prefer living in a unpolluted ecoqube c that's less dependent on the owner. this same idea we found also applies to densely planted aquariums ( our domain) and such where there's essentially an ecosystem inside the aquarium and have had hundreds of fish thrive (breeding, showing brilliant colors) in denser ratios than what the internet suggests.
thanks for your comment mathew! we can really relate to your point and passion. before recommending bettas, we actually kept a betta in the ecoqube c for several months to ensure they would be super healthy. the betta built a large bubble nest and was ripe for breeding (typically the best indicator of perfect health). the flow of the pump was too strong so we've recently turned it down to allow for bubble nest to be built. the ecoqube c is 1.5 gallons. after being in the industry for so long, we've seen most beginner betta sets are less than 1/2 gallon and have no filter. the ecoqube c filters water at up to 75 gallons per hour and is 3x the size. water goes through the filter 50 times an hour. our intent with this product is to solve that problem for bettas. with a great established ecosystem, the plants can handle the "bioload" of a 1" fish and keep the water consistently clean. we 100% agree with your concerns and would like to hear what you think about our current filtration system for a 1.5 gallon betta tank.
i have two concerns re: bettas: 1.  there is no way to heat the tank and most homes don't have ambient temperatures in the 75-82 tropical temperature range to keep bettas healthy. 2.  this is a 1.5 gallon tank. bettas need at least a 5 gallon tank to thrive. i am a super early bird backer but the more i learn about bettas the less i find this aquarium to be suitable. i would love to fall back in love with your product but until these issues are resolved i will not be able to continue backing your project.  thanks for listening to all of your customer feedback and hopefully making this the perfect betta tank...
@creator please offer low iron glass version, like your previous campaign. i believe it will boost your campaign supporter even more. low iron glass have similar clarity with acrylic, with advantage of scratch resistance.  once algae grow on acrylic version, you cannot clean it using basic magnet glass cleaner, for example. it will leave hair scratch mark all over the acrylic.
@wesley kay seeds are included only for us backers, i'm assuming due to export restrictions. it's quite likely that the seeds they would provide aren't what you'd necessarily want to grow anyway, and seeds are cheap so i'm not sure i see that as a big deal. i'm in the us and will be receiving seeds with mine, which i probably won't make use of; it's hard to say since i don't know what the seeds will be.
@mance my preliminary research (e.g. a brief googling) doesn't bode well for lavender, but i'm hoping someone will chime in and authoritatively tell me otherwise. if not, there are a number of other options that would work to contribute to a pleasant office environment; by lavender is one of my migraine therapies, so having a fresh supply growing on my desk would be amazing! here's hoping someone comes along and gives us a thumbs-up for it! if not, i'll do a test-grow alongside some basil; we can stay in touch and i'll let you know how that turns out.
@rr please read the faq on the campaign page. "is the compact uv sterilizer needed? "
is it necessary to have a uv sterilizer?
so in theory with this you never have to change the water? also how often do we have to clean the filter/change the filter? is there a top on top of the cube? well to prevent the critters you put in there from escaping out.
so, just raised my pledge to the twin-level :) but i really need a shipping estimate, because this can be a neck-breaker due to customs...
sorry, should be medium not media
plant media only refers to the soil, sponge or stones depending on what they use. media does not refer to seeds.
@nick healey thanks for your comment. however in the faq at the bottom of the campaign page, it states: "...plant medium will be included for international backers. in the case the customs in your country doesn't like it and throw it away, you can always use a regular sponge." so that's why i'm confused and wanted to confirm with creator that it does indeed come with seeds. also, creator, when can you finalise the shipping costs? i'm sure many of us wouldn't want to be notified after the campaign is over that we have to fork out another $25-30 for international shipping, as it will be a big deterrent to me. can you please lock in the shipping cost? the cost right now is perfect. thanks on another note, will there be a lid on the tank? having curious pets and young kids coming over and putting their paws/hands inside probably isn't the best idea. it would also reduce water evaporation. thoughts?
@xenatos:the uv led is 235 nm and the light is .25 watts. @hamilton: the faq says:"does the ecoqube c work with salt water? the ecoqube c was designed and tested for freshwater but it may work with a small mangrove in the filter. no guarantees there though "
how many watts is the compact uv sterilizer
gasps! the basil comparison!!! did anyone spot the click and grow product there (minus the lamp attachment) ? :d no wonder it was dying... @creators you guys should further edit away that picture. just in case...
do i get it right that there will be additional shipping costs for international backers added at the end of the campaign? can you give me an estimate for shipping to germany? since we'll have to pay a considerable amount of customs on the total including shipping, that's an important information for me. thanks a lot!
can this be used with a saltwater setup.
@wesley "(seeds are not included for intl backers)" unfortunately we international backers do not get any seeds. likely due to customs. not that they will be hard to find.  i believe they said we still get the medium, that would be a sponge. we just don't get seeds.
@creator just confirming that for us international backers there will be mint seeds provided? is there a choice for basil as well? thanks
question for the faq - how loud is the filter? i want to put this in my bedroom - but like things nice and quiet at night.
i can't wait to have my very own ecosystem in my home. a little cube of nature.
for international backer's what type of plant are you recommending?
@creator - thanks for adding the uv specs to the faq! :) sounds like your approach is similar to the commercially-available uv clarifiers, but uses lab-rated high-end components - am i correct?  one follow-up question, if i may.  you wrote: "suggested use will be 2 hours per day" will that be integrated into the stretch goal timer, or will the timer only control the visible wavelength leds?  how many channels will the timer have? thanks in advance for your transparency and professionalism!
aquarium cover stretch goal and/or add-on option please? my felines are awfully curious and i am not always able to stop them... 8)
by the way, huge shout out to ecoqube backers @rune and @yucheng for the continuous help, feedback and suggestions to bring aquaponics to the masses! without our initial backers, we would not be where we are today and they still continue to help us! thank you thank you thank you!!!! -kevin
hey everyone! hope you're having an awesome weekend so far! check out the faqs we just updated. if we missed any of your question, feel free to message us directly and we will get right back to ya! best, eric
would this be a well working setup for only shrimp?
agreed, not trying to be pushy but more info is needed on the uv option. i won't pay an additional 2x the cost of the tank for uv but i really would like it. my work space is basically a live show room for my company so i will need to keep this tank perfect. i guess i can come up with my own uv option if the need arises though.
@creator: please post an update on how the uv clearing light works and where in the system it's installed - inside the pump? if not, does it come with its own flow pump?  $90 is an expensive upgrade that's almost twice as much as the ecoqube c itself, and there are plenty of aftermarket uc clarifiers, so i would love to see a comparison table showing the specs of your uv clarifier vs. other leading manufacturers. specifically, type of uv, wavelength, wattage, average bulb life, warranty, spare bulbs, volume flow rate, etc. thanks! - guy
@keith bronstrup excellent idea mate. lavender as a filter plant if it works would be really nice. lets hope that someone might know the answer to this one as i think i'd love to have some lavender in mine :)
@toni neylon: don't be sad about the seeds and the pod. basil or mint seeds are not very expensive and you'll be able to find them easily either online or at a plant store. instead of the pod, you just use a sponge and sow the seeds in that - it will work the same way as the pod.
i love this and can't wait for it to arrive when the time comes - but as i'm overseas in australia and don't get the seeds and pod ( which really sucks as thats a big part of the whole set up grrrr )  anyhoos , was wondering as i'm hopeless with all this sort of thing will there be an instruction leaflet  re what seeds/plant pod to buy - age of plant and suggestions on what works well if adding its & bits to the tank ?
does the aquarium cover come with the set?
ok... maybe i should have been more specific. i was more concerned about the filtering mechanism and pump whether they would survive salt water. i understand i could not put basil or mint (or any normal herb) but if i was thinking of using a mangrove for nitrate removal, or maybe some calerpa (or other) algae. plus work is being done using salt water for aquaponics: https://mote.org/news/article/aquaponic-fish-veggies-worth-their-salt http://www.aquaponics-shop.com/saltwater/page/29/
hey guys, what kind of combination you think would work to have the tank as lively add possible and still maintain a good environment for the fish? would some sort of an aqua plant, two smallest fish,  a shrimp and a snail (or two shrimps?)  work? what's the combination for the most living things there?
clean
@david snell: no, aquaponics only works for freshwater. you won't find any plants able of filtering salt water. @icywolfe: the tank should be perfect for shrimps (they also mention this in the faq).
i wonder if this tank is enough just for shrimps?
can we buy the uv light separately later on?
nvm... when you swap back from a higher pledge ks dos not always clear the new shipping charge.
hello, i am also interested too, for uv option ! thank !
i think you have shipping being added to the $1 pdf level!
is this system able to handle a marine environment, ie: be used as a saltwater tank? i am thinking it could be interesting to use as a pico tank. second... how much control of the leds is there or how easily could they be swapped out? it is tough to tell if that portion is removable or if the leds could be controlled by other means for dimming or other lighting effects.
@rune thanks! i'm sure it's still safer than the stuff we got deployed.
@spoon sorry it was unclear! unfortunately, kickstarter does not allow us to change the text so we're uploading a infographic right now! =)
@creator you might want to "emphasize" that the $139 and $149 options include the uv light.  apparently it is easy to miss.  maybe call it the "ecoqube c uv light early bird special: " or such.
@heath the backing options at $139+ and $149+ are the uv add on for backers.  effectively it's your "backer option".  it is expensive, but i'm guessing the system they use is expensive. they are recommending betta and white cloud minnows (among a few others) these are freshwater fish that do well in colder temperatures, so no heat source.
i just thought of another thing...heat source of any sort?
@rune: thanks for your thoughts on the lighting. i'm curious along with others about the uv option. it would be nice if it was included for backers and not an expensive add-on. if it can even be added on after the fact.
so the picture with the features is right there on the main page.... it highlights the "automatic timing functions" so - not a stretch goal - already stated as included. what gives?
@andrew thorpe: they covered your question in the faq. in regard to eating the plants and whether it is safe, adi will never be able to tell you that they are safe to eat. there are strong regulations about food and it would require every expensive testing of hundreds of possible combinations of fish, plants, fish food, water conditioners etc. to be able to tell you whether or not it is safe to eat the plants. i live in a country where i don't need to use water conditioner. do i think my plant is safe to eat? yea i guess so. would i eat it? no. absolutely not! because i am not -sure- that it is safe to eat. would i recommend anyone to eat it? absolutely not. @heath warren: i got the ecoqube 1 (as i was a backer of that campaign). it looks like they are using the same light for the ecoqube c and i can tell you that it is very bright and sharp and has absolutely no trouble providing light for my aquatic plants no matter at what position i set it. @andy kwok: the system is created so you don't have to change water. but there can be situations where you would wish to change water. for instance if you add driftwood to your tank, then the wood will color the aquarium water (depending on for how long it has been boiled before it was added to the tank). hence doing a water change now and then could be needed. also in case you overfeed your fish (they need less food than you expect) you might get a bit of algae growth from time to time. in such cases a water change could also be an idea (as well rubbing away the algae with a sponge).
will the uv lights be available for purchase seperately later on?
@creator how do you suppose lavender would work as a filter plant?
@yucheng i saw you mentioned 'change water' in your comment. i don't know why i have the impression that we don't need to change water for the ecoqube c. is that i got something wrong or it's the ideal case?
is the tank not intended to be able to sustain aquatic plants in the tank? it seems like as you move the light source away/up to accommodate the terrestrial plant, you effectively decrease the lighting in the tank itself. i almost think they should be separate lights. i would like more info on the lighting system, maybe even some images and diagrams of the spread and spectrum.
feel confused with strech goal #1! in one of the project pictures it said already that there will be automatic timer function included. so i supposed it is not a strecth goal! what is stretch gioal #2?- led lights included? will the timer fuction be able to switch teh leds and the uv leds seperatly? still would like to know where the uv led is installed! in the top or in the filter system
guys, love your product! if we plan on just having fresh water fish and not adding chemicals, would that reduce the risk of eating the plant, especially if you use basil? thanks!
to keven and api team: glad to see the auto timer @ stretch goal #1.  for other stretch goal, i think thermometer will be a really good idea. i believe that lots of people will put this aquarium in their office which normally kinda cold for most of tropical tetra (or betta). i put one ecoqube in my wife's office and their air condition make temperature always below 20c. thus, i need to add an extra thermometer for her aquarium. another good function will be a bottom/switch which can temporarily turn off the filter while doing water change or feeding. (around 10 min.) the water flow for ecoqube 1st version was really close to water surface which blow away the fish food easily. and for some fish, it's a bit hard for them to catch the food right away and become waste. of course, un-plug the power is one way, but it's also a good idea to add one bottom to turn it off then it will  turn on automately 5-10 min later. something like this: http://www.marinedepot.com/flexi_plug_bluetooth_power_switch_timers_for_aquarium_lighting-flexi-az72883-filtactm-vi.html
hey everyone! we updated the faqs! check it out! hopefully it answers most of your questions! feel free to message us if we haven't yet! =) best, kevin
@kevin rock and plant inside the tank will not be included. @vesta tank is 1 gallon, it is about 6 x 6 x 6" @darren you don't need uv light
@kelvin  the $139+ and $149+ levels include the uv light.  effectively it's about a $100 upgrade in backer dollars.
hi,  what are the dimensions of this aquarium,  even if approximate?   also what chemicals are used in the aquarium that are unsafe?  if we only feed the fish organics would this decrease risk? also,  any possibility of creating an add-on of an automatic fish feeder for this small aquarium (in case of vacation absences)?  i've seen some on ebay and amazon but it would be very helpful if you could either recommend a model or have one just for the ecocube c given its unique size.
will the artificial rock/plant thing inside the tank be included ?  also the details section shows "optional uv light". how much will this add on be ??
uv light* stupid autocorrect
@darren the ugly light is needed so no algae or bacteria will grow and hurt the aquarium
are you guys planning any add ons?  maybe a branches/decor set?
and also i'm new with aquarium. maybe this is a silly question, but do we need uv led? what happen if there is no uv led?
am wondering, will there be any stretch goal?
questions: what are the dimensions of the tank? does it require any sunlight? or is the led light enough? do you ever need to add more of bio-medium? how often do you have to add water?  what are some other options other than a betta fish? can it support like 3 neons? what about tiny crabs or things like that?
i'm just wondering. according to wikipedia, aquaponics is a food production system that combines conventional aquaculture with hydroponics in a symbiotic environment. so in ecoqube case, the fish waste serve as the plant nutrient while the plant cleans the water but the plant is not a food for human. is there any misleading information here by talking about food production?
it says not to eat the plant being used to filter the aquarium, citing concerns about no testing on safety of consumption with plants grown on aquarium systems. that makes the choice of basil curious to me.   why not an aromatic plant like mint?   does the aquarium environment alter the scent of such plants, or are they not sufficient to filter the environment? i would love to put mint in mine, so that any time i have to trim the plant, i get a pleasant aroma as a treat.
i have a question about noise.  what are the decibal levels expected from this cube?  i ask because i intend to put this in my cube at the office and i want to ensure that the background office noise is higher than the noise output of the ecoqube running (with a full tank of water).
hey backers! we've been swamped and still working through the messages you've sent us! we will try our best to respond to all the messages and update faqs at least once every 24 hours. we will try to answer questions here occasionally but if you'd like your questions answered promptly, feel free to message us directly! thank you so much to the owners of the ecoqube 1 for helping us out! it means a lot!! we're working hard on catching up with messages and will try our very best to get to the comments too! =) thank you all for backing us!!
i just did some conversion, so 1 gallon cube tank is about 6 x 6 x 6" ouch, wish i did that before jump in for twin ecoqube c
@yucheng su @rune thanks for your replies. so if i understand correctly the first ecoqube had a removable filter that could be attached to another aquarium of your choice and the ecoqube c doesn't? also, would the filter be strong enough to support a bigger tank with more fish or would it require 2 or more filters (with plants)? i have no experience with aquariums so i would appreciate any insight :)
@nick healey: i guess the tank would work very well with shrimp. the only thing that could be a problem is whether or not baby shrimp would risk being sucked into the filter. this would depend on the strength of the flow and how big the openings that the water passes through into the filter are. i don't know if adi thought about this, you could mail them? if they didn't maybe it could be a stretch goal to design the filter to be baby shrimp safe. :-) @kevin chan: you cannot add another fish together with a betta in such a small tank. the betta is very territorial and aggressive. the other fish would most likely be killed. to my knowledge there aren't really any other fish you can have in an aquarium this size. typically fish are shoaling and will need 4-5 other of the same specie around them. the general easy guidline is that an aquarium needs to be 1 liter for every centimeter of fish. so if you have fish that grow to 4 cm in length and got 5 of them, then you would need an aquarium size of 20 liter (5 gallons). this guideline is based on how well the water is filtered and because the water in the ecoqube is filtered by the plant (super filtration) you will have very clean water and that rule can be modified a little. i backed the first version of the ecoqube and that tank is a 2 gallon tank. i have 5 white cloud mountain minnows in that tank and even though i'm pushing it in regard to size, i've taken care to leave a big swimming area for the fish and so far they seem to be doing very well (good coloration, low aggression, etc). however i would never put that number of fish into a 1 gallon tank (which i guess that the ecoqube c will be) and if you were to add neon tetra, you would also need 5 of those or such because they are shoaling fish and the tank is just not big enough for that. another factor that comes into play in regard to fish is at what temperature you should keep them. some fish are very sensitive and will require a very specific temperature and ph. a betta fish is quite resilient and will do well in a small tank like this - even at room temperature i'm told.
what is the size of this 1 gal? is there a way to have separate power adapter for filter and light? want light to be on timer instead of having to turn on manually, unless it can be program.
why the 3 month difference between the $39 and $49 levels?  since i didn't check kickstarter, i could have saved 3 months on delivery?  hmm.
@rune you don't think we could do a betta, two/three neon tetras or something else ? no more than 4/5 fish total??
@rune - thanks for the info!!
would this work with shrimp in the tank instead of fish?
@lukas: you can have 1 betta in the ecoqube c. it is not big enough to hold other fish. the betta is highly territorial and aggressive and that is why it is ideal to hold it in such a small tank. it is also a very beautiful fish. the uv light is "nice to have" - a couple of us discussed the uv light option in the comments below, you can read them for more details. @chris chung: you are welcome. i got the first ecoqube as a backer of that campaign and i would like to see this invention get into the hands of as many people as possible. @sheri: it says that there's a timer built into the system. i don't know any details about it though. better e-mail adi with the question or wait and see if they answer it here. @isabelle picard: i believe that the pump will pump 60 gallons/hour when running on 12v. you can compare that to other pump requirements for bigger tanks. i guess the plant just need to have a certain size to be able to filtrate the water in a tank where you have more fish. i think you will be able to use it in a bigger tank without too much trouble.
@rune - any idea if the filter on the first ecoqube (i have it too) would be powerful enough to maintain a balanced ecosystem in a bigger tank, though ? i'm still a beginner in these things, but i'm afraid not...
the led lights are connected to a timer?
thanks rune, i appreciate your time answering our questions ;)
hello, im new to aquariums, how many and what type of fishes could there be in such a small space? further how necessary is the uv light? thanks for the nice compact desk size aquarium, perfect to have on the desk!
@rich garrod: ah, i'm sorry. i misunderstood your question. yes, the led light is able to nourish the plant light wise. the two recommended plants for the ecoqube are basil and mint. adi recommends basil because it grows a bit quicker than mint, i guess. i use mint in my own ecoqube and the plant is seeking directly towards the light, growing steadily. @chris chung: no, you wont need an oxygenator. in the ecoqube i got there is a good water flow and that mixes the oxygen from the air into the water. from the video on this site of the ecoqube c, you can clearly see the water flow as well. i would recommend that you add a few aquarium plants to your tank, like java fern or anubias 'petite' or anubias 'nana'. they are very easy low maintenance plants that will also help ensure that you have a healthy ecosystem (and they will add a tiny bit of oxygen to the water as well). @sabine kurz: the led, uv light and the pump uses 12v. the pump needs to run all the time and the led needs to be on around 8 hours per day. as both the uv and the light are led lights they don't use much electricity. here's the specs of the power supply for the ecoqube i got. i guess it would be the same one for the ecoqube c: 12v, 1000ma.
@philip ch & isabelle picard: this was also requested in their first kickstarter. i think they are going for the small desktop aquariums because they would like to make them accessible to as many people as possible. the filter made for the first ecoqube can be used in a bigger tank as it is a hang-on filter. in the ecoqube c it looks like the filter is integrated into the tank, hence i guess you won't be able to use it in a bigger tank. i doubt they will make a bigger aquarium as a stretch goal at this point, but you could always purchase the hang on ecoqube filter later on if you would like to use it for a bigger tank i guess. @sheri e stefano bellelli: yes, it is quite easy to work with as long as you follow their recommendations. one thing you should be aware of, however, is that it is quite important where you locate a small desktop aquarium like this. don't put it near a heating source (radiator) or near a window where it will be exposed to direct sunlight. this would make the temperature inside the tank fluctuate and thereby make a bad environment for your fish. direct sunlight could also create unwanted algae growth.
@khoa phan: the led on the ecoqube i got is very strong, so i do not think you will experience any problems with the light in regard to growing the plants you mention. i do not know the spectrum of the led and whether the plants you mention requires something special in that regard. @chris s: the beauty of the system is that you do not need to change any filter material. the bacteria that converts ammonia will be present in the tank and in the sponge-like material where the plant is growing. it is a mini ecosystem, so when these bacteria die, they too will be converted into nutrients for the plant. the only thing you might need to do now and then is to clean the filter sponge of debris now and then. i would guess that the uv light will be located at the top as the entire bulb is not submerged into the water in the system i have. i would also guess that it would be possible for you to buy it seperately. uv lights for aquarium filtration are in general quite expensive, the one used for the first ecoqube costs 130 usd on adi's website (http://adiventures.net/collections/all-products/products/compact-uv) and i guess they will use the same one for the ecoqube c. consider it "nice to have" and not "need to have". the reason they are this expensive is because they are expensive to make. in regard to shipping seeds and plant medium internationally, then it is not possible because of international regulations (to protect the environment against invasive species etc.). there is a one year warranty on the first ecoqube.
hi guys, great product once again! i do have one question though. i loved your first project, however the $25 shipping cost drove me away. i see that you have said that additional shipping charges could/will be requested after the campaign. my only concern is that after the campaign i will be requested to pay another $15-20 for shipping. is there any way for you to clarify on real shipping costs?
congratulations, kicktraq is predicting that this campaign is trending towards 7138% :) to one of the owners of the previous ecoqube, how much electricity does it use?
can't wait to get my hands on one, this should be fun. my first aquarium ever! thanks guys!
i don't have any experience in setting up an aquarium, does this system requires an oxygenator?
@rune thanks :) i do know how photosynthesis works! there has just been no mention of whether the leds are capable of nourishing the plant light wise, normal bulbs don't work as i understand it.
can we get a reward for two ecoqube c with uv installed as well?
would love the possibility to get a bigger tank too :)
@ philip: the filter station can actually move @ original version. (i assume the new version can also move). so, you can buy larger tank (frameless) if you want.  @ sheri: sure. but it still better to do a bit research online before you start it (there are plenty of basic information online). and most important thing is "patient".
so is it good even for who has no knowledge of aquarium s?
hello, could you possibly add bigger tanks as a stretch goal for us that would like to have some bigger fish in it ? thanks and great project !
i also have two original ecoqubes aquariums. i even setup one in my wife's office. i will say this product is the best desktop aquarium in market now. once set it up in correct way, it only required minimum maintenance works to keep it running.   i have lots of fish tank in my small fishroom. normally i setup my tank by myself and i never like this type of aquarium, desktop type. ecoqube is the only one desktop aquarium i got so far.  tip: do not put too many fish in first two weeks~1 month. give a bit time for plant to grow and water cycling. (1 fish with few java ferm will be great to start the cycle). after water cycling after 2-4 weeks, keep 2-4 fishes max in tank will prvent your system crash. also, do not over feed your fish. once per day is good enough for most of fish. for first edition of ecoqube, there are few problems i have so far. noise issue(relate to bad power adapter), no thermometer, filter space kinda a bit too small(i wonder if they can enlarge the space and put motor in deeper level), light is a bit too weak for water plants. i hope these issues are solved in new version. p.s. uv is not a necessary item if you have certain knowledge @ keeping small aquarium.
@sheri: yes they did! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kevinzl/ecoqube-desktop-ecosystem-that-grow-flowers-and-he/posts/687964  ..light effects
@rune did they create any stretch goals for the first campaign?
regarding sabine's question: i think she and me would be interested in the dimensions of the qubec (for planing the installing location ;-) ). we know it will be one gallon, around 3,7l
@creator: congratulations for reaching your campaign goal in less than 2h! @rune: thanks again for answers! @rune or creator: must the biological (bacteria) filter needed to be exchanged?how often? where ist he uv led installed? in the top or in the filter system? can the uv led buyed separetly? how much?100$? what is so special in this uv led that it make the qube so expansive? why ist he plant medium and seed only be available for us backers? how about the warranty about the qubec?
hey, will the led strong enough to grow glossostigma elatinoides or hemianthus callitrichoides.  if not, could it able to grow other carpet plants?
hey, we need better leds for a stretch goal!!
@rich garrod: light contains energy which makes the plant do photosynthesis, which is a chemical process where it converts nutrients picked up by its roots into sugars and such that it needs to grow. it will get the nutrients it needs from the fish waste.
quick question: do the lights feed the plant?
@rune thanks for all the info! greatly appreciated!
@kodiak: i know from the first kickstarter of the ecoqube that foilage was something you needed to buy seperately. you will not have to replace the basil plant - if that is what your question relates to. you can simply trim it if it becomes too big. there's a guide for this on adi's website.
also, how often do the plants need replaced?
is there any foliage (rocks, ferns, wood, etc. ) included in any of the packages? or is that sold separately?
@chris s.: yes, i backed the first version of the ecoqube with a uv lamp and as i wrote to kodiak below, then you can easily manage without it. i'm happy i got it though as it's nice to be able to turn on the uv to sterilize the water if i made a mistake of overfeeding the fish. for instance i was a bit too eager to add fish before my plant was grown to the right size (where it is fully able to filter the water) and it was a good thing to be able to sterilize the water in that situation. but as i said, it is not a "must have" as the plant filters the water very well. when i measure the water quality of my tank, the nitrite and nitrate levels are at their lowest.
@ rune: thanks for your answer! do you use a uv lamp?
@sabine: i think it is a little more than a gallon. the first ecoqube was 2 gallons and the ecoqube c looks a bit smaller. looks like its a perfect sized betta tank. @kodiak: it doesn't look like it. i got a uv light for the ecoqube (the product prior to this) and it is quite expensive, mainly because it is a led (the first of its kind for water filtration i'm told). you can use the ecoqube perfectly well without an uv light, but i'm glad i got mine as it makes it possible for me to turn it on a few hours now and then if i fed the fish a little too much and got a bit of algae in the tank as a result.
hi, i am a backer of the first ecoqube and i love it! if any of you would like to know more about the concept of a desktop aquarium that filters the water using aquaponics, please do not hesitate to ask me any questions. i will be able to answer them from a user/customer/backer perspective. @chris s: i think the chemicals that people may use in the ecoqube would depend on what kind of water quality you have in your country. for instance a lot of places you would need to add a water conditioner to clean up the water for use in an aquarium. i think the reason given below that removing the plant for eating would disturb the balance of the ecosystem is just as important as not eating the plant because of chemicals. in regard to the first version of the ecoqube, then it is true that the pump could create some noise. it had a hang-on filter and based on the feedback adi received in regard to noise from the pump, it looks like they decided to build the filter completely into the system, i feel confident that the pump will be silent in the ecoqube c. @ck: for fish, i would only put betta into this size of aquarium. other fish will require more space. you can also use the aquarium for shrimps for instance. in regard to plants, then you can also use mint. i do that in my version of the ecoqube and it works fine. mint grows a bit slower than basil and i think that is why adi recommends basil for the ecoqube c.
besides the included uv lamp, is there anything else included with the complete package?
excuse all the typos
i've always loved the concept of aquaponics. i even had a 10 gallon system for a few years before it went into a gross death spiral (which was still very captivating). just a few minutes ago i purchased ecoqube cand know exactly where i want to put it, but i know that a lid for these systems are critical, because even a little splash on the wall can add up to extensive damage over time and i would hate to ruin how it looks by having to seal the top with plastic rap.
and how big is the aquarium? i've probably overlooked the info on that
congratulations for your new ecoqube launch! i am sure it will be a successful campaign again! i have same questions like karl and sabine: where is the differnece between the vip special/early bird and the 139$ qube? is it only the uv led sterilization lamp? what is so special in this lamp that this makes a difference of around 100$? uv leds are in ebay available for some bugs! where is the uv lamp located in teh ecoqube? in the top together with the other leds or in the filter system? i read that there some issues with the pump in the old ecoqube (loud and broke after some days). did you investigated in a better pump? how much warranty you gave in ecoqube c (and the pump)? as far as i understand you use normal aquarium chemicals for filtration. so the ecoqube is not so eco (if it is dangerous to eat the herbs,etc grown in the ecoqube c)?
what kind of plants are suitable to grow besides basil? any recommended fish that is suitable to feed in this aquarium? i see you put a flat rate for international shipping but also mention that the rate will be fluctuated. so how much it will end up?
@karl mok, uv sterilizer is included in the ecoqube complete. we will include covers after the campaign depending on the demand for it. @sabine, this is more of a decoration and the plant is used for filtering water. if removed for food, filtration is removed from the ecosystem. in addition, there's huge liability suggesting our customers to eat plants grown out of an aquarium because there's always a chance of contamination. aquarium chemicals in the market are also very unsafe for food consumption. hopefully we can make an ecoqube that grows food in the future. thanks for backing us!
why can't the plants grown with the ecocube c not be eaten, but those of other aquaponic systems can? that's quite disappointing
will there be a way to add the uv sterilizer and cover to the early bird pledge?
