@mrclem - try to make a clean installation.  it is in the "settings" -> "application manager" -> "vaavud" -> "force stop". them click "clear data" and "uninstall". finally restart the phone and install vaavud app again. that will make the app installed as if it were the first time you installed it. the new app version is 0.4.0. fyi
@hector please send an email to hello@vaavud.com, then we get your inquiries into our ticketing system so we can handle them in the best way possible
i still cannot make it work with my nexus 4 (5.1).  i changed the headphone jack from my nexus 4 because it was broken but nothing changed. do you find something wrong in several reports i sent ? (the sleipnir wind meter works fine on a oneplusone and a iphone 6 so the issue is not the device itself.)
i haven't received mine...
@enrico, great to hear that you received it, and that it works well!! regarding the color, then we had to postpone the red color due to technical challenges with the color and the optical sensor that we use. please see one of the project updates for further details. we are still working on a red version, but it will be a few more months before it will be ready to ship, and that's why we had to ship the grey ones to all kickstarter backers, so we could move on
got mine in hong kong and it works like magic! thank you so very much! i thought i will get the red version instead i got the all black version, am i overacting?
@mr. clem - sorry about the long answer then! we only have one android guy, and he is very busy, so the response time may be a bit long, but he will definitely get back to you if you have written to hello@vaavud.com
@vaavud : i already sent an email to you but no answer then. i will try again.
@henry - thanks a lot!! great to hear that you enjoyed the journey but also the destination! @alan - thanks for the video. looks like a pretty serious storm! we have tested the wind meter up to 40 m/s (=144 kmh) @mr. clem - it should work with nexus 4, so that sounds strange. pls send an email to hello@vaavud.com. then our android dev. can try to help you out @dmytro and @rayas - pls also send an email to hello@vaavud.com, then we get your inquiries into our ticketing system so we can handle them in the best way possible
i still haven't received mine, is there a way to know the status of my order ?
got to test mine out today ahead of tc pam sliding by to our east, does the meter have a maximum speed it will read? three times in a row i got a maximum of 96.1 kmh :) https://www.youtube.com/watch… video does not show the max readings i got
hello, it still doesn't work on my nexus 4 with lolippop. any ideas ?
gotta say what a project! i've thoroughly enjoyed following the progress of the development of the wind meter 2.0 and was had high expectations of a quality product. safe to say and report that the wind meter really doesn't dissapoint and was worth waiting for! i used it a couple of times last weekend in the middle of a field on a gusty day - needless to say the wind meter worked flawlessly on my iphone 5. great product guys!
@vaavud it recognizes it, but the same happens when i plug my earphones in.
@james and @dmytro: sorry to hear you are having problems with the iphone 6+. as mentioned, it works on mine so it should not be a problem. does it recognise the windmeter when you insert it? james, have you also updated the app to 1.3?
@roger - very happy to hear that!! :-) and we love the recycling idea too! and don't forget to re-use the box itself also @dmytro and james - we will look into the iphone 6plus issue. our ios dev. actually has a 6 plus as his personal phone, and it works on that one, so it should be fixable. we are on it! @james - we will also look at the nexus 7 and see if we can make a sw fix
received mine friday last. very happy with the end result. ( tip: use the soft white package (sleipnir holder) and cut it in a light v-form so that you are able to insert it in the black bag. that way you don't throw away packaging and it's easy to protect the sleipnir inside the neoprene holder. 3 seconds work and suits like a glove then! ;-)
cool except that it only will work on my iphone 5s. nexus 7 no iphone 6 plus no. it would be better for me if it worked on my iphone 6 plus. if it a hardware issue we are done. great tech though.
updated the app today, now it started to work on my ipad mini! it's cool! :-) but i still can't get it to work on my iphone 6 plus, i've tried reinstalling the app, but even that doesn't help. there is still some problem in the app.
@peter - thanks!! very happy to hear that you like it :-) @pascal - thanks for the input. we'll fix that!
revived my vaavud today and i have only one thing to say ......unbelievable !!!!!!
hi there… :-) your german translation for "wind chill" is "scheinbare" – the correct translation for windchill is "gefühlte" – short for "gefühlte temperatur" which means "feels like" in english.
@manuel - i will ask one of the tech guys to get back to you regarding the different values in your history and on the map. they should of course correspond, so there must be some bug. we do have plans for providing a web version of the maps as well. with regards to your (very relevant questions): 1) hopefully during this summer, but the timeline is still highly uncertain 2) we will look into this  3) we have actually implemented the standard behavior as per google's design guidelines  - but we have also debated internally if this is really the most intuitive, and it seems that a lot of other apps have concluded that it is not, and then chosen to differ from the guidelines. we will consider it once again :-) @boasis - however much we would love our devices to work with sony phones, the hardware configuration in sony phones unfortunately seem to make it impossible. for our full compatibility list please refer to vaavud.com/compatibility @mr. clem - please send an email to hello@vaavud.com, then our android developer will help you out
hello, it's not working on my nexus 4 lollipop 5.0.1. even if i decrease/increase the volume. any ideas ?
how it works on sony phone?
after some testing, three suggestions and a question: the question: it seems that the value that is shared with the community (the value i can see on the map) and the one that i keep in my history is not always the same. is this a bug? might be that the values are shared with the community when after a few seconds of reading instead of when you click to stop the reading? that could explain the difference. suggestions: 1) i think it is not possible to access the community readings from a website instead of the app. it could be really interesting (dunno if this is already planned) 2) deleting readings from the history is a pain! you can only remove one element at a time (at least in android), and as i've been performing quite a lot of tests it takes lots of time to clear the bad readings. i think it would be nice if you enable the multiselection in this tab. 3) when you are in the map or history tabs and you press the "back" button it takes you out of the application. i think that from the ussability point of view it would be nice if this action takes you to the first tab or the previous tab you have clicked. i find myself closing the application lots of times as the app doesn't follow the "standard" behavior in android. hope this is useful! regards!
thanks for clarifying! can i ask you to send an email to hello@vaavud.com? then our android developer will pick it up straight away and help you sort it out
i'm using htc one, android 4.4.3. looking forward to enjoying your great product.
hi there. which phone and os version are you using? if you are using an iphone, try dialing down the volume one notch at a time. that will most likely fix it. otherwise, the app update that will be released in a few days will
just received my sleipnir several hours before. at first it worked, showing values and a wind direction but now it doesn't display anything (just a dash) while 'measurement in progress'.
@philippe - great to hear. and a very interesting use case indeed! @thomas, kevin and francis. glad to hear that you guys made it work, by adjusting the volume a bit. the next ios app update, which we hope we can release this week (depending on when apple completes their review process), will fix these issues
hi vaavud team, received mine a while back and immediately used it as part of my aerial photography and video business. brilliant device and love how it just works. well done.
hi vaavud team, just got mine this afternoon, but unable to make it work in the first place...... until i skim thru comments below and found out it has to decrease couple steps in order to make it work!! and........ it works perfectly now!!! great job team, looking forward to you guys' new innovation! cheers :)
thanks thomas. i was trying to get mine working with my 6+ also and it wasn't unless the wind was very very strong. decreased the volume by 2 steps and it worked. looking forward to the app update
i got my v2 meter this morning. it work fine after decrease my iphone6+  sound volume by 2 steps. thank you.
@luke - thanks a lot for the kind words!!! @roger - i hope the mailman finds his way to you very soon!
can't wait to receive my vaavud... belgium isn't the other end of pluto, but still has the worst posatl service in the universe.
everything is working well - good job on the product. it works exactly as promised. best kickstarter investment so far.
@andrea - thanks a lot for the comments. really great to hear!! @guillaume - about your nexus 4 - pls check the answer to jeroen below, and see if this solves it. if not, then please write us on hello@vaavud.com
i just received it, it works well with an iphone 6 but not with my android nexus 4 (android 5.0.1, vaavud app 0.3.2.3)
received it today. i'm in italy. thanks guys. everything seems to work well (nexus 5) and many compliments for packaging and design. really professional. well done. thanks again.
@robert. some backers (2 for the moment) have reported the same problem. "hopefully" when we checked in the system, the address seems correct. so we think that the guys at the warehouse (we use an external service in uk to ship the orders) have done some mistake and mix-up when they linked the tracking number to the parcel. but we really hope that your parcel will arrive soon (as the address is correct). if you do not get it in few days we are going to send you another unit.
@jeroen sleipnir is using the sound system. the first time you connect sleipnir, the app shows a message saying that maybe the volume is too high and can harm your ears. some people is pressing "cancel" which turns the volume down and producing that the sleipnir won't work. if you press "accept" and you're still not having readings try to set the volume as high as possible and then restart the app. if it doesn't show that message just raise the volume to the highest level. if after that you're still experiencing some problems, please send us an email to hello@vaavud.com with more information about your android version.
it is nice to have tracking of the package. it seems it is on a world trip. as tracking info say's status: it's on its way your item, posted on 16/02/15 with reference lbblockedgb has been passed to the overseas postal service for delivery in australia. it should have gone to the netherlands instead of australia. it seems my mentioning of magic turned to black magic ... well the wind meter has gone places i have never been :) regards
hi,  i received mine today. unfortunately it doesn't work properly on my htc one m7. most of the time i don't get any measurements and if i get meassurements they only show up when i blow really hard at the device. calibration doesn't work properly as wel. tried it several times and only managed to get it calibrated once. hope this is a software flaw and can be fixed easily. with kind regards, jeroen
@martin - cf. the comment to jim below we use shipwire to handle this. the ship from the uk (except to us backers who are fulfilled from a us warehouse), so i would only find it logical that non-eu shipments will be taxable as per the local rules in the destination country. we have not done anything to try to "game" this @pascal - thanks for getting back. the new ios app update should fix all this. thanks for the patience
hi! yes, i tried but to no avail. it works more or less on my 4s, but not on the 5s. i'll wait for the update and check again.
just received mine ... what did you do with the shipping? this is actually the first project i backed i had to pay tax for ... another 25 chf (17£) ... bummer
@pascal - sorry to hear that you are experiencing issues. have you tried dialing down the volume one notch at a time? this will fix the issue in most cases (it must be done each time you launch the app). as you can see in the previous comments, we are aware of this ios issue, and we are submitting an update to the app today or tomorrow - which will then be available to download next week
houston? we have a problem. received mine today. it's not working as expected. using my iphone 5s, there's exactly no reading. mjølnir always worked perfect. using an old iphone 4s, sometimes a reading is shown, sometimes not. both iphones show "sleipnir connected" and only "disconnect" if i remove sleipnir from the headphone jack. volume is cranked up and reset after removing sleipnir. headphone jack is in perfect condition.
@jim - we use a service provider called shipwire. they are very large, and very professional, and have warehouses all over the world. we have just specifed that we wanted all parcels to ship with track&trace, and to the best of my knowledge, they would ship with royal mail, but maybe they have changed the delivery service for the uk. anyway, i hope your parcel arrives safely in spite of this @max - great to hear that you received it. all measurements are automatically, but anonymously uploaded and plotted on our live map (cf. also our user terms). and sorry to hear that you scratched your phone. finally - good point with the font on the carabiner - we have not specified which font they should use, but maybe we should look into that
unfortunately i scratched the back of my (relatively new) iphone 6 plus when trying to insert the sleipnir into the headphone jack for the first time. i missed the headphone jack but kept pushing the sleipnir. the connector on the sleipnir left a notable scratch. be careful with the first installation! also, the font of your domain on the carabiner of the neoprene bag looks cheap. your factory in china probably messed this up.
i received my sleipnir in germany today. how can i disable crowdsourcing my measurements on ios but still keep the history?
bit disappointed to see my vaavud's been shipped with hermes (the worst parcel service this planet's ever had the misfortune to encounter) rather than royal mail as promised ("your rewards will be shipped to our uk based fulfillment provider on february 3rd and sent from there via royal mai") - i only give it 50-50 i'll ever see my vavuuds and i can guarantee they won't arrive in a timeley fashion - the fact that they're offering a 6-day delivery window is a hint that they really aren't to be taken seriiously. still, i'm glad they're shipping, and hope the replacement once hermes have lost these ones won't take too long...
@gary - good to hear that the missus liked the neoprene bag and sticker so much that she felt inclined to snatch them :-) @robert - magic for sure :-) @natanael - great to hear that you got it to work! regarding the "wobbling" then the rotor can indeed stall sometimes, if the wind is relatively stable. all you need to do is to poke it, or tilt the phone 90 degrees down and then back up @paul - sounds strange with the crash - we have not registered any crashes in the last few days. pleas make sure that you have the most recent app update (perhaps try to uninstall and then reinstall). however if the problem persists, then please email hello@vaavud.com, then our android developer will handle it directly @luke - you can indeed delete entries from your history. on iphone swipe left, on android long-press @jodi - we do unfortunately not have a timeline for sony compatibility. we will definitely post on facebook/twitter if/when we get to it, so the best you can do is to connect with us there @o bacak - thanks. great to hear!! with regards to the pressure data, then we download it from an online weather service for now, but we will soon make an update, so that we tap into the onboard sensors on the phone whenever they are available
i have used it last weekend, the app looks great, windspeed&direction, temperature, windchill, gustiness, everything a kitesurfer/windsurfer needs, however the pressure couldn't be measured on both readings although i have another app which measures pressure. will there be another software update for pressure readings? p.s: i've got an iphone6+
just got mine, unfortunately i have a sony phone. is there a way to be put on a list for an update/fix when available.
thanks for the quick response. all i needed to do was set the "settings/privacy/microphone/vaavud" to on, and everything works fine. if you are looking at modifying the app, would it possible to make your history editable to remove test/erroneous measurements? right now i have a lot of those!
just to clarify - on my samsung s3 (stock gt-i9300 android 4.3) i can take normal measurements but the calibration fails.  i have had it fail on normal measurements too but a forced restart fixed it.
fyi, that's on my samsung galaxy s4 active (gt-i9295). slow acceleration followed by slow deceleration. then it works fine. also, one note, sometimes it doesn't start spinning right away by low wind but wobbles instead if you don't "assist it" to get spinning.
got mine today! at first i didn't think it was working, it showed no signs of life, but then i discovered you need to get it up to a low rotation speed and let it slow to a stop. then it works as expected.  made some measurements in the app, are they uploaded automatically?
@vaavud, it must be magic ... shortly after the posting i received a email with tracking info :)  great... thanks :)
@robert it's being shipped from a shipwire warehouse in the uk this week. when it's shipped you will receive a mail with a tracking code.
hi vaavud team, i'm not sure but i'm still waiting for my package. are the wind meters for the pioneer(s) already shipped? i had had some trouble with local postal delivery before so want to know if package is shipped. regards
oh jesus - ignore that. the missus had taken them out for a gander already!
hi vaavud team - i was a pioneer package backer who accepted an offer for a second meter. good news is both meters arrived but the rest of the pioneer package seems to be missing - no neoprene carry bag, no stickers etc. can you let me know what happened? many thanks. t
@simon, @craig, @luke thanks for reporting. we are currently working on a release which will auto adjust the volume to the most optimal setting which we believe will fix most of the issues you are experiencing.  in case it's not incorrect volume setting please make sure that "settings/music/volume limit" is off and "settings/privacy/microphone/vaavud" is on we are working on a audio fix, and also some in app notification if the above settings need to be changed. please be patient until the patch will be released. @paul. so if i understand you correct you have never been able to get a single measurement? are you running stock samsung software? and which version?
@julian - please fill in your shipping details here: https://podio.com/webforms/4463104/350007 we have sent several reminders about the backer survey - both in updates here on ks, and in individual emails to each and every single one of the ~200 backers who we missed a response from. that includes you. and the above link has been posted several times in comments and udates as well. so i honestly do not think that we have let you down @everyone else. the tech guys will get back to you during today (cet) to help you sort the issues out
hi guys, love the look of the wind meter, i think the grey really suits it. packaging was excellent, received by royal mail on saturday in the uk. however i'm also having problems with getting any reading with my iphone 5. it detects that it is plugged in, but that's about it unfortunately. looking forward to getting a software patch. simon
it's february 15 and i haven't even received the survey. this really is a let down so far.
i have an iphone 4s (somewhat lagging in technology) and the result is the same as for craig who just commented. the phone recognizes the sleipnir but i have failed to obtain any readings whatsoever. i have tried lowering the volume, restarting the application and even rebooting the phone and nothing seems to work.
just tried it on an old iphone 4s i have lying around. also no luck there. it recognises sleipnir when it is plugged in/unplugged, but no readings ever show.
just tried my sleipnir for the first time. iphone 6, most recent app from the app store. i am seeing no readings most of the time. we are having 5 mph winds with gusts to 6 at the moment, and the sleipnir is spinning. tried unplugging/replugging in the sleipnir, adjusting volume step by step up and down, to no avail. deleted and reinstalled app, even shut down and rebooted the phone. i have sporadically seen readings, but only when i have blown on the device and then i get 20 mph+ readings.
my sleipnir has just arrived (uk)!  nice presentation and seems to spin very smoothly.   i'm running 0.3.2.3 on my s3 and am also experiencing calibration issues.  i blow on the meter but the progress never moves from 0%.  the unit appears to operate in normal measurement mode but i have had it fail on that too, but forcing a stop on the app and restarting it fixed it.
is anyone else in the us finding their shipment is delayed?  my tracking number claims the estimated day of delivery is the 9th, 4 days ago.
yes it does produce reading if i vote on it. it really does take a bit for it to turn. maybe at least 3mph wind. sometimes i have to give it a little soon in order for it to start turning
great work guys! just got an shipping confirmation email with a royal mail tracking id. :d looking forward to the delivery next week! woop woop.. cheers
@froger - pls see the comment to erik's question below @ryan - thanks a lot for confirming this!!
@vaavud sleipnir works great on s5 in canada. nice packaging. thanks for keeping us informed on the app updates. well done guys.
hi, is there a way to track shipment please?  hope it's on way.
@me - thanks for clarifying. does it produce a reading if you just blow on the device? @arnoud - thanks for confirming the lg g2 @arnoud & paul - sounds like there is some bug in the calibration functionality - we are investigating this. the latest update fortunately seems to have solved the "general" crash problem, that people experienced while taking a measurement, however, there is still something going on with the calibration. we are on it - sorry for the inconvenience in the mean time. you can just hit skip - which is of course annoying to do every time, but we will fix this in the next release (probably on monday), so you are just prompted once, and then you can always launch it manually from settings if you want to @paul - the accuracy is pretty good even without the calibration - especially for the wind speed. the calibration mainly affects the accuracy of the wind direction @erik - the non-us (and non-premium backer) orders should start to ship from the uk warehouse today. since it is a third party service we are using, we do not have control of this, but we will check the exact status and post a comment later today. you will receive an email with a tracking number as soon as your parcel ships
i have a galaxy s5 (sprint) running android 4.4.4.  the calibration process crashes the app almost immediately every time i try it.  i went through the uninstall, reboot, re-install and the problem still occurs.  i am using version 0.3.2.2 of the software. actually taking a measurement seems to work, but i question the accuracy if i can't get through the calibration process!
hi, i have not yet received mine.  any way to check tracking?
@vaavud oops sorry about that. i am on an iphone 6+ with ios 8.1.3. i downloaded the newest app update which was yesterday. true probably was very marginal conditions, i just felt the breeze but the devices wasn't picking it up but thats minor. when you say device stops, you means after i click on stop?
thanks to the new update it works on lg g2 :)  but i can't get calibration work for the moment (got a force close on android, crash report sent). thanks.
@me - sorry to hear that you are experiencing problems. which phone are you using? we can not pinpoint the issue if we do not know which device you are using :-) also please note that the wind range of the device is 1 m/s (~2 mph) to 40 m/s, and it sounds like you are trying out the device in very marginal conditions - is that correct? that said - the display should go to zero when the device stops, but there could very well be a small bug - we will look into that.
gotta say really disappointed so far. what is the minimum mph before it registers anything in the app? i know i feel a very slight breeze but the thing doesn't move. i spin it a little to get it going and as it slows down, the reading stops at 1.8mph and doesn't go to zero even if the thing is not turning. why? even with the app update, i have to adjust the headphone volume in order to get it registered. and when i unplug the wind meter, my volume remains at the very max. why doesn't it reset it back to what i had it before i plugged in the wind meter? is the app still not really polished and tested?
@ronny - your reward will ship with royal mail from the uk (only premium backer rewards were sent with ups). the bulk shipment has reached the uk warehouse, so the order processing should start in a day or two, and then you will receive a tracking number by email
how do i check if the meter has been send to me? iam still waiting in the netherlands and haven't seen ups around :(
hi' all, please see the update we have just posted: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/vaavud/vaavud-wind-meter-v-20/posts/1130219 it should address all the issues mentioned below @superstuper - thanks! great to hear that everything works on your device! @alan - you will receive a tracking number as soon as your parcel leaves the shipping warehouse //team vaavud
since update, it does not work at all :( tested on : galaxy s1 with cyanogen (worked with the "old" android app), acer liquid e2,  lg g2 d802.
is there any way to get a tracking number for my meters? i should have thought they would be here in nz by now if they were arriving in capetown over three days ago?
so at this point iphone 6, sleipnir detected but no reading in the app is as expected until software update? because that what i have.
hi. after the today app update, the sleipnirs works fine on my oppo find 7. well done guys!
hi guys, just a quick comment now - more to follow later. every single device is tested at the end of the assembly line. each device is plugged into an iphone that is mounted in front of a fan and runs a test app, and only if every step of the test produces an "ok", the device is packed and shipped. i.e. the electronics are definitely functioning. so what you are experiencing is a software issues, and here is why: android users: an android app with support for sleipnir has not been released yet. - it will be released during today. we will let you know as soon as it is available ios users: sleipnir support has been in the app for a while, but we have done a lot of updates to the app, and sent a new one for review by apple last week. it typically takes 6-8 days for it to go through, so we should be able to release it during this week, and this release should solve the issues you are experiencing. we will let you know as soon as it is available our apologies for this confusion. things have been pretty hectic here on our side, because some of us have been at the ispo tradeshow, which just ended last night, while others were back in copenhagen working on finalizing the apps. so last week we were not super coordinated, and that is why, and updated was not sent out to notify you of the software delays. but we are on it!! //team vaavud
tried both my sleipnirs that arrived today. neither produces a reading on iphone 6+ or galaxy s4. one brief reading from one but nothing since. not looking good so far.
same here. iphone 6+ the app says it detected the device but when start it there is no reading. what's going on?
received my meter today and tried it on ipad mini retina. it asked to use the microphone and the timeline progresses but it never shows any wind speed
@vaavud: just tested on my wife's ipad and although it ask for permission to use the microphone, it gets no reading from the sensor and just shows a constant flat line. and on my s4, i noticed that it doesn't have or ask for permission to use the microphone/record sound -- does that mean that the android version 0.2.5 isn't yet supporting the sleipnir? on the s4, it sometimes (when i move the phone around briskly) gives a short but erratic reading for less than one second, which i guess could be the magnetic sensor that picks up variations due to movement of the phone, assuming i have the mjolnir device then if it gets no readings from the device? or is my sleipnir maybe broken/doa? do i need to capture a log cat on the s4? is there any way i can measure/check the sleipnir device with a 'scope or in some other ways? or should i come by the cph offices again to see what's going on? :-)
@vaavud: from reading the recent comments here, it looks like @arnaud has been able to get his sleipnir running on a samsung s1. does that mean that the previous app version (0.2.5) also supports sleipnir, or has a new app been rolled out to some already on android for some users? i cannot get any signal on my samsung s4 (currently running cyanogenmod m12), using vaavud v 0.2.5 from google play, and i hope it's just a question of an app update that i have not received yet... when trying to take a wind reading, it tells me when the phone is not held calmly upright, but otherwise just reports "no signal".
the list of compatible phones seems short. will other and older phones be added later or only new to market phones? my older htc one s dosn't work, my wifes galaxy s4 mini either :-( /michael
thanks, just made a more long test with a fan. have you got it ?
@arnaud - thanks for the feedback!! sorry to hear that it does not work with your lg phone. great if you could try a few more times - and make sure to have an internet connection while you do, because then we can analyze the signal, and see if it's something we can fix in the software
seems to work great. not with my lg g2 which does not get signal but ok with my old samsung s1 :)
i don't know i will test it in few hours because i'm not at home :)
@arnaud - sorry about the mistake. we will look into it and get it sorted out next week. but how do you like the one you actually did receive?? :-)
hello, just received one vaavud via ups but i chose "two vaavud" reward (premium backer) in the survey :'(
@asakky - and all other us backers: happy to inform you that the warehouse has already shipped all of your rewards, so they are on their way to you via usps. so yes, you will definitely have it before feb 28!! :-)
for shipments to us backers (i am an early adopter, if it makes a difference): will these all be shipped in time to arrive before february 28, 2015? because if not, my shipping address will no longer work after february 28 and i have to give you a new shipping address now.
@manuel - we are indeed planning to release an sdk for developers. the code for sleipnir has been written in such a way that it can be "packaged" as such. there are a lot of competing priorities right now, so it will not be tomorrow that we release it, but we hope to get it out within the next few months
hello vaavuds! i'm progressing on my idea of having my own custom android weather station. and vaavud is part of the whole idea! would it be an option for you to release an api that anybody could use to access your device and extende the functionality? i think it would be a great idea, and i'm sure a community of developers might join you!
@simon - please check the update we just sent out. but yes - the shipping wheels are finally in motion :-)
hi guys, are we still on target for delivery?
hi all, terribly sorry, about the slow reply! between getting all the final things ironed out for production, moving into a new office, getting a new ios developer on board, and the christmas/new year break we were falling behind with a few things. our apologies! @sgllama - the marketing questions are extremely helpful for us in order to understand what you guys are planning to use your wind meters for, and what you think of our product. we assumed that people would not mind answering those few questions - and so far it seems that this assumption has been correct for the vast majority. sorry to hear that this has bothered you!! as for your submission, then it does not seem to appear in the system (and yes, we agree that the system does not seem very robust then) but generally the systems seems to be working fine, and we have received more than 600 answers so far. you can however fill in the webform in the below link instead. the form only asks for shipping info. and anyone else who would prefer not to answer the general questions can also use this link. https://podio.com/webforms/4463104/350007 @peter and gary - and everyone else who has already sent a not to hello@vaavud.com to let us know you have not received the surveys - we will go through the mailbox during the next few days and make sure to resend the survey to you @dagur and clemens - we will post an update and some pictures in the coming week, when we receive the final "=-series" samples from our manufacturer @asakky - you will receive an email with a tracking number one your parcel ships, and for us shipments we ship from a us based warehouse. i.e. we ship in bulk to that warehouse, and thus take care of custom clearance
just completed the survey - well, all the bits that i was prepared to, given that this is supposed to be a shipping survey, not an opportunity for crudely performed random marketing twaddle.  thankfully, despite the fact that every question had an asterisk next to it (you know, the one that is normally used to indicate that the question has to be answered before you can proceed to the next page) the web page was quite happy to let me press "next" without making selections until the final page, where the actual shipping details were asked for.  of course, being allowed to skip these oh-so-important questions then raises the concern as to whether that survey website is even working: did it actually capture the important data? any competent shipping form provides a way for us to confirm that the info had been correctly received. you know, like the way that you can re-read your responses to a survey sent using the normal ks system or just by sending an automated confirmation email.  bad form, vaavud, bad form.
looking forward to an update! cheers!
hi  have not received survey yet . hope you all had a great christmas and new years.
hi there - have still yet to receive the survey - can you please send on to me to complete thanks.
how many times do i need to email to get a response?i was asking for you to send another survey email. i didn't get the original one
some questions on the upcoming shipping procedure: 1. will there be automatic e-mail notification with tracking number when the rewards ship? 2. for us backers, will you be shipping in bulk to a distribution point in the us, so that the individual shipments would be coming from within the us? or will you ship directly to us backers from outside the us, which would make the individual shipments subject to possible us customs duties and import taxes (depending on the value that you declare) ?
any news, updates, sighn of live :p?
hi guys, sorry about the slow response!! have not really checked in here for a few days @geoff - this is not an issue we have observed. the jackstick is held in place by a small spring in the phone, which "clicks" into the groove circumscribing the tip of the jack-stick @mike - thanks for the input. we could think about adding some alignment feature @jean-stefane - yes, we have indeed considered this, and that will be included in an app update a bit down the line
@creator - have you considered using the barometric sensor in the new iphone 6? it would be a nice complement to wind data.
@geoff - i don't get it. how is it possible to be shorter? isn't it a standard? doesn't apple buy it from a supplier that sells to others also?
small suggestion for a future software update. how about providing a 'bullseye' target in the measure window that lets you ensure true vertical positioning of the device. should be easy to slave from a gyro feed.
i've found the iphone6 has a shorter earphone socket. will wind meter be secure in an iphone6? my nice headphones keep popping out when i'm jogging. i wouldn't want my wind meter to be blown away in a storm.
@doru - yes, it is a pity. but that's the thing with doing research & development - sometimes you don't get the exact results you were hoping for, and this is one of those times. we will get to a red (and probably also other colors) one eventually, but right now we have chosen not to spend more time on it, because we have plenty of other things that we need to nail before we can start the production of the first batch. @pascal - thanks for your help with clarifying
@doru the previous (v1) built a magnetic field while rotating. the frequency of this field was then detected by the "compass" in the phone and further processed by the vaavud app. there was not one single bit of electronics involved (in the wind meter itself) – the new v2 offers (hopefully) much higher accuracy and higher max. wind speeds than v1.
@creator - it such a pity not to have red! i guess the previous wind meter measured the wind in another way. did you try bordeaux or to cover the wind meter in a thin layer of red?
hi there. please send your question to hello@vaavud.com with a bit more info (screenshots, and a more detailed description). it is not an issue we have experienced before
can you test the meter on htc one in higher wind speed? i'm worried that it only works in low wind speed. (the value won't increase even when wind strengthens)
@doru - thanks for your message. there should be no technical reason why it should not work with those, but we will just need to get our hands on one so we can finally verify it
@creator - will it work with iphone 6 and 6 plus?
hi alasdair, we do in fact intend to expand the list, but for the launch we will just support the phones on the list on the front page. the xperia phones in particular are unfortunately causing troubles, because of the signal that the sony hardware allows us to pass through the headset jack. so the launch version will not work with xperia phones. we might be able to solve this by changing the electronics in the device (not 100% sure yet), but this will of course just apply to future production batches
apologies if you've already answered this, but are you planning on expanding the list of compatible phones? i unfortunately backed the project without noticing the compatibility list ans as both my phones are xperias, i'm not very confident that the meter will work. totally my fault for jumping in and backing without fully reading the project details, i'm just living in the hope that work on adding new phones to the list may happen at some point and that xperias might work. if not then i'll just have to ask santa for an iphone!
@ ira - you have to be aware that real values you will get only on land. when you will sail you measure the apparent wind. for real wind speed and direction while sailing it is better to use the boat instrument.
@ira. thanks a lot for backing us and for the suggestions. our longer term road map already contain some of the features you mention - but please be aware, that your request list is quite massive, so don't expect to see all of it materialize. for now we are 100% focused on delivering the vaavud 2.0 with the features we have promised, and in great quality. once we have done that, we can start to work on the next set of features
here is an idea: 1) i would like the app to allow for user definable wind speed/wind direction, gps, and time recording intervals to be recorded to the user's device. no storage limitations on that data history and a way to port that to pc/mac and upload through a browser interface.  2) i would like to be able to search for wind speeds/ wind directions, traveled locations (based on gps), and time history in a search feature of the application. i would like a visual trend representation over time such as a stock chart that highlights min and max, along with historical trends as a comparative feature for each of those obtainable data measurements.  3) incorporate the ability to compare current readings with meteorologically predicted measurements for that time and region. -i intend to use this instrument for sailing. i hope to gain a true intuitive measure for wind conditions utilizing this wind meter as my guide. i also hope to be able to track sailing passages with gps, wind speed/ wind direction data along with time. i feel this type of data history would prove valuable for record keeping of off shore locations through an upload service, in addition to providing users a better method of interpreting and translating experiences into measurable and workable data. it would also be fun to search the worlds current data through extremes in values. the icing on the cake would allow for ios's satellite map imagery to be associated with each recorded data point (gps, wind speed/ wind direction, time). thanks -ira
@asakky - the rotation speed of the blades will increase linearly with windspeed, but when the sensor sample rate is exceeded, the reading will not be accurate - and the app/device will not be able to tell when the limit has been exceeded. imagine if the sensor could only sample 2 times per second, and there was only one tooth on the encoder, and the tooth is 180 degrees, then the signal will be the same whether the rotor spins 2 or 4 times per second (i.e. the sensor light beam will be broken by the tooth every time it is "swithched on"). this above example simplifies things quite a bit, but it illustrates the point. there are no mechanical brakes or anything like that in the device one more thing to take into consideration is the wear and tear on the mechanical parts, because this increases exponentially with wind speed maybe one last thing worth underlining is: our intention with this device is not to make something that you can use to track hurricanes or typhoons - it is to make a device that can give you readings of windspeed and wind direction with great accuracy in "normal" wind ranges
thanks. what will the behavior be when subjected to increasing wind speed higher than the ~40 m/s measurable maximum? will some braking/limiting mechanism kick in? or will the turbine speed continue to increase linearly with wind speed, but the reading will just be inaccurate or a warning? will there come a point when the turbine or bearings will be damaged?
@peter - we will order an otter box preserver case and try it out when we get our first production samples. it does sound like the "door" could be an issue though, because our device will have a clip, that must rest against the back of the phone/case in order to ensure proper alignment of the device relative to the phone. if the "door" is hinged along the back of the case, then it will be in the way. great if you could send a few pictures of the door to hello@vaavud.com, because i could not find any pics of that specific feature on the otterbox website. thanks
@asakky - the maximun speed is limited by the capability of the sensor we use (which samples at 40 khz), the number and width of the "teeth" on the encoder we use (each tooth interrupts the light beam the sensor shoots across), and the rotation speed of the rotor. based on these we have calculated the maximum to be around 40 m/s. this maximum should be more than enough for the vast majority of "normal" use cases (@john - thanks for chipping in also)
hi there, otter box case is the preserver http://m.otterbox.com/preserver-series-for-iphone-5s/apl20-iphone-5s,default,pd.html the phone jack is behind a hodges door- not a great design feature if the case- so access to the ports is very very limited- also if the doors are open the case is no longer waterproof, hence some way to attach other then headphone wicket would be awesome!
just for comparison: 40m/s = 144 kph = 89.5 mph.  the first version of the meter was limited to 20m/s.
with typhoons commonly exceeding 200 kph nowadays, i hope that the meter will be able to measure well over 40 m/sec. from the wind tunnel testing, will be interested to know the behavior/criteria that will be used to characterize the max speed, e.g., curve of accuracy vs. speed (which would define a soft maximum), and the speed at which the meter is destroyed (which would presumably define the hard maximum).
@michael - i am sorry if we have missed you. we sent direct messages to everyone, but maybe you choose the pledge after someone changed theirs, because then it would temporarily show up as available (unfortunately kickstarter does not have a setting to close a pledge level for good, we can just limit the total number available). but i will send you a direct message with further info @peter - thanks. great to hear!! v 2.0 has been designed to work with a lifeproof case, because that is the one we found to be most popular among watersports people. we have not tested it with the waterproof otterbox case, so i can not comment on that one. which model is it? (if you have a link it would be great). then we can try to take a look at it
hi there, love my original vaavud and look forward to receiving my v2.0, only question is i use an otterbox full waterproof phone case and like all big chunky cases the headphone jack has limited access, i currently just hold my vaavud just above the phone and it works fine but will this approach work with v2??   any alternate suggestions for such cases welcome- it does give piece of mind holding ones phone up on wet and sandy beaches knowing it's protected from the elements whilst measuring them! keep up the great work!
i have the premium, but have not received any info about the alternative to the ceramic bearing?
@dmytro - thanks a lot!! spirits are high at the vaavud hq :-)
congratulations!!! :-)
@daniel - sorry to see you go. are you sure?? you still have 2 hours to change your mind :-)
hi, i am releasing one of my pioneer pledge, so, anyone lucky, you can switch your pledge to the pioneer pledge and be one of the 250 early bird.
ok, thanks, understood. just put in the conditional in the code for the simpler case in which the phone's position is not needed/used to compute wind direction, and let me know the undocumented way to set the condition true. so that we do not have to point the indoor phone to north to get a correct direction reading. i promise not to tell anyone.
i am backing the pioneer pledge. can i purchase two additional wind meters bring the total pledge to 3 wind meters for £60 + £10 (international shipping)? thank you.
@asakky - yes, the app of course handles poor/missing signal appropriately, and you are right - we are not responsible for which cable people choose to mount. however, you would be surprised how many users do not think in that way, and then blame us for any irregularity they might experience - even irregularity that is clearly their own fault to give you an example: we have a full compatibility list on our website with android devices that we can positively confirm our version 1 device to work with, and with devices we have tested and found not to work. and in all of our marketing material etc., we just communicate compatibility with a couple of major devices, and then refer to vaavud.com/compatibility for further info. but we still get plenty of 1-star reviews of our app from people who says the app/device does not work - even though they have a phone that is on our negative list so my point is, that if we are going to say, that we have support for remote mounting the device with an extension cord, then we wanna do it properly, and do some tests etc. so that we are aware of any issues there might be. and we want to give people proper instructions for how to set it up etc. and these things take time, and right now we have our hands pretty full with just getting the basic product ready to ship in general we do not do things half-way, which we hope you will appreciate when you get your hands on the device some time in november :-)
that should read, "correct me if wrong, in the current state of the device and software, there is nothing..."
thanks. does this mean that the existing software does not already have a test for signal strength/quality, and is the software not already able to behave gracefully/robustly (such as by displaying a warning instead of displaying wrong or misleading readings) when the signal is insufficient? if the existing software is already able to detect and gracefully handle poor signals, then it seems to me that there is nothing more you have to do, or try to be responsible for. if we use bad extension cables or too long extension cables, that is our problem, not yours. all the software has to do is say "poor or no signal" or something like that, and we will just shorten our cables or use better cables until the software is happy. does the software not already behave this way? so it is not clear to me, at least for an initial/experimental implementation, why you would have to be in the business of testing cable lengths and types, since you would not or should not be supplying extension cables, or be the sole supplier of cables. i do recognize that it is appropriate for vaavud to be investigating cables in order to make recommendations on cable length or type. but initially, you can just let the user be the one to worry this and let the user be responsible for adjusting cable length and type to satisfy the software. correct me if wrong, in the current state of the device and software, but there is nothing to prevent us from mounting the sensor outdoors pointing north, using an extension cable, and orienting the smartphone indoors to point north so as to get a correct absolute reading on direction, right? if so, then implementing the "fixed orientation" mode would save us the trouble and restriction of having to point the indoors smartphone north. we would be able to get a correct reading regardless of the orientation of the indoor smartphone.
i am backing the pioneer pledge.  can i purchase two additional wind meters bring the total pledge to 3 wind meters for £60 + £10 (international shipping)? thank you.
@asakky - the remote mount option is something that we want to add at some point, but given that we will not hit the stretch target (unless we see an absolutely crazy sprint here on the last day :-) ), then it will not be an immediate priority there is a bit more to it than "just" adding an option in the software, because we will need to test cable lengths and types (cheap, standard cable might have too much signal loss) and durability etc. so that is why we can not just go ahead and do it but rest assured that it is on our list - but right now we can just not put a time estimate on it
would just like to repeat my previous plea to consider a software mode wherein the phone's orientation is not queried but instead the wind meter is simply assumed to have been installed at a fixed orientation (e.g., pointing towards magnetic or true north). this would allow us to permanently mount the meter outdoors (e.g., roof) with an extension cable to the phone indoors. i am aware that this is the 50k stretch goal, but if this goal is not met, can you at least implement the "fixed orientation" software mode part of this, never mind the data or hackable part. it's ok if the reading is just displayed on the screen and the data is not accessible or outputted or transferrable. as long as we can mount the meter outdoors and run an extension cable and view the reading on the smartphone, that will be good enough. is there any reason that implementing this "fixed orientation" mode would be difficult? it seems to me, correct me if i am wrong, that it is actually simpler than the default mode. in the default mode, wherein the meter is mounted on the phone, you have to query the phone for its angular orientation relative to north, and then add the direction reading of the meter (which is relative to its own zero-angle origin) to the phone's orientation to arrive at the absolute direction relative to north. whereas, in "fixed orientation" mode, you would not have to query the phone for its orientation. the meter's direction reading would already be the absolute direction, assuming the meter is installed pointing to north. is the "fixed orientation" mode not a simpler implementation and therefore trivial to add, or am i missing some complication?
@asakky - the accuracy of the speed reading is expected to be +/- 4% or better and the accuracy of the direction reading is expected to he +/- 11 degrees or better (initial test results made in our own wind tunnel are very promising, but we can of only determine the final specs when we can run some production samples through a real, calibrated wind tunnel) the device must be aligned correctly with the phone, but the clip on the device is designed to do just that (both with and without a case)
what is the accuracy of the speed reading expected or estimated to be? what is the accuracy of the direction reading expected or estimated to be? would the accuracy of the direction reading depend in part on the accuracy with which the meter's angular position can be aligned relative to the phone's reference plane?
@james - thanks a lot for backing us! the target wind range is 1-40 m/s. we will confirm it as soon as we have some production samples that we can take to a wind tunnel
@jean-yves –there is nothing we would have loved more than to actually make the original premium version with the ceramic bearings. we were very excited when we came across those completely white miniature bearings, with durability like nothing else. however, as we have tried to explain in the update (and as it generally is with kickstarter projects), then things can change during a development process. anyone who has been involved in developing hardware knows this only too well. our primary objective is to make an awesome standard product, and that is why we have chosen the solution we have. we of course understand that you are disappointed, but please remember that you are backing a project – you are not buying an already existing product. as for the alternatives, then we have in fact spent quite a bit of time and effort on discussing them. two (of the many) alternatives we considered were: •	carbon fiber version.  where the parts are molded in carbon reinforced plastic.  •	individual calibration, i.e. where each premium wind meter would be individually calibrated and certified however, they proved not to be feasible for various technical reasons that i will not bore you with here. the point is just, that we have in fact spent more effort on this than the proverbial 5 minutes at the water cooler. with regards to the offer to existing backers to get an extra wind meter at the pioneer price, then this is something we have seen other projects do in the final stages, and we thought that it would be a good idea. the fact that it happens more or less at the same time as we communicate that the ceramic-option will not be available, is again due to the nature of things; we are running a project, where things evolve as we go along – we are not following some playbook that is carved in stone. hope this clarifies things. thanks a lot for staying on board as a backer!
amazing. backed and waiting patiently :p i hope the max goes beyond 40 m/s. good luck with the wind tunnel test!
@ned - thanks! @jonathan - it will go on the ballot, and then the votes will decide :-)
how about a kickstarter green option?
i must say that i am not happy about the premium development.  1. originally the premium version corresponded to supposed superior mechanical quality of the device.  as an outcome of revised design, the ceramic edition disappears.  fine, designs change, i understand that.  but the alternative premium version you propose in replacement is just fanboy stuff: a t-shirt, and bragging rights for 2 weeks to be the first on the block with the new toy.  this is not at all comparable in kind to what the premium version was suppose to bring.  you also propose to just increase the pledge by £3 to get two devices instead, which i opted for. 2. then 3 days later you come up with this new "add £20" and get an extra device. can you actually think it through, maybe spend an hour talking about the different offerings and that ridiculous revised "premium" package, instead of coming up with these changing offerings that seem to result from 5-minute talks around the water cooler?
this seems like a great idea which is innovative and very useful. glad to see you got a lot more than your goal, and hope this does well!
please note that the "ceramic edition" will not be available afterall. see update #7 for further details. all backers who had chosen that option have been notified directly. as some of these backers change their pledge and choose another reward, the "ceramic edition" might appear as available (i.e. as not "sold out"), but please do not chose this option anyway
@jennifer - thanks a lot for your message, and for backing our project! great to heat that vaavud will be useful to pilots also!
as a pilot and owner of a cessna 172 single engine plane i will use this gadget every time i fly. many of the airports i fly to are often without any weather information other than the standard wind sock. direction is just as important as speed to pilots as it is how we pick a runway and calculate the crosswind component. i wish you also had some representation in the flying section of kickstarter. excited and waiting anxiously!!! -pilotjen, san francisco
@bitemyapple - you are welcome!
thanks for the facebook group http://on.fb.me/1rmiq4d plug ps... did anyone see the new iphone 5s commercial? congratulation guys for the v 1.0 spot.
@john - you are right, it says so on the website. but that can basically still be done in (at least) two different ways - either with a hall effect sensor, or with a magnetometer (like for our version 1) and thanks for cheering us on! :-)
their website shows that they use magnetic transmission for wind speed. the use of the phones magnetic sensor first attracted me to your first project (no pun intended). the use of an encoder and my experience with your first project got my backing for your second design. looking at the app store, it looks like the windoo released in may of this year. i wonder where they got the idea to use a magnetic field. keep up the good work!
@geoff. thanks a lot! so great to hear that you like our first device, and that you are on board for version 2 as well!!
i have your first version..in fact i have 2. one for my sailing boat and the other when i am on my rib. i lent one of them to the race officer for the recent solo nationals and he thought it was great. i have backed this new version and i am really looking forward to getting them. i have looked at the windoo but i found there site to be a bit clanky. carry on the great work. geoff.
@john - you are right. we use an encoder, which gives us an extremely good signal resolution, and allows us to run the complex analysis needed to determine the wind direction based on the angular velocity of the rotor at multiple points during each rotation. we do not know which technology windoo uses, but a guess would be that they use a hall effect sensor, which is basically a magnetic sensor that gives a signal once the rotor has gone through one full rotation. if this is the case then the signal resolution is much lower than with an encoder
@pala - no, the windoo models do not measure wind direction. they tell you which direction you are pointing in :-) sorry to see you leave as a backer, but it if of course fair enough if you prefer another device instead one other major difference between vaavud and windoo is, that at vaavud we develop all software in-house, and we are completely obsessive about design and usability. the windoo ios app does not even follow the ios 7 guidelines (and these have been available to developers since june 2013). we will keep developing new features, and keep making sure that our app is on par with the latest guidelines, and tap into all of the newest features available on both ios and android as for our previous comments about the other sensors, then yes, we will of course investigate the opportunities, as we have previously written - one of those opportunities being to tap into the on board sensors in the phone, another one being a device with more sensors. but for now we are 100% focused on building a great wind meter!
@pala, although the windoo does look interesting, i'm pretty sure that the vaavud wind meter v 2.0 uses an encoder, while the windoo uses magnetic fields similar to the first version..  i am expecting that the use of an encoder will result in more accurate wind speed readings and will expand the range of wind speeds that can be measured.
actually, all the windoo models measure wind direction, the basic device measures that along with wind speed, temperature and wind chill while being a fraction of your units size. 'sensors' (heh, technically your unit would be a sensor per-say) on phones haven't stopped others from asking for these additional features on your device and your own prior comments have replied to these requests with anything from 'our device push the limits of complexity with the existing feature set' to 'we will certainly investigate the possibility' in future iterations. the large ios base with ipod touches, iphones and ipads do not include such sensors. additionally, as you must be aware, the accuracy of sensors in smartphones is barely at basic 'informational' levels. but obviously, there are cost differences, the windoo devices are made in switzerland with a higher cost manufacturing base and the chf to usd currency conversion along with the miniaturisation and additional functionality of their devices generally makes it an unfair comparison. which is why i suggested it as an alternative to vaavuds premium level devices, from a company that already makes devices for the professional market, which is also available for purchase now. i'll leave the visual aesthetics judgement alone, but for a portable device, the vaavud unit is huge, thus i mentioned it for those willing to pay a premium for ruggedness, small size and additional features. despite that, i'm sure your unit will continue it's popularity once in full production, as low-cost 'sensors' simply fly off the virtual shelves. carry on!
@pala - "fancier" depends a lot on your definition of that term.... the windoo devices might be small, but they are not exactly pretty. furthermore, the sensors they have (thermometer or thermometer + barometer) are sensors that are available in more and more phones and bluetooth dongles, so they are somewhat redundant. and finally, they don't measure wind direction - they merely tell you in which direction you are pointing
@john - we are in fact looking into this
for those considering the premium offering, i would suggest one of the 3, more fancier, swiss made offerings at: www.windoo.ch while the skywatch windoo versions 1 to 3, are costlier than this kickstarter project, they are certainly much more compact and robust. considering they offer up to a "complete weather station with wind speed, wind direction, temperature, humidity and pressure" at the same relative size as a thermodo temperature attachment. though, i'm still presently a backer at the premium level for this project.
would it be possible for the app to be made with an option so that the phone can be parallel to the wind, rather than perpendicular? it is easier to hold the phone in that position.
@doru - thanks a lot for backings us! the new device measures wind direction (as opposed to telling you what direction you are pointing in, which is what all other hand held wind meters do) the original intention of the version 1 device was that it should be able to indicate wind direction by pointing as well. and that is the reason why you will see that in some of the material from our first campaign. but we dropped that functionality, because we could not get a level of precision that we were happy with so the first device measures wind speed only, where version 2 measures both speed and direction. and regarding the design, then we think that version 2 will be quite distinctive as well. we are planning to post an update tomorrow, with 3d renderings of the final device. these will show the device with all the final details, and we are pretty sure that you will find it to be pretty good looking as well :-)
@eric - we took a brief look at the device you suggest, and something like that could potentially be an option if it has both audio in and out. we basically send a high-frequency analogue signal out through the speaker port and then get the signal back through the microphone port. so we would need to test a few such devices and look a bit at what specs the devices must have for them to work
hi, nice product. i have just discovered it thanks to the new apple ad. i have pledge for a wind meter immediately. but i have a question (maybe trivial) after studying the last ks campaign and this one: what is the difference between the first product and this new one? i red in last year ks campaign that the first one does also measure wind direction. is it only design? or are new functions? the first product design is more iconic imo.
@don: we wish it was that simple :-) our technology challenges some phone right to the edge of their abilities, and some phones are simply not good enough (e.g. some components might be too cheap and/or configured in a way that causes loss and/or noise at the high frequencies where we operate), and other phones might interpret the signal from our device like a long-press etc. android is a jungle, and there is no such thing as a "standard" way, due to the almost endless permutations of hw components, drivers, firmware version and os version. that is why we only put a device on our positive list, after we have had a chance to test it. there is no need for concern in this regard - the list of confirmed devices is on the front page of our campaign -:)
what's the max freq requirement for the analog data? you can get very inexpensive high-quality booster amplifiers intended for the headphone hifi community that are flat from dc to 25khz, and either battery powered or ac... for example, see the 'fiio e6' for about $20 when sold commercially, i'm sure there are much cheaper equivalents on alibaba if ordered in volume.
@vaavud:  it would seem to me that any phone that behaves properly with respect to the android audio api's for headphone and mic should be compatible.  is that naive? gotta admit that it concerns me that whether it works or not is device dependent to any degree greater than that of a wired headset.  how will one know in advance?
@don - thanks for clarifying. regarding the specific samsung phone, then we would have to test that model to confirm if it works. android devices come with all sorts of hardware specs, firmware versions and sensor drivers, and (unfortunately) there is no systematic way of telling which ones have the right specs. @earl and don - regarding the distance, then it is also something that requires a bit of testing, and we have not had much time to focus on this yet, because we are still busy with finalizing the device it self. what we have observed is, that a very cheap cable might have too much signal loss to work properly. so for very long distances a high quality cable, or even a shielded cable (e.g. a coaxial cable like the ones used for tv antennas) might be needed. but we will get back with more details on this once we have had a chance to do some more testing @earl - thanks for staying put! :-)
just wondering, if you reach your 50k stretch goal what is the distance a "standard jack-stick extender cable" will reach? thinking of putting it up on a 17meter photography mast. i will not be canceling if the stretch goal is not met.
don't worry, i'll wait until the last minute. i want to mount the probe about 10' above my roof line (and gather data indoors) without holding it on a ladder.  it dawns on me that i actually have a spare phone (samsung vibrant) that i could dedicate to this purpose and fix its position relative to the probe so they point the same direction.  might that work over an audio cable with mic connections?
@don - what is the purpose that you would like to use the device for? and don't forget - your withdrawal of the pledge would e counterproductive to achieving the stretch target that would give you the remote mounting solution :-)
ok, but if that doesn't happen i'll be withdrawing.  that's not just pique, my purpose for this requires wired separation of the probe from the phone.
@don - we need to get to that level in order to put that feature on our priority list for the coming months. we have quite a few competing priorities :-) there are a number of technical reasons why the device will not work a bt transceiver; we need a specific voltage going in and out of the audio jack for the electronics to work properly and we need a very high transfer rate, to name a few
gosh, i hope it doesn't take getting to 50k just to be able to tell the app to assume a fixed true north orientation so as to be able to rig a remote sensor via an audio cable. wrt the question about bluetooth, there are analog in/out audio transceivers for bluetooth and i'd be surprised if this wouldn't work with one of those.  e.g. a pair of these: http://amzn.com/b00dqunodq
@me - very good point! and yes - we have designed the new device so it will work with a lifeproof case
hello, i just noticed something. all your examples show the wind meter connected to the phone without any case on. will it fit the opening of an iphone with a case on? obviously there's a little gap because of the case but i would hate to take it off because the wind meter doesn't go all the way in and won't work.
@scott - the temperature gauge is not something we are able to incorporate in this version. the communication with the phone is pretty complex as is, because we require a very high resolution on the signal in order to tell the wind direction, so we can not add more to this. but we are planning to integrate wind chill by other means at some point
the perfect stretch goal is to add a temperature gauge. then in the app, have a wind chill calculator. i got the v1 and have to take a reading, then switch to my thermodo for an accurate temp reading, then to a separate app to input both readings to get a localized wind chill rating. this is a huge feature for ski resorts & northern winter regions for warnings, etc. it would be nice to have a single tool to achieve this! looking forward to the v2 with this added capability if possible! i'm backing you again regardless! congrats!
@vaavud thank you! :)
@iamcreasy - thanks! the climbing/basejumping (but with too much wind to do the actual jump) is shot in the south of france. these shots are made by a french photographer we hired to do a small video for us. he keeps the exact location a secret the mountain biking scene is from the winning video in a video contest we ran a little while back. the guy who made it is from marin county in california (=the cradle of mountainbiking), so i assume the shots are from there as well, but not 100% sure
goodluck on your project. just one question, what's the places on 0:26-0:35 on your video?
@asakky - thanks for backing us! what you are describing is exactly the content of our 50k stretch goal!
would like to be able to permanently mount this outdoors (e.g., roof) with extension cable to phone indoors. please consider a mode wherein the phone's orientation is not queried but instead the wind meter is simply assumed to have been installed at a fixed orientation (e.g., pointing towards magnetic or true north). api/spk would be great but how about also just a simple continuous append to a csv text file (date/timestamp, speed, direction) at specified time interval. so we can just regularly copy or transfer this file to a server for viewing/analysis/archiving. (context is permanent mounting of wind meter as mentioned above.)
@maxwell - thanks for backing us! we are planning to make an api/sdk for others to integrate with our app, and plug the data into other applications - i can not give you a timeline for this just yet, but rest assured that it is on our list! regarding location, then you can disable location services for the app if you want to. but please note that all wind readings are anonymous - even for users that are signed-up and logged in. so you should have no concerns about enabling location services, and this also gives you the benefit of seeing your readings on the map, and having a map thumbnail in your history list
great project. and very useful for rc hobbiests. i was looking at the current app. will there be an api so i can integrate live wind data into other programs? is sharing my location required to use the wind meters? these are important features to me. thanks
@geoff - thanks a lot! awesome to hear that you like our first product, and we really appreciate the help with spreading the word! @james - we are looking into ways to integrate our data with others, so stay tuned for news on this a bit down the road @michael - great!!
@creator. thanks for the stormtag tip. i just backed the pro.
just realised that you are also backing stormtag which i am also backing, as i see your project as complimentary!
hi this is looking an interest product but i am wondering would you integrate with weathersignal app on android. as this is crowdsourcing and other kickstarter projects are embracing this? james
guys i have pledged. i have 2 of your first offerings and i use them all the time. i have one for my sailing boat and the other i take on the rib with me. the looks i get when i am racing my sailing boat and pull it out. best of luck guys. i also run www.tb4e.com and we will start making some noise on there for you. great product. geoff.
@christophe - it would be an interesting device, but it is a completely different product, so it is not something we are able to incorporate. we are staying laser focused on delivering a great wind meter :-)
what about another stretch goal such as adding a combined wind and solar meter?
@ntimis - the jackstick is a real jack stick on v2.0 (vs. just a plastic pin on v1.0) because v2.0 communicates with the phone via the headset port. you are of course right that metal can corrode - especially when exposed to saltwater. but this is also something we place a lot of emphasis on in our design and component sourcing. we are making sure that all components are in a quality where they can hold up to wind and weather for a long time, and that electronics will be encapsulated etc.
with the latest update on the design i noticed that the 3.5mm jack is metal. considering that many of us use the wind meter very close the sea, isn't there a possibility that the metal will become rusty? i really liked the fact that v1 was all made of plastic.
@lawrie - thanks a lot! we have in fact been playing with the thought of a dock for v1 also where we just transfer the magnetic signal, but the signal is not strong enough. due to signal loss in the cable, we would need to amplify the signal, and then the solution becomes too complicated and expensive
@pascal - you are right. the specs in terms of wind range etc. will be the same @tomaso - thanks a lot for the review!
congrats on the rapid achievement of the target so quickly.  i had also wondered about a bluetooth dock to use it remotely but mostly to put my mk1 version to good use.  now it has been revealed the mk2 will work via a cable perhaps there is a possibility of a dock that will convert a mk1's magnetic signal to something compatible with the software for the mk2 and connect it with a cable. agreed you would not get wind direction but it would put the still pristine mk1 to good use while keeping the mk2 for mobile readings. please give it some thought :-)
hi guys! take notes of the link i've added on our home page www.velaforfun.com we will also add a review asap we have the vaavud to test ;) i hope it brings pledges.
ok, so it won't add any additional functionality in terms of measurement. thanks.
@pascal - great to hear that your vaavud v1.0 is still going strong! it is built to last - and so is v 2.0. so yes, v2.0 is available before v1.0 wears out, but it gives you the extra feature of measuring wind direction, as well as a broader wind range (we will publish detailed specs as soon as we have done a few more tests to confirm the exact numbers). so maybe you wanna upgrade to get that feature, or maybe you wanna leave your v 1.0 in the boat/car/gear bag as a spare. it's up to you with regards to the ceramic version, then it is for those who don't settle for "just" awesome. the basic version will be the perfect solution for 90%+ of all people - for the last ~10% who want nothing short of the ultimate, there's ceramic bearings.
regarding this ceramic-stuff… is there any *real* benefit? eg. measuring extreme low wind speeds? or higher wind speeds? if it's just for the durability: my vaavuud 1 is still working properly. if there's a vavuud 3 campaign next year, new stuff will become available long before the old wears out.
@john - thanks a lot! and a big thanks to everyone who has backed us until now and sent us past the 100% mark - you guys are awesome!! we will post an update in the beginning of next week - with 30 days more to go we will need to think about a couple of stretch targets. if you have any ideas, let's hear'em! @grady - a bluetooth module is a great idea, and it is in fact something we have discussed internally. but it would probably get relatively expensive, because we use the phone to process all the calculations (and some of them are quite heavy). so the remote module would need to be able to process the raw data, and then there is the question of power supply etc. so right now i think we have parked the idea, but not necessarily for good.
congratulations on reaching funding!
what about a bluetooth module that would transmit the wind data to your phone?  i could mount this up on my mast, and put the phone in the cockpit.
@andreas - thank you so much for backing us again!! you are right - this time we are communicating with the phone through the audio jack. so yes, in principle you can use an extension cord, but then the direction measurement will not work, because the app must know the orientation of the wind meter relative to the phone. but maybe that's an idea for a stretch target, given that we are now extremely close to the 100% mark, and still have 31 days to go... ?
woo, lets do this again! v2! if i spot that 3.5mm correctly, it's made out of metal, which means it will be able to send data to the phone over "audio", does that mean we could move the wind meter off our phone and mount it somewhere (e.g. on the sailboat railing) and have an extension cord going to your phone?
@marco - thanks a lot, we really appreciate the feedback, and the extra pledge!! @pierce - thanks for including us in your podcast! p.s. the fancy word you are looking for is "anemometer" :-) @hajo - great to hear that you like the ceramic version! you can just add 27 gbp to you pledge and keep your current reward selection. then we will sort it out when we do the survey at the end of the campaign where we collect shipping addresses etc. @suezo - if you would like the ceramic one in addition to the regular one you get with you pioneer pledge, then please add 60 gbp (53 for the device + 7 gbp for the additional shipping&handling cost - like for the best friends where shipping is 17 gbp for 2 pcs)
please confirm if i need another shipping cost for ceramic version to my previous pledge.  i would like to add ceramic version to my "early adopter" pledge.
can i pledge for the ceramic version i already pledged for the pioneer what will be the extra pledge i do have to add on top of the early bird pioneer. nice upgrade those ceramic bearings they will last forever.
just reviewed vaavud on the kickin'it podcast (a podcast devoted to kickstarters). check it out! http://kickinit-podcast.podomatic.com/entry/2014-07-18t01_47_19-07_00
great project, good looking design, going really fast with reaching your goal! keep up the good work, pledged for 2 units and added some extra because i like your work!
hi eric, thanks a lot for your message. the device is designed to work with the lifeproof cases, but will not have screw threads. i.e. it will just plug straight into the phone once the plug has been removed
since lots of folks who would use this type of device have their phones in water-proof cases with a screw-on headphone adapter, have you considered adding screw threads to the outside of the vaavud2's body so it can thread directly into the case, without having to remember/carry the case headphone adapter?
jep - accurate, real time wind data coupled with the gps in the phone gives some very interesting opportunities :-)
great thanks! lots of things you can do with the vaavud 2 that will make it more attractive than velocitek, rockboxx and other solutions. gps ping the start buoys, then measure the wind direction to find the favored side of the startline +++
hi andreas, thanks a lot for backing us! and great to hear that you like the first version of our wind meter also! you are not the only sailor who has requested those features :-) our plan is to make a sailing specific app with these + some other features, to keep the interface in the "general" app as uncluttered as possible. so stay tuned for more on this
here is a quick suggestion for how to improve accuracy and add a very nice feature on the vavuud (especially for sailors like myself). can you enable gps speed and direction in the app and subtract this from the measurements? this will be especially important in the v2.0 since you can then extract both apparent and true wind direction and strength. all nice numbers to have since you rarely have the luxury of not moving while measuring from a sailboat. thanks for a great product. have v1 and just signed up for v2 andreas
hi eric. thanks a lot for backing us! sideways load will really not be a problem, because the device is spinning so that is where all the force goes br thomas
very cool project! i hope the base of the adapter (where it contacts the phone) is flared out a bit to support the meter in high winds, instead of putting too much load on the microphone plug/jack.
@arnaud, thanks a lot - and welcome on board! :-) we will look at confirming more devices as soon as we are done with getting the final design in place, and we will try to get our hands on an lg g2 so we can test it
great project, just backed :)  i hope it will be compatible with my lg g2 :)
@niklas. thanks a lot for backing us once again! and great idea with the weather station -  but for now we will focus 100% on nailing the v 2.0 device :-)
this is great. i have your first wind meter and have backed this one. i hope the next kickstarter from vaavud, would be a home weatherstation. mvh niklas
@nigel - thanks a lot for backing us!! the device is not intended for that, but in principle, then yes, you can use an extension cable
you state that v2 is using an optical sensor rather than using the phone's magnetic sensor as was used by v1. i assume that this means that v2 will connect electrically, presumably to the microphone input. will this mean that you can add an extension cable to remotely read the wind meter, eg could you mount the meter on the roof of a building and read the speed inside (i realise that this would not enable the phone's magnetic sensor to determine direction, however one could presumably calibrate the fixed direction of the meter)?
great version 2.0! is it possible to pledge double for the pioneer pledge, i already pledge for one but i would like to get two wind meters
@peter. thanks! and we are honored to be the first project you back on kickstarter! we hope you'll enjoy the ride :-)
looks great, i  am so happy to be backing you and this project. cheers peter
@ryan thank you so much for joining again! and for the praise - awesome to hear. have a great day!
awesome job on the first version. works great! this version 2.0 design looks slick and directional feature will open up more ways to use the meter. thanks and goodluck from canada.
thanks a lot for joining us again! we will do our best to make this product even greater!
great to hear you're back and i'm back too. i have loved my vaavud and can't wait to get the new one. being able to measure the direction is a welcome addition and based on the images of the new design it will be even more compact than the first version. good luck for the kickstarter!
