one of my wires are starting to fray and the lightning connector slides out of the housing during unplugging, will this be covered under warranty?
my cable stopped working after a month.  i was told to return it, and that i would be sent a new one.  i sent back the cable.  that was all in october 2015.  i never heard back from anyone, and never received a replacement.  don't count on any help from these people.
what can i do if my cable is damaged? who do i have to contact? thanks
one of my cables has stopped working. how do i go about getting it replaced? thanks
my cable has also quit working on me. have had it in my car, no obvious signs of damage to the shielding or the snakable sections.
my cable stopped working completely
@ matt: contacted you via pm.  thanks.
hey wes sent you a pm about a cable i have. please get back to me. thanks.
@ nate: i will look into this and email you shortly.
as indicated in november, unfortunately still have not received my initial shakable despite being an early backer. never received the email indicated below nor a response to either of my emails that i sent directly.
@ thomas mosher could you explain a bit more about what happened to your snakable?
my cable totally stopped worked after only like a couple months
@ pj gray @ alex c : i will email you to provide info on sending back the defective cable, and receiving a replacement. in the meantime, please check to ensure that your device port, and cable connector tip, are both free from dirt, lint, etc.
cable stopped working.
cable failed. i only had it connected to a computer so there's no wear and tear to explain the failure.  failure point is in the snakable section. very disappointed since the design was supposed to prevent this kind of failure.
@marco hu that is terrible to hear. your order was indeed sent. i will communicate with you via email.
i haven't received anything yet.  i'm backer #30
@johan cabrera: sorry to hear about your cable, i will email you to get this taken care of. to answer your question, i don't believe your situation is a question of durability. if the cable stopped working with no apparent damage, there may have been a failure that stems from the production environment, and not engineering. basically you may have received a defective cable. in any case i will take care of it.
cable has stopped working with no apparent damage and after only a couple of months of light usage... wasn't this supposed to be a more durable cable?
@ srikrishna mallipeddi: glad to hear it!
@matt @wes you are spot on! snakable works great now!
@dax: i do not see any messages or emails from your contact information. please contact directly info@snakable.com so that i can attend to this matter for you.
it never worked... i sent an email a few weeks ago but got no reply. all my iphone and ipad say when i use the cable is that this cable is not supported... aaaaand stops working...
@srikrishna you may have a build up of pocket lint in the port of your phone. try digging around inside with a paper clip. i've seen this before. big ol ball of lint in there preventing connection.
@ nate: hi nate, i emailed you yesterday.
@ srikrishna mallipeddi: hi srikrishna, it seems as though you may have a defective charging port on your device. snakable cables are mfi certified, meaning our spec in line with apple's required spec for production.
i moved in the time between backing the product and it finally shipping, and never received my product. emailed back and forth with the creator a couple of times regarding this with still no resolution. my last email to him was on on november 6th with no response. oh well.
@wes after having used the lightning cable for a few months now, i realized that the male lightning end of the cable might be slightly off specs than traditional lightning port. my phone has started to show loose connection and frequently disconnects with both the snakable and my original apple cable. the apple cable seems to work fine with my friends' phones, which makes me think i might have ruined by phone permanently! has anybody else seen a similar problem? is there a fix? thanks.
@ nick martin: hi nick, i have sent you a message. thanks.
i did send this privately but i'm yet to receive a reply so i thought i'll try here:- hi there, i'm afraid to say that my cable no longer works properly. i have to 'wiggle' the bendy part to an exact position for it to work which is very frustrating as any movement of my iphone or ipad whilst charging causes it to stop working. don't get me started on trying to use it to sync! i've now given up using it as i would put my iphone on charge after 'wiggling' it at night only to wake up the next morning with the battery flat as the cable got knocked in the night. like most people i need my cell phone on a daily basis so i can't use a faulty cable to ensure i get my phone charged. i need something reliable. i have to say after waiting all this time & then have this happen is very disappointing. i thought this was going to be the last cable i  bought but alas that's not the case. please could you advise? i appreciate your assistance in this matter. best regards, nick perhaps you could respond?
@nathan martin: sorry to hear that you are having issues with your cable. i have responded to your inquiry via private message.
mine has stopped working, can i please get another?
this product took a long time to come to fruition - but it was worth the wait. impressed by the quality and happy it functions as promised.
@lisa o'donoghue: i am so glad that you are enjoying your cable! as for the adapter, thank you for letting me know. i will put out an update to let everyone who received one to keep an eye out, or discontinue use altogether. as for your name mention on  the site, i placed every backer who filled out a survey on a list on the site. you can find the list ("wall of heroes") on the 'our story' tab of the snakable.com website. (http://www.snakable.com/new-index/#the-wall-of-heroes) your name is within the first name block. thanks again lisa!
wes, just a quick question - did we all get a mention on your snakable page for donating?  i cannot recall what my donation bought, as it was so long ago now (not a criticism, i am a sieve head on a lot of medication!).  it would be nice to be able to check out your page and have my name listed as a backer, can you tell me if this is possible or didn't i spend enough dosh?! :) thanks in advance, lisa
wes, thank you so much for my snakable, i have been using it for a couple of weeks now and absolutely love it!  i no longer worry about the ends coming away - it's the best thing since sliced bread!!!  my only negative is for the 2pin to 3 pin adapter, when i first plugged it into my socket tower i noticed a spark, ignoring this i left the snakable and adapter pugged in, after a few hours i checked the adapter and found it to be extremely hot, so i'm not using it now in case there's a fault with it and i burn my house down. that said, thank you for a wonderful iphone cable, i'm  so happy and i'm so glad you took your time with it - i hope the cable will be available from shops as i'd like to buy another for the car :)
got mine in the mail and so far so good!  might swap it out for the one in my car. since that gets handled more frequently. thank you!
got mine in the mail and so far so good!  might swap it out for the one in my car. since that gets handled more frequently. thank you!
i received an android cable instead of apple 6 - can i exchange the android cable or purchase an apple 6 cable?
i got mine!!!
hi wes, i received my snakeable which looks great btw but i ordered two. on your packing slip it only indicates i only ordered a single but if you check i pledged $40 for two. i can send a pic of my pledge and your packing slip. please advise? thank you, rob
@wes goulbourne i've been seeing the error that @todd sims is seeing. it is not consistent, but it is appearing about 60% of the times i insert the cable. i've also seen this error occur with apple's cables, so there is something about the lightning cables which might make this happen even if the cable is certified.
sweeeeeeet. i got my red snakable cable today with the dual plug! thank you wes. it was well worth the wait as my cable that came with my iphone 6 plus is starting to wear.
@ todd sims: the snakable lightning cable is most definitely mfi certified. i am not sure why you are receiving that message. try ensuring that your device is currently up to date with the latest ios system update.
hey everyone! thanks so much for your kind words! it's great to see that everyone is enjoying their snakable! the majority of you guys were very patient, and i appreciate that very much. remember this is your product too! without your pledges and continued support, snakable may have never came to life! i hope you can all feel some pride in that, as i do. �
the snakable looks nice plugged into my car's head unit. but i have been getting a "this cable is not certified and may not work reliably..." is this not a mfi cable? did you not pursue certification?  i guess that means it will not charge at 2.4a.
received the snakable two days ago (norway). very happy with the product so far. seems very sturdy so far, but will have to use it a bit to see how it reacts to daily wear and tear. :-) well don! the puch is very nice as well, great to keep it protected in when not being used. i think i'll be ordering more!
wes. not heard from you. in the mail you sent there is no tracking id. while the mails says here is the tracking id and then its blank. can you please explain ?
hi wes, today your snackable landed in the netherlands too. i am glad to be a little part of your project. forget all the stress about delays.  be proud!  kind regards, paul vanderheyden
just received my orange snakeable, looks and works great! glad you persevered with this even when things weren't going well turned out awesome!
can anyone tell me if all the cables you received came with a pouch each. i backed for 2 cables but only one of the cables came with the pouch and the other didn't have anything. they didn't even come boxed and why i don't mind so much about the boxes as this would help keep shipping costs down i would have liked to see each cable come with its own pouch.
received my two usb snakables. work precisely for the purpose to which i employ them - phones charging on a side table. the bendy part really helps over a traditional cable. in the future, should you wish to "upgrade" your snakable, might i suggest a flat cable. this would help reduced cable tangle and make them even more convenient. great job and worth the wait.
hi wes! the snakable already arrived bangkok, thailand, safe and sound! i love the quality of the product so muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! really nice work.
got my snakable and i'm very impressed. the only critique i can give is that i got the red one and it's a very dull red. i'd suggest i brighter red in future production runs. great job wes!
wow. worth the wait sir. it looks great and cable was well made. nice job
hi wes,  glad i received my snakeables.... love them... but on a side note and i know this will priority number one (just kidding) ... i wanted my plastic green snakes too....lol... take care!!
wes i received my green snakable today.  it is plugged in, charging my phone as i type this and is perfect for use for the plug in my bedroom. thanks for persevering through all the challenges and bumps in the road. it is a great product and i hope you sell many many more. congratulations! rhonda
got my cable and love it:) will be ordering more for friends and family! congrats on your product and wishing you much success!
well done. wish i had backed you for more at the eb price, could use them to replace the juices that failed
just got my cables. nice job wes. pretty sweet. glad to support a local to!
wes - no one clowned you more than i did about the delays on this project over the last year (granted, i did it in private correspondence), but i'm glad that we're so close to so many people who have made personal attacks against your character having to eat crow. i know how frustrating it's been over the years for so many of your great ideas to unfortunately never come to fruition, so to see something you've done finally become successful, well, i couldn't be more proud. and granted, i fully understand why so many people here would have lost faith in your project, i know from personal experience how driven and dedicated you've been to everything you've ever done, which is why i avoided coming to this comment section so frequently, because it bothered me to see so many people who had no idea how hard you were struggling against the odds to make this project work, in spite of all the obstacles you faced along the way. granted, i had the benefit of knowing personally that you wouldn't allow yourself to disappoint these people, so that helped me keep my confidence. i'm just glad that all the naysayers are now learning that you always fully intended to keep your word on this. congratulations, and i'm looking forward to more successes from you in the future.
bharath kumar-in my email it did include a usps tracking number.... i guess just wait for wes to answer... good luck..
hi wes. i did receive mail regarding shipping. but there is no tracking number or shipping record. can you please share it with me.? any one else who got this mail can you please check if you have shipping details ?
wes, i will eat my crow now that you are delivering albeit a year late. i look forward to seeing the product and wish you good luck in the future. i am happy to say you are not a fraudster.
hi wes. thanks for all your hard work and dedication to snakable. i knew you would do it..........happy my snakeable is on its way!!!!!  :)   :)    congratulations and good luck in any future endeavors you have!!!!!!!
hi wes, can i still change my order from lightning to microusb? i just switched to android :3 cheers
woohoo! thanks for all the updates and your hard work getting this project completed!!
@marie: i was answering his question with a bit of humor. the updates clearly state when the project is expected to ship. whether they are on point or not, the information is provided to the best of my knowledge at the time. to answer your question. i will look up your external order and contact you via email.
wes, don't be a smart ... "soon" don't make it anymore! by the way, how can we get a refund if we preordered some in excess of pledging?
@daniel redunger: updates are posted as the information is available. the "updates section" is simply where the updates go. everyone will have their snakable.....soon ;-)
"estimated delivery: aug 2014" here we are a year later with nothing to show for it. quite disappointed. the product better be worth it. being a year late, you should be scrambling to post updates almost every day to ensure those who trusted you initially don't think they're being taken advantage of. saying things like: "soon" and "check the updates section" mean absolutely nothing at this point. you need to be taking the initiative to send out updates to your backers at this point in the game. here's to hoping the product is worth the wait.
@akira kawamura they will be shipping very soon. please check the updates section for details.
i have not received yet cable. it would happened to ?
@mohd zaini raya please message your updated address to me on kickstarter. (private message)
@paul baldwin you are exactly right. thanks for the suggestion!
i've emailed my new address thru your website. is that good? have not received any reply though
update us wes!
any updates wes?
i think most will buy a dock and use the supplied cable for the watch but a snakable version would be great as a travel cable.
@ paul baldwin: i have a few other snakable iterations in mind for after this campaign is delivered. the apple watch cable is a great idea.
@ steven kellner: the latest update (#29) was posted june 1st. visit the updates page to view. you must not be receiving notifications from kickstarter when a project update is posted.
i understand delays, but but my big issue is lack of communication. can we get an update on this please. you are way overdue. thanks
@ted because it hasn't been sent yet!
i did not get my order
any plans on doing an apple watch cable?
now that i have an excess of good lightning cables (i didn't in august or even december 2014), the snakanle better be real good the replace them!
@ ronald sutton: the ks backer price was $20. $15 was an early bird price that expired after 500 pledges. the preorder price is $25 and the cable will retail for $30. i have given discount codes to backers for the website previously and plan to do so again before the campaign ships.
wes, what is the backer price to order additional cables? hopefully not as expensive as the pre-order price on the snakable website......thx
@ johan cabrera: xoxoxo
well, i should have known better, and researched the creator before i backed up a project. that can do wonders to avoid backing up someone that would string me along for a whole year and counting...  meanwhile, we have had to listen to (too much work) excuses, while vacations to europe are taken, and probably funded with the project's money, and the worst manufacturers in the world seem to have been the only ones in business for this whole year. not one target has been reached on time.  statistically, is impossible that all that "bad luck" can happen.... i don't even bother reading the "updates" anymore. i know what they basically contain "manufacturer bad. more delays. me so sorry...".
thank you very much to the backers who have left positive and encouraging comments. it is much appreciated.
i indeed have some vital project information that i will be posting via project update very soon. i don't suggest you give up hope just yet....
i've all but given up hope of this ever showing up. sure would like an update
ah yes, another creator that went radio silent! that is always good news.
wes, update us! it's getting upsetting.
hi wes - can you provide an update on current progress?
what will be shipping date now?
hi, sorry for such a basic question.  i'll be moving before snakable ships.  how can i change my address to receive them when they come?  thanks.
wes i know it's not a functional aspect but silk screen looks kind of cheap. i would have preferred moulded look. but your call. ron
can you please process a refund ? its been more than a year to get a usb cable done? seriously... if you are so transparent, process the refund like other kickstarter projects have done...
well, not the same functions! ;-)
@marie, do you think there is any resemblance to smash cup?
@rob +1
you can wait in that case but it will be a long time as your chances of getting the product is slim to none. wes most likely will lose money on this so project because of management and it's easier to walk away than take a hit. however, seeing is believing. the balls is in your court wes. make a fool out of me and the other naysayers.
as a backer myself, i too am eagerly anticipating the arrival of my snakable. however, i fully understand the frustrations that wes is having to deal with in launching the production of his product. i've worked in manufacturing for the last 10 years and am  well aware of the delays that almost every new product faces. i also know wes personally and can promise everyone on here that he is completely devoted to this project. if you backed this product like i did, you will receive you're snakable. matt is absolutely right, we definitely need to extend some patience here. i also want to thank wes for the frequent updates, i've never once had to comment on here with a status request because i receive the updates via email. it's nice to have that transparency from the creator. keep up the good work wes.
@ matt: thank you for your patience and support. it is greatly appreciated.
@ daniel terner: hi daniel, i have assigned the infographic to a graphic artist for completion. i will announce when it is ready, via project update.
hello, wes. on march 3, you said "i will put out an infographic here in the coming weeks to make it simpler to understand what has happened here in the past 9 1/2 months. i will accompany that with some sort of google hang-out or real time chat platform to answer your unresolved questions." where can i find this?
extend patience matt? we are coming on a year and he is still playing with his tooling. how much latitude do you suggest? the five other kickstarters i pledged are either shipping or close to it and snakeables was the first i supported. your credit card company will no longer support you, kickstarter says we are on our own and wes is either missing in action or delaying. patience has run out a while ago.
dang rob, harsh words. i think wes is at other peoples mercy. lets extend some patience here. yea i know delays suck, but he's is making progress based on the last update. looking forward to the cables.
well wes, good news for you. you won't give me a refund or anybody else for that matter and neither will amex because the charge is past the dispute timeframe. my window closed 90 days after your promise date of august 2014. lesson learned to be more careful with sleazy kickstarters like yourself. i can kiss my $60+ cad goodbye. well played fraudster, well played.
when are you going to update us? hopefully this year only .
i too would like a refund - please advise.
for adress changes, simply private message me your new address. do not post your address in the comments section.
my address is changing effective 04/01 how do i let you know
nearing another month for tooling. why is it taking so long and what have they been doing for the last month cause it sure doesn't sound like they have been setting up the tooling.
this does seem to have a great number of delays.
ah, the "soon thing"!
when can we expect the update?
@nathan & marie: i will be posting an update soon, i have not forgotten.
update us wes!
a year has almost gone by since the project was funded. i have one year credit card protection which is just about up. i am officially asking for a refund for my own protection. i would also like a yah or nah response so i can inform alex and let them know i retired from the vendor first. please respond and reply within the week. thank you, rob
it has been almost a full month since the last update on 22 feb and i would like to know if anything has changed, and when we can expect to receive our snakeables. i can't wait to start using it and i hope it comes sooner then later.
so, with tooling at the end of the month, parts a few weeks later and the assembly process with the shipping issues that every other kickstarter seems to have when coming from asia, are we looking at may/june or june/july?  not too stressed here since i expect that the product will do well enough to be in the mass market within a year and i probably will get it sooner than that anyway.  i am sure that those who made a bigger purchase have more stress about it.  i just need one.
like i said, i have doubts about the priority that your manufacturer is giving to this project. being only at the molding stage after 10 months is quite surprising. getting lightning cable out can be long, but there is long, and long ... and they are not out yet!
hi everyone, it has been a bumpy ride for this project in terms of delays, however i have never mislead anyone on false hopes unrealistic expectations. i have been extremely transparent on issues as they occur, their potential impact, and my intended solutions to the problem at hand. i personally have backed over 40 projects here on kickstarter and have met with the projects that squander all funding, don't update backers, or never deliver/refund. your pledge to snakable has never been in jeopardy for any of these, except to simply have been delayed due to the standards of manufacturing and some unforeseen aspects of the project. there are 26 updates in total since the project's inception, which encompasses a lot of information.  i will put out an infographic here in the coming weeks to make it simpler to understand what has happened here in the past 9 1/2 months. i will accompany that with some sort of google hang-out or real time chat platform to answer your unresolved questions. best regards, wes
we need more detail. to me doesn't seem enough to say tooling will be finished on or around 31st march. are you in contact with manufacturer and how do you know they are doing what the say they are doing?
tooling on march 31st? we need some transparency from you, and from your manufacturer! it seems that your project is priority #101 on their list of 100!
i think you need retooling wes. worst kick starter ever and i have pledged five already.
while i doubt apple is going to majorly revise their charger again, i too would like an update.
so, it will have been almost a year by the time i get my snakable...will it have been worth the wait? only if the lightening cable doesn't become obsolete within the next 6 months. whats the point of a lifetime warranty on something you cant use....
any update?
@ marie-andree poisson: ;-)
well, we were not that far away! ;)
@ marie-andree poisson: depends on where you are in the world i suppose ;-)
@ chris dickson: hi chris, the micro usb version of snakable will be manufactured in parallel with the lightning version.
hi wes, i have heard a lot about your progress with the apple product, but i have requested an android version and have heard very little about that. are these happening in parallel, or have you forgotten about the android charger?
by the way, afternoon has passed!
well wes, you said yourself many times with great optimism that certification was nearly done : update 24 - 13 days ago : "i just wanted to let everyone know that apple does indeed have the testing units and the testing will be complete soon." update 23 - 47 days ago  : "speaking of which, these will enter into testing next week [at apple] and will take 2-3 weeks to finalize, according to the manufacturer." update 19 - sept 3rd : "we are also beginning our communications with apple regarding the mfi certification, so far so good on that front." update 17 - aug 4th : september +(30 days): first article samples produced and shipped to myself and apple inc. for testing. late october +/- (15 days): production is complete and we will being shipping." when i said "supposed to be a simple formality" i was not talking about my perception of it, but yours!
i have an update coming this afternoon.
marie, you have previously stated your understanding over the complexity of the mfi certification process. but now your saying it is a simple formality?
what silence are you referring to craig?
will it ever going to be mfi certified? beginning to doubt something that was supposed to be a simple formality.
the silence doesn't bode well for this project
how is the mfi testing going? have you had any feedback as to whether it's a pass or fail for the cable?
testing should have finished by now.  hope to hear something this week
another update please.
talked to the creator at ces and she showed off the product.  they're awaiting mfi certification but the product looked good!
any updates?
can we expect them before next august?
when is the delivery date?
any new updates? can we expect it to be shipped before february?
please give a status as to when we can expect delivery?
why so quiet? i realy need those cable quickly!  why does it take so long!  more and more delay!  i begin to understand why people ask a refund!  some other projects promice to deliver in feb.  and you ... seems never. we trusted u, but u let us down!
any update?
zzzzz!
i'll take the silence as a no. . .
@wes - this project has been going on for what seems like forever. i have bought a decent "unbreakable" usb cable - can i have my money back please?!
@marie-andree poisson: i haven't forgot marie, but thanks for reminding me any how ;-) i will be posting an update with pictures in a few days, over the weekend likely. everything is going well, finally. (knock on wood).
"now that the soft tooling is ready, the prototype department will get busy on building the lab units. about 10 of these units will be fabricated and due to the fact that these units will be hand made it will take the factory about two weeks to complete the task" can we see them? it's three weeks now.
**** sorry but; hey everyone, im not trying to scam or make you wast your time but have anyone heard of backerclub? if not, check it out, this is the website to join.... https://backerclub.co/join/486 it basically make people discover kickstarter projects that have special perks if you are a member of backerclub. plus, you can know about cool projects before they get released. stay on top of the game. it is hidden and few people knows about it, again, most of it, it's because its by invite only. https://backerclub.co/join/486
https://backerclub.co/join/486
thank you for continued updates wes. as painfully slow as it is, things still seem to be moving in the right direction overall. i'm looking forward to getting my snakable cable.
clearly, the excellent relation with the manufacturer described in update #19, and its good comprehension of the project and its timing is less evident now.
wes, hang in there. delays are a part of the ks new product development process.
ok, but 6 months to get to soft tooling is a long time.
@marie-andree poisson: you would think so, but the production prototype needs to be made to be exactly as a production piece but without the fabrication of expensive tooling. as i stated in this past update, low cost soft tooling needed to be made to produce these prototypes. i have some more info on that, and will be posting a new update soon.
10 days (at least) to get a production prototype seems a bit long. any news?
@aaron london: sure no problem, please message me your request directly and i will note it to your pledge.
@wes - anyway to change our survey answers? i made the change (apple -> andriod) and have no use for a lightening cable, any chance i can change it? cheers.
@timothy you know that cable do broke, and that the need for more cables is almost insatiable, don't you? :-)
at this point i have already replaced my cables. if i ever get the 2 i bought it will be a pleasant surprise. thankfully was not a large donation.
thanks for everyone for the kind words and support. set backs and delays will make the final product all the sweeter. believe me when i tell you that i am in agony just as you are with the issues that the project faces. but all things come with time, i promise that. some good news though, apple has accepted the product plan for the snakable cable. this is a big step toward mfi certification. next in line for the mfi cert is physical testing. i will have more info on that in another update next week.
@marie-andree poisson: i feel like i am playing "wack a mole" with this manufacturer. however the issues they raise are somewhat understandable. my main beef with them is their lack of wanting to assume any of the manufacturing risk with our project. we will get there though, i just hate putting everyone through the waiting game.
seems like the manufacturer want to make you pay for too much sku wes! are they going to find other excuses after this one? kind of a "classic" problem with small highly customizable projects like this one.
indeed more updates would be highly appreciated. my ipad cable is dying and would be nice to see it replaced by this cable. already had to buy a new one for my iphone.
?
it seems that the "lightning connectors situation" has been resolved. an update on this and on the other problems (please be specific) is ling due. and by the way @wes, at this point in a late project, updates shoukd be more frequent. don't worry, we will not consider a twice a month, or even weekly update as useless or spam.
any updates?!?
any news??  good or bad....
@marie-andree poisson: with all our previous delays i don't think that will be an issue to worry about. we should be able to procure the connectors we need when the time comes.
what about responding to my comment about your manufacturer's lightning connectors inventory?
@marie-andree poisson: i will post another update in about a week or two. premature updates just annoy backers and i want to deliver solid news rather than empty promises and high hopes. i hope you understand. everyone should know three basic truths about snakable. one, that bottom line, we are continuously moving forward; 2, snakable will become a reality no matter what; and 3, every backer will receive a snakable.
at that point, we should receive more frequent updates wes.
honestly, i have my doubt that your manufacturer would sit on a stock of lightning connectors that long. it either never had them, or it used them lately.
do you people always spend your money without knowing the rules? as long as a creator can deliver there are no refunds. i've backed 58 projects and i don't believe that any have been delivered as estimated. so far i've only been stiffed once and i have one project that i backed that is well over a year late but as long as they keep everyone informed that's all you can ask.
@docknock: i hear you! i just bought an official apple lightning cable from best buy about a month ago and it is already starting to kink up hardcore at the base of the lightning connector.
november is cool, i cannot think of when i would not need a usb cable which will not fray or wear out.
@edriddle: thanks so much for your understanding! it truly does mean a lot!
to all the people asking for refunds... kickstarter is not supposed to be a place to "pre-order" items, although i'm sure plenty of people use it as such on both sides of the transaction. instead, treat it like it is meant to be used and that you are a "venture capitalist" and not a "consumer" and the "return on your investment", your rewards, is a bonus after all the heavy lifting is done. i've backed quite a few kickstarters and i can't think of one of them that has arrived on time for one reason or another.  but i've only been stiffed a few times... one shirt, one set of playing cards, etc.  am i pissed?  yeah!  is there anything i can do about it?  probably not much since the ones that bail don't really care one way or the other.  heck one of them is over a year late on some if the rewards cough *star command* cough but they are still plugging away and haven't abandoned the project, they are actually making it better! you have to consider that most kickstarters have no clue how long things really take to make so just assume that every one will be late and you'll never be disappointed. heck, even companies like cool mini or not that has had several (many?) successful kickstarters, some multi-million dollar, can't estimate correctly... there's always a gotcha! at least we are getting information on how things are going and november will be here before you know it!
@darryl paul turner: kickstarter projects are new innovative ideas that take time and enormous amounts of effort to succeed. results vary and delays are typical. i am a project creator here with snakable but have backed 30 something projects and i am still waiting on a good amount of them to furnish their rewards. only about three of the projects i have backed have come in within a few weeks of their estimated deadline. it is important to know exactly what kickstarter is, it is a great place for folks to get together and crowd fund with minimal investment to see great projects come to fruition. kickstarter is not a store, however backers do receive rewards for their pledges and receives them before anyone else. if you like to be a part of emerging technology, and mingle with great people that have great ideas, i employ you to give kickstarter another look and get to understand it.
how do we receive a refund? november is too long a wait. sorry, nothing personal, just business.
this is frist and last kickstarter project ill ever back
... damn. i actually don't need this anymore. any way to get a refund?
november... damn.  i actually don't need this anymore.  any way to get a refund?
@nathan martin: hi nathan, at this point we are looking at a delivery date sometime in november. i will have clearer information for everyone by mid october.
what is the new expected date for receiving of our snakables?
@marie-andree poisson: hi marie, you are absolutely right. the manufacturer has assured me that they have set aside a sufficient  amount of the lightning connectors from their own stock, to make the snakables.
wes, what about lightning connectors supply? with the production of the iphone 6 (and maybe the new ipads), i heard that supply is very scarse.
guy as long as the creator ends up shipping they do not have to refund any money's.  even though it's taking longer than planned it looks as though the cables will be shipped, just be thankful for the communication as this creator is much better than many. i've backed 58 projects and i'd say that 3/4 of them have been delayed for one reason or another.
@kathleen francis: hi kathleen, the current cables are just the beginning. i plan to support the 30 pin cable soon. ;-)
using the devices, not the failed cables, that is!  :)
using the devices, not the failed cables, that is!  :)
any chance of making a 40-pin version for all of us with legacy ios devices? i just had _another_ one fail, and i plan on using these for some time to come...
wes, how do i get my stake back please? this has taken so long i've ended up buying a different cable.
just got an email telling me the snakable will be shipping shortly and confirming my address.. things moving along faster than planned..?
what is the update?
@docknock an update was sent 8 days ago, so before the end of last week (the week that wes was talking about) :)
it seems to be past the end of the week.  do we know more?
@yolo: it looks like we may be facing delays that will affect the august delivery. i will know more by the end of the week. i am working on closing the deal with the manufacturer now. hang in there!
i reckon we are a bit behind schedule... but that happens... no biggie... can we please have a look at the revised timeline and expected delivery/dispatch dates?
@matthew: no kickstarter edition packaging, but i do have some goodies up my sleeve.
@neekunj shah: i will be posting an update this week :-)
any update?
the packages look good.  do you have any that show the kickstarter edition
things are looking up! we have found a sourcing agent in china to find a qualified factory to manufacture the snakable. i will post an update by the end of the week with all the details and a revised timeline. plus i'll talk about the other things we have been doing post kickstarter. stay tuned and as always thanks for your support!
@marie-andree poisson: lol ;-)
@marie lol
@neekuj last update is 7 days old! but agree that the comment section is a bit without life.
what is happening now? updates?
@jonathan lieblein: it should ship together yes.
if we do a pre-order from the site, will that ship with our ks reward?
guys i apologize to our international backers with the mix up on square. i will be doing international pre-sale orders manually through paypal. message me with what products you would like along with your email & mailing address and i will processes it all through paypal and e-mail you the payment request. sorry again for the inconvenience, i am working on a new snakable website with integrated shopping cart and checkout systems, so this will not happen again.
@adrian. wes said that square was for us backers only and if international backers wanted more then to message him directly.  i found this in the comments section of the last update: this pre-order method is only available to u.s. backers, the square system does not allow for international shipping. for international pre-sales, message me directly.
congratulations wes, well done on reaching and breaching your target! i had a look at your offer on the last update as i have just ordered myself a new ipad. unfortunately the square website doesnt like my uk address and phone number. i was going to order an orange and a black cable as addition to the green one i chose from kickstarter. i appreciate your time will be pretty much tied up right now but is there any chance you could email the guys at square see if they can sort this out please. many thanks and well done again dude adrian
@theresa l.: thanks so much for your kind words!
congrats! they may not know it yet, but this ingenious cable is going to be one of those things that will make everyone wonder - "how did i ever live without it?". here's to your continued success!
hi everyone! thanks very much for all of your kind words and support! i am looking into a fulfillment system where i can give backers the option to add on units and offer pre-sales. i will know more about that later in the week. stay tuned for updates!!
@mansur i can say from very well informed source that wes is considering it seriously :-)
i would suggest to use backerkit.com for the surveys so that those who want add-ons can add some more during the survey. it will also be easy for people who have already added the extra $$ during the campaign to add the different colored snakables during checkout. the other option could be that you create your own custom shop and send emails to backers with their coupon codes worth the amount they have pledged..
$40.015  wes   congratulations !!  i'm glad be part of this
yes! fully funded past 40k! can't wait for my 10 snakables! i may even keep them for myself...
woohoo!!!  we broke 40k before it ended!
@jomac cuison: sure not a problem.
i ordered 2 cables can this be an apple and android.
@erick henriquez: awesome erick, congratulations! thanks for the support as well!
i just got one more , for my wonderful girlfriend celebrating 3 months :)  all the best for this snakable project
@rebeca mckay: thank you ms. rebeca ;-) none of this would be possible without all of these fantastic backers!
wesley you are awesome!
question. will the lightning version work with ipads and ipad minis? i know some cables can't charge ipads.
@anthony williams: yes i am looking into usb 3.0 too.
i just got the galaxy s5 with the larger usb 3 connection. are you making a cord to match oem cord?
@jonathan lieblein: shipping is free in the us, but since your in philly if you would like to meet up to get your snakable, we can see what schedules look like when production is complete.
any chance for a local pickup?
@jared smith: i decided not to make a car charger at this time.
is there any possibility for a car charger as an add-on?
@wes reassured. upped my pledge!
good to know.  thanks.  power bundle, here i come!
@jared smith: thanks for the great question. the lifetime warranty covers the entire cable from any defects and any breakage from normal usage. the only type of damage not covered is accidental damage, such as if you were to accidentally run the cable over with your car. :-)
i have a quick question about the lifetime warranty.  does that only apply to the 'snake' bending areas, or to the whole cord?  i've had several mini-usb cords end up failing on me, which led me to look for a higher class cord... and this kickstarter.
@marie-andree polisson: usps will most likely be used to fulfill the orders. i cannot ship rewards as gifts. even though we educated folks here on ks can rationalize the technicalities, the customs agents will not. to aviod any delays in shipping to the backers we will have to declare a value. however, the declared value of the product being shipped can be reflected as the manufacturing costs, or "replacement costs" from how i understand it. so i will be declaring the manufactured value of the products being shipped. i cannot state what that cost is, but it will likely be lower than your pledge amount. :-) if anyone else has experience with this i value your input.
ok, pretty soon to talk about that, but it could influence the level of pledging of many international backers, including me. how will you ship the goods (shipping service)? what value will be declared? do you plan to ship them as gift?
@ben: the $15 pledge was an early special. the $20 pledge is the same product.
what's the difference between the $15 and $20 pledge
@jonathan lieblein: yes, based off of the prototype the snakable will fit into the life proof case. even if during production a mm or two are added, it should still fit. i've had bulky chargers before they are very ugly and non functional with cases. i've built that thought process into the snakable. :-)
have you tested with life proof or other similarly bulky cases for fit?
@a.j. ferwerda: yes $5 international shipping is flat rate per backer. thanks for your support!
i plegded $65 voor 2 cables and bricks and $5 for international shipping, is that correct? regards
@jonathan lieblein: i must say this is a fantastic idea. i am thinking if we can't hit a $50k goal we could afford to do both, the pouch and the strap. thanks for your input!
@phol p. registered: when the survey goes out to make your cable choices, you will be able to change your address. if it is a billing issue, you probably need to go onto the amazon payments web site and change the billing address from there.
how can i change my billing address? when i click on "manage my pledge"in the app on my ipad,it does't work and it does't link to any page.
the pouch sounds good. i was also thinking a small strap to keep it coiled with a place to put my name on so if i leave it at work, i might actually get it back how much of a stretch would there have to be?
congratulations, everyone. this seems to be a really cool product :)
i am thinking a silk screened premium quality micro fiber pouch would be good for the stretch goal. everyone would get one, it would be a kickstarter only limited edition item. since i would only produce if for you guys. we just need an awesome design to screen onto it, what do you think?
@nicolas s: thanks nicolas!
@teresa wilson: orders in the us include shipping.
we did it everyone!!!! woooo hoooooo!
do i pay the 5 dollar s/h on orders in the usa? congratulations on meeting your first goal!!   :)
:) we are 100% funded! stretch goals here we go!
hey guys, as we get close to the funding goal i think it is safe to start discussing stretch goals. =) does anyone have any ideas?
@craig from the faq: if i order multiple cables internationally, do i have to pay the shipping cost per cable? no. the shipping cost of $5 for international orders is a flat fee for your entire order. for one cable, or a dozen cables :-)
is the $5 shipping a flat rate no matter how many cables i back or is it $5 each cable. ie if i wanted 2 cables would it be $45 or $50
@james clapp: hi james, thank you for your pledge! just so you know, the snakable is available in apple lightning & micro usb configurations. :-)
just pledged 20 for mine :) was going to get my girlfriend one but you only have the apple lightning, to bad shes the one who always breaks her cords :p
we are getting close everyone! i will have another big update in the next few days. stay tuned! as always i thank you all for your support!
@coop: two days ago i was a bit skeptical myself i must admit!  but things are looking great, we should all have a snakable soon! :-)
@dillon: i know! i am very exited by the turn our thus far!  you guys are the heroes here!
omg...you are going to make it wes!  two days ago it was looking like it might be a stretch to make it.  now i feel like i will be receiving my snakeable in august!  congratulations buddy.
it's been awesome to see the pledges come rolling in! normally a project slows down in the middle but it's full steam ahead. looks like everyone agrees that this is a good idea!
@matt: having the case issue before, i designed the snakable to only be about 1-2 mm bigger than the original apple cable. just about the same for the micro usb cable as well. :-)
hey wes is the diameter of the plastic around the lightning connector the same as the factory cable? i'm concerned that if it's thicker it won't fit through my case.
@jan bernrader: the brick will be 1amp. although, we are looking at a model now that will have two usb inputs, one for 1amp and one for 2.1amp.
@marie-andree poisson: yes the mfi process is a complicated one! we are working with manufacturers who are already certified. we are also working with apple directly as we are certified mfi developers.
thanks for the quick response, i've got another question what will the output off the brick be? for example 2amps or will it be less?
mfi certification can be a complex and looooong process. have you begun the process? are you working with a mfi consultant/specialist/manufacturer?
@graeme jenkins: you will receive a survey once the campaign is fully funded. this is where you'll choose the type of cable and the color. i am sure your office will be excited! thanks for the support!
@justin cease: we are looking into doing some cross promotions, excellent idea!
@toukarin:  yes that is exactly how it works :-)
@kay-min chan: your right, there is a huge issue with third party cables not working with ios7. snakable will not have that problem, as we will manufacture the lightning version using apple's mfi certification. that includes the use of the verification chip. thanks for the support!
@jordyn mcginnity: awesome write up jordyn! thanks so much for spreading the word!
@andrea raiconi: thanks for the comment! i am still finalizing the packaging, we are looking at the size of 3.5" by 6.7" that's a fair small size, but we are still experimenting. thanks for the comment!
@jan bernrader:  the plugs and the cable will be the same color. thanks for the support!
hi, the proposed packaging looks lovely, but it seems a little bulky! maybe something slimmer would be better, at least for international shippings? as long as it protects the cable well, of course.
hi, some generic lightning cables don't work with iphones running os7. will yours have the chip to allow it to charge iphones?
looks like a great product! i just did a feature of it on my blog to help spread the word: http://jrmcginnity.weebly.com/1/post/2014/05/kickstarter-pick-of-the-day-snakable.html
you should do a collaboration with "doubble time usb charging cable" they are also on kickstarter and imagine if you sold your combined products? they'd fly off the shelves!
possibly the best idea i wish i'd had.. i've pledged twice for the reseller pack - the users in my office go through cables like hot dinners!  no mention of how to pick apple or mini lightning though but i'm sure you've thought of that.. keep going wes - i spotted on flipboard so your idea is getting some airtime! cheers graeme.
hi, does the early adopter work for multiple orders? ie. pledge $30 for 2 cables @$15 each.
hey first of all great project! will only the plugs be colored or the whole cable? greetings from germany
@nicolas s: thanks for the support!
i've upped my pledge to the reseller pack, great project, looking forward to get mine!
hi ben, no worries at all. after the campaign is fully funded, a survey will go out to all the backers. that is when you will choose your configuration and color. thanks for your support! if you have any other questions feel free to ask! best regards, wes
sorry if i sound a little ignorant on this topic this is my first pledge to a project on kickstarter.  when will the option be available to choose between micro usb or the lightning cable? i just want to make sure i get the right cable.
@jonas bergmansson: hi jonas, excellent question! when it comes to international versions of the snakable power brick, we will be shipping the plug with the corresponding country's adapter. thanks for your interest and support! best regards, wes
will you be offering the power socket brick in other configurations of ac plug, or just us "nema" plug?
@craig coupar: hi craig, thank you for your pledge and support! yes that will cover two cables and shipping to the us or international. we are looking at setting the warranty to at least 30 days.
i've pledged a total of $35 is this correct to cover 2 cables and postage. can you also say what the warranty is on the cable.  thanks
@shane: no. international postage is a flat $5 fee for your total order. no matter how many times you increase your pledge. thanks for your support! best regards, wes
as an international backer, if i wished to increase my pledge, would i have to factor in double postage costs also?
hi rodolfo,  yes you can, just go back to the project's main page and click manage pledge. leave your pledge reward selected and change the pledge amount. i.e. since you pledged $15 for one snakable, change it to $30 for two snakables'. thanks for your support!
i pledged $15 the early bird special. if i add another $15 will i be able to get a extra cable
