hey nicolas, i just sent you an email. we are waiting on usps to respond to our claim. i will resend your order if usps has lost the package. please reply to the email when you get a chance. thanks!
hi david, it seems like the package never arrive to chile, there is no trace in our postal office
hey nicolas, i'm looking into your package whereabouts. it seems it left san francisco june 27th, then disappeared. i'll send you an update via kickstarter's messenger.
it 's been a month and a half, and has not reached the country of destination , no traces of code tracking at the post office
does anyone receive atlas?
david:  can you give us a quick update on progress?  thanks!
any update?
still waiting!
just saw that we needed to fill in feedback. looking good, hoping to get to use this for my trip down to tennessee for the big rdv get together.
creator 4/17/15 - "my goal is to have all of the units assembled and shipped by may 10th" this made me smile!!!   ... that's less than 2 weeks away, yippee
can wait, very excited :)
we have received all of the internal parts and packaging. the main parts are currently being cut, bent, pressed and welded. once we receive all of the parts, i will send them off to a local black oxide company, then onwards to a local laser etching company. my goal is to have all of the units assembled and shipped by may 10th. i don't see any roadblocks preventing us from shipping within the month of may. believe me, i am doing everything i possibly can to get these throttle locks in your hands! we are so close!
when is this shipping?
looking forward to getting one to use on the vstrom on ride to alaska in june.  will always review on my blog at asphaltjourney.com when it comes in.
i'm excited that you guys were successfully funded. now get to work asap! i'm looking forward to getting my hands on it. please keep us updated.
i am buying one to try on my argo amphibious vehicle.  now i won't have to constantly hold the throttle when slowly crossing bodies of water.
