well, still waiting to get my signed vinyl. i have screenshots supporting this as well as an email from a representative that said we were all supposed to get it and it was an error. she also said that they would be doing another printing art to sign for the album.  this is a breech of trust. come on!
now that i've listened to the album for a few months, i've found that the mix is actually alright and fairly smooth to listen to. the cd's sadly a casualty of the loudness war (even the 96k files fall victim to this), however the songwriting is up there with their older stuff.
exactly kyle, and adam, i didn't say the album was horrible. i think any album with more than a few good tracks to my opinion is a good album. not every track will please every listener.
@adam winther - i've heard several versions of information regarding the vinyl. originally it was stated that all vinyl would be signed. when mine arrived unsigned, i used the contact form on this site and was told that the vinyl was signed at the $125 level. now i have heard that there was some sort of mistake, and that all vinyl was indeed supposed to be signed? i'm curious as to whoever organized and implemented this whole thing... seems it's a bit of a mess.
pretty much...
btw, they made it right with me when they made a mistake so....i guess i'm a psycho.
once again with the "toad and the wet sprocket".  please, if you are going to flame, get the name of the band right.
oh boo hoo adam, you're right, i never claimed to be a huge toad and the wet sprocket fan. and i've never claimed to be a massive fan of the other albums i backed either. i sure do know how i feel because it's my feelings, what an idiotic statement on your part. huge management team or not, a quarter of million dollars for an album release should allow you to hire additional help. regardless this project was handled poorly and i am not the minority, just look at when the album was released in stores and people did not have their cd's yet or how about when people had the show in their town and had no contact information for their $1,500 meet and greet. you can be a huge fan all you want but it's really borderline psycho-fan how you are defending them even with all the facts in place. when my favorite artist pulls some kind of crap i call him and let him know and he usually corrects his mistake(s). "when will we fall down?" hopefully they won't, after poor management on their big return to music.
@george mack...you got your cd even after a mix up and you are complaining?   you do realize this was mainly for fans to back an album so that it could happen? i am pretty sure the limited cd is different artwork. i know the vinyl is. i didn't get my album signed because of a mistake but they are signing it for me at a concert.  sounds like they do care or they could have just blown me off.  you are in the minority as far as how you rate the album. i have been a fan for decades and this is by far their best effort.  you sure seem to know a lot about how they feel. they are not that huge a band i can only imagine that they don't have a huge management team.  i hope this makes you feel better now that you have vented and shown how inflexible you are. have a nice day, buttercup. btw, i can tell how big a fan of toad and the wet sprocket you are.
the management on this project really rubbed me the wrong way. i got my limited cd a month after you could buy the normal cd. this was blamed on a lost shipment but no proof could be made of the first shipment, only the second shipment had proof. i have backed other artist albums on kickstarter and some ran late but no matter what i got my cd before the public. i think a lot of the loss of customer care comes from the fact artist management was involved and the artist was left out of it on this project. honestly i feel like toad and the wet sprocket are just happy we funded them and never really cared past that. i was so let down i just listened to the album for the first time recently. i liked half the tracks which is good for a full release. i won't be backing anymore artist album releases without asking if the artist will be directly monitoring kickstarter to make sure their fans are not let down.
it's awesome! not signed, but you know... i'd rather get it signed in person. :) i'll bring it next time you guys are in indy! thanks!
@mary chang- i was told in an email from their rep that it was a "manufacturing" mistake. (not sure what that means, lol) and that all lp's were to be signed.  i was also told they are working at getting insert reprints done and sent out. hope that helps.
still have not gotten my code either despite request being made.  what's up??
love the new music, have enjoyed my t-shirt, and stickers, and am so happy you are touring. sadly, there has been some miscommunication and resulting disappointment involving the vinyl. after waiting as patiently as possible for months, mine finally arrived. no signatures were evident. hmm, i thought. they must have signed the liner notes. so, i unsealed and inspected everything, but sadly found nothing. so, i came on to the forums, and found that i am not alone. others received their albums unsigned, even though several months ago y'all said the albums would be signed. could someone please let me know how you plan to deal with this? thanks and have a great day : )
hi - i still haven't received the code for the digital download. can anyone assist? thanks!
the june 6th update said all vinyl would be signed :( was rather disappointed when i opened mine and alas, no signature. still love the album, but would have loved the signed vinyl as that update was what pushed me to chose the $50 vinyl option instead of another one.
i remember asking about the vinyl autographs because the 50 dollar cd's were signed. i was told they were too.   is there anyway i can get it signed at the portland, or. concert i am going to?
i was told all vinyl was autographed when i asked months ago.  this is a super bummer!
hey all... here's some clarification on the signed vinyl.. if you did the $50 level.. your album will be unsigned.... if you pledged $125.. your vinyl cover will be signed...   i would've thought that $50 would get you a signature... wrong.
the vinyl arrived today... unsigned.. big bummer.. anyone else not get a signed copy? i sent a message to the team here.. hopefully they're able to get it to me.. wonder what happened there!?
apparently it's "ask and ye shall receive!" thanks guys, and merry christmas!
poke! any updates on vinyl? not worried at all, just checking up. i've been enjoying the heck out of the digital edition. :)
could we please get an update on the vinyl and when it might start shipping?
for those worried about the vinyl being sold on amazon. i was told months ago that our version is also signed..so there's that along with the different artwork.
still no vinyl for me... would be a nice late xmas present..
a quick update - i clicked on the contact me link just to the right and expressed my concern.  i was contacted almost immediately and have received all of my items. great help, responsive, and quick!
hey there, still waiting on my cd. should i be concerned? a friend told me that he got his... thanks in advance for any help!
i sent in everything i needed to get my backers award but than unexpectantly moved.  i placed a forwarding address with the post master but i have not gotten my cd or t-shirt.  who do i contact to resolve this?
jill--i believe that you were the one who contacted me via email. i hope that someone is monitoring these comments and just hoping to add to the list. i've received no survey. i certainly can buy the cd on amazon, but would really like the backer's version. i know that it must be a massive project, but feel as if i've fallen through the cracks.
i am concerned because my friends have received their cd's from backing this project, but i still have not received mine.  i looked through emails and spam folder and found nothing concerning needing my address.  please let me know if there is something further i need to do in order to receive my shipment of items.  thanks.
my cd arrived today!
does anyone know how to send email via kickstarter? i've gotten no response to email@toadthewetsprocket.com
i've sent email, but still have not received a survey, though i backed the project. i have been receiving kickstarter updates, the email address is in my contacts w/gmail, and no email in my spam folder. how can i get the survey emailed to me (cheryl.rickabaugh@gmail.com)?
the cd just arrived in my mailbox today. can;t wait to listen to it. thanks again guys.
i just saw toad perform in albany, ny - great concert! new constellation sounds great live! kudos, guys!
have not received package as of 11/02. pls let me know if additional information is needed!!! thanx,  jy
cd just arrived today!  looks & sounds terrific!  thank you toad!
no cd yet... any indication as to when it might arrive?  i know its being shipped overseas but it is taking a while.
my cd arrived friday and i love it! thanks so much for a great ks and fantastic new music!
yay!  cd arrived, as promised.  thanks, toad, for the awesome tunes.
just came today.
no cd yet, no email from a lora that i can find, and no contact information for a jessica in my kickstarter account or this page.  why not just publish someone's email address to contact for assistance? please contact me to discuss.
i'm still waiting as well...
still have not received the cd, which i would think would have arrived by now, given when they were supposedly shipped.  anyone else still waiting?
hi, i received the wrong size shirt.  i'd like to replace it with the right size. thanks joe
i have not received my cd yet and i know they said they were shipped out and on the way. i was just wondering at what point should i be concerned that i haven't received the cd? by the end of the week or end of next week?
@jason: don't get so bent out of shape about the vinyl. first off, they are delayed at the plant. that's not the bands fault. second, the kickstarter edition has expanded artwork and 4 tracks that aren't on the "amazon" vinyl, which you also can't get because *that* is at the same plant backordered. so the kickstarter folks will get their expanded vinyl before amazon and it'll be well worth the extra cash. i wish folks would research before complaining to the band. this entire thing was about supporting the band. the goods are just icing on that cake. after a 16 and a half year wait for a new album, we all can wait a little longer for things to arrive
@darin - this from another thread creator toad the wet sprocket 1 day ago hi everyone - things were shipped separately so if you are missing one thing or another they will be coming shortly. we're really sorry about this but we are trying like mad to get everything out. please note if you are at the $15 level - there are no physical goods so we do not need your address. if you haven't gotten your cd yet - it is in route. most of you sent your address back in august so there is no need to send again - that note was for the few who didn't respond to the survey. hopefully you will get it in the next few days. if you still don't have a download code - please message us directly - do not post here. thank you :)
i'm seeing artwork for both the "in the round at revolver" and "live in the west" eps on the internet but the one's i've found are 500 x 500. does anyone know where to get larger artwork files...like 1000x1000?
anyone know how to contact the people doing the shipping? i got everything but the cd in the mail. i assumed it would come with the t-shirt... if toad people are watching this or if anyone else has an idea on how to ask, let me know. thanks! darin
i'll be honest, i was kind of disappointed to see that the vinyl (which i thought was only going to be offered to kickstarter backers) is on sale on amazon.com for $32. obviously i contributed also to support my favorite band, but seeing an album i paid $50 for months in advance being offered now online for $32 with free shipping makes me feel like i got bait-and-switched. yes i realize i also got some postcards and stickers, and i got to dl the music months before others, but i still feel a little raw about it. would be nice as a bonus since we've had to wait so long if the band would sign all the vinyl going out to kickstarter backers.
new constellation is finally released!! i’m glad the band from santa barbara, california wasted no time in getting this cd out to their fans. the moment has finally come when i can listen to new toad music again and again! like a rare bird, this band isn’t your typical pop phenomenon. they write music that means something, that lasts; not talking down to their audience, or making music on a whim, but saying, “i’ll bet on you and give you something you can treasure, knowing you’ll return the favor by being the best fans a band could ask for!” it’s a golden age of technological advancement, where you can get what you want in a digital instant. the internet has allowed for super-fast transmission of anything you could imagine. is there anyone out there who doesn’t enjoy the conveniences of modern times? truly life is beautiful, and that beauty should be shared with your neighbor. i would love to look each member of toad in the eye and say, “thank you for all you do. you have created something i truly cherish and enjoy every day!” i can’t thank them enough!! and as a bonus, when we cross the tracks and venture into the unknown, we may take some friendly fire, but we won’t be the last to fall. we will face that unknown with determination and vigor! i'm not waiting for the world to bend to my will, to mold itself into something i can be proud of, for nothing can happen without taking the first step and working together. we all must put in equal effort to make this world a better place. and toad the wet sprocket is inspiring me to do my part. the spirit of anger and indifference is finally fading, and we will move forward to improve the world for future generations. thank you, toad the wet sprocket!!
got all my stuff yesterday! be patient, it's coming!
got my goodies today! so excited! thanks!
@william: people have started receiving their packages as of yesterday. putting a record out is not as easy as some people seem to think. when you're dealing with not only production companies *and* the postal service more often than not always expect things to run late
i still haven't received my cd yet. i was an early backer, and thought i would've received it by now. anybody else get theirs yet?
@terry lee hawkins, the link going to soundcloud is working on my end. i can play/download the songs.
the links to the bonus eps on soundcloud don't appear to be working.  every time i click on either the "in the round at revolver" or the "live in the west" links it does open in soundcloud but i get a message stating, "sorry! we can't find that playlist."  i have a soundcloud account and i made sure i was signed in.  i tried several times and got the same message each time. help!
@john. what do you mean about the four bonus tracks? they should have been in your album download if you bought the bonus version. "friendly fire", "last to fall", "i'm not waiting" and toad's studio version of glen's wpfs track "finally fading"
any word on the 4 bonus tracks???
so has anyone else had a problem with the download? its in wav file format and unlike the previous ones, simply refuses to import into itunes. extremely disappointing
so what's the word on the cd?
this is not intended to be rude but if you guys would look to the left of the backers screen, there is an enabled link under "project by toad the wet sprocket"  that says "contact me". send a kickstarter message directly to the band that way. i am sure it would probably be seen faster. again, sorry if this comes off a little prickish.
i still have not received the download with extra tacks or anything else. any word on this?
so, i did the kickstarter campaign and i am supposed to have my meet and greet this wednesday, september 18.  i have not heard anything and i am getting upset.  can someone please help??!!  my email is stefnebh@gmail.com.  thanks
they are working on getting everything out. have faith. we will get the cd before the official release date.
asking the same... has anyone received the new cd yet? i'm still waiting.
this album gets better on every listen. best one yet.  i have worn out my toad tablature book from like 20 years ago and hope this album might get a book. any ideas if that is a possibility?
has anyone received their new constellation cd yet?
still have not gotten a code.  checked spam folders etc. help!
@rob: thanks for the information! i look forward to the reissues. let me give you my money! ;) also, great name ;)
@rob: dean said those are still planned but the decided to focus on new music first. so next year sometime after this album is released. in the mean time, the band re-released "bread and circus" and "pale" on bandcamp and itunes, neither had been available digitally for some time via columbia. both have been volume adjusted to sound louder than the originals, but are nit the proper remasters we'll be getting eventually
awesome songs! thanks so much for still making music that makes people happy!
and another question - whatever happened to the bread and circus / pale reissues? i'd read they were to be released in 2011 as remastered albums with bonus tracks from the original studio sessions...
agreed, how do i up my pledge to include a shirt please!  see you at the keswick in november!
i'm with craig - that is one awesome t-shirt! any way we can up our pledge to get it?
i selected the "toad the wet sprocket vip care package" which does not include a t shirt - but i love the t shirt.  can i add to my previous pledge to get the exclusive kickstarter backer shirt?
is there a time frame on when we should be expecting our packages delivered?  also any updates on the bonus acoustic album?
i just learned that toad will be coming to albany, ny in november! so excited!
i backed the album on july 26th, got confirmation on august 4th and filled out the form but no codes yet! i have been staring at my screen just hoping....... but no avail. any ideas when i will get the codes to download the album?
very happy to see you guys back making music together again and congrats on the successful kickstarter! i've been "spinning" it for a few days now and their isn't a bad song on the album. i'm sure new constellation will be one of my top albums of the year. everything sounds fresh and new with some subtle hints here and there to the old days. cheers!
your new album is awesome. it's so great to have new music from you. your music has meant so much to me. it has become a part of me. like flesh to water...wood to bone. right on. love, love, love it!
love it!! but darn i thought i had chose the level with the tshirt....
i got the download yesterday.  i burned a disc.  i jammed on the way to work today!  i just love the new album.  thank you.  friendly fire is my fave so far!!! xoxo kell
great album guys!
hi! issues can be sent to email@toadthewetsprocket.com glad everyone is enjoying the music! all codes were sent if ks showed your payment going through. i see quite a few emails un-opened so please check your spam! we'll be sending "surveys" for your sizes and addresses soon! thanks everyone! jess
download successful! great sound!
nevermind...i figured it out...thanks!
i, somehow, got 2 charges in my bank statement from the kickstarter program. i thought i would be able to modify it but nowi have a $40 and $250 charge...help!
i, somehow, got 2 charges in my bank statement from the kickstarter program. i thought i would be able to modify it but nowi have a $40 and $250 charge...help!
ok so i got my email this morning with my code.  now when i went back to start downloading, the email was gone for some reason.  can someone send me the tech support email so that i can get it resent.  thanks
just got my download code!  thank you jess!!  :)
also waiting for my download which i had hoped to get before i go away at the weekend. i filled out the form yesterday (bit late i know) and like many on here have checked my spam folder but there is nothing there.
i have yet to receive any email with download codes... very frustrating was told would get today!
not seeing how we get the 96k version now that the kickstarter is over?  am i missing something?
i never received any download codes.  i have now added the toad email address to my address book.  however, if i received any download emails from you, it should already have arrived, since i don't have any spam folder.  all messages - including spam - go directly to my inbox.  nothing has been received from you.
perhaps a silly question, but will the survey form have a way to opt-out of signed items? if you have a meet-and-greet package, one may want to get their items signed in person. just a thought/thanks for all the hard work and help, jess!
*instructions
@gwen, you need to add toad's domain toadtheswetsprocket.com in your email's "trust list", or more commonly known as "whitelist" so that the download instructiona don't end up in the spam folder where there's a greater chance of getting lost with other spam emails. here's an instruction for whitelisting an email/domain in gmail http://email.about.com/od/gmailtips/qt/et_whitelist.htm might be different if you're using other email provider, in that case you can try and google for the instructions. fwiw, the email with my download had a subject " hey - kickstarter deluxe download - available now!" so you might watch out for that :) cheers!
my husband and i each donated on separate accounts, and neither of us have gotten the download yet.  i filled out the form in the updates section yesterday.  the current update #14 says if you haven't gotten the download yet, to check spam.  i did.  it's not there.  it also says to "whitelist" them if you haven't gotten it.  i don't know what that means, lol, so i'm posting here hoping someone will resend the download to both of us.  my husband is paul roman.  thanks!
glenn - see updates 4 and 8 for instructions on how to get the link sent.  there is a link to a page where you fill out a short survey.  there is also a link here in the comments section if you scroll down a bit.  it can take a few days to receive the code after you've done that.  good luck!
how would the link have come to download the album?  i pledged a month ago and can't find anything in my email with a link.  help?
thanks nat and benjamin.  i'll be patient!  :)  very excited about this album.
gwen, it took about a week for me to receive the code.  i'm thinking (just speculation here) that it will be quicker for you since we've funded the project now.  it's worth the wait!
hahah, we did it!  250k and some change, baby!
i found out about the kick starter late (only 2 hours left at the end) but i was happy to sneak in under the line and show toad my support. i can't wait to get the download! the teaser of the new songs sounded fantastic! thanks again for coming back after 16 years, better late than never.
congratulations on reaching your second goal !!!  thanks for the downloads. we have enjoyed listening to the great music.
high fives all around! congrats, toad!
gwen, it takes a few days to get the code after you fill out the form.  i imagine they are deluged again because of the big rush at the end there.
so now that i have followed the download directions and filled out the online form, should i have an email in my inbox by now with the download in it?  because i still haven't received anything...
congrats on such a great kickstarter campaign! so glad to be a part of it. and i will gladly pay for a full live show - not just an ep- from this tour because the new shows are phenomenal! please consider this as an option somewhere down the line, you guys are the best.
thank you benjamin young and scott cooper.  i finally followed the directions, lol.
congrats on the successful kickstarter guys and thank you for all of the great music and memories.
way to go!!!  look at us soaring above the 250 mark!!!   gotta say it's been a pleasure supporting this project and the coolest thing is the ride has just begun. cheers to a new era in toad history....and thanks for letting us little fans be a part of it.  xo
my first backed project, thanks to facebook friend post. very cool project!
woot!
so amazing. congradulations glen, todd, dean and randy. for all you have given us over the years, this is barely a piece of what us fans owe you. the new record is beautiful and i hope it flys off the shelves!! we love you guys!
congrats.
conga rats all around!
congratulations! :)
toad!
great support for a great product!
toad rocks!
congratulations to all the backers and, of course, toad on a wildly successful campaign.  can't wait to hear the acoustic ep. i really appreciate all the effort that must have gone into the creation of new constellation and wish nothing but greatest success to toad.
i am so glad so many people like toad. i´m from recife, brazil and i knew you guys when began in radio in 1992 playing all i want in vinyl yet. i had an opportunity to see you live in new york back in 1998, and now when i´ve become a 40 year guy, i´ve give it to me this wonderful gift. i am backer too!!!
i'm so happy you reached your goal and we all now get a live ep and the acoustic ep. really looking forward to it. the more i play the new album the more i love it. looking forward to seeing you guys at the winery in saratoga 8/22. and a special thanks to all of the kickstarter's who jumped in the last week and pushed the numbers up past the goal!
we're happy to contribute to your already fan-tastic success here on kickstarter! we can't wait to download the album (96k of course) and hear all your hard work come to fruition. you deserve every bit of it guys!
anyone get the album release show of choice package? i already have tickets for the st. louis show but was thinking of upping my pledge to get the pre-party advantage. just wasn't sure if it's too late since the show is less than 2 weeks away.
kurt. i don't think they have released the acoustic yet as they went back into the studio in mid-july to record it.
hey toad i hope you keep making music,  and as long as kickstarter is around i am sure you can get the funding for any project you want to do in the future.  i said it before and even with the new stuff,  you don't have a song that does not rock!  thanks for the music!
have they released the $150k stretch goal recordings yet? did i miss it somehow or is that comimg?
curious thought.  i am wondering if when the actual album comes out, will the 3000+ copies that are given out as part of the packages here be added to billboard numbers?  i plan to pick up a few copies for friends and family when it comes out but it would be great if these number get added and the guys can make a nice comeback on the national charts.
for those that want the download, you will need to follow the download directions. you will not just get to download sent to you without filling out the online form. go here for the download: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/toadthewetsprocket/new-studio-album-from-toad-the-wet-sprocket/posts/527776
congrats, guys! you made it!
gwen roman.  if you haven't tried already, look at updates 4 and 8 here on the kickstarter page for instructions on how to get a download codes sent to you.
no the email did not go to my spam.  i never even got an email at all, except the one from amazon saying i authorized a payment.  i want my download.  :(
hurray for the 250k goal reached!
yeah!!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/glenphillipsfans/
wowsa, what a nice surprise on the last day.   this has been fun to watch for 60 days!  looking forward to more downloads, and cool stuff in the mail.
absolutely amazing. nice work everyone! now let's get this cd on the charts and show that a great band can make great music even after 16 years.
woohoo! they made it! :d
$250,000 from around 6000 loyal fans is an average of $42 per supporter. not to shabby for some priceless music. can't wait to hang with the band at the "release" party here in louisville. anyone else who picked that package going to pick louisville as their party venue?
wow.  almost there! awesome!!!
congratulations guys! looks like you'll make the stretch goal. loving the album. best of luck with it's future release.
if you like the camaraderie of fellow fans, come join us at: https://www.facebook.com/groups/glenphillipsfans/.  we talk about all things glen and toad and (sometimes other music-related topics). so glad the kickstarter is going to meet the stretch goal! congrats toad!
great new album guys! so pleased you are making music together and giving so much back to the fans. i first got into you back in the early 90's when i was listening to the gin blossoms. saw that you were touring with them and checked out "fear"at my local hmv in exeter, england. fell in love with walk on the ocean and nightingale. it went from there, picked up your old albums and saw you in autumn '94(?) when you toured the uk to support dulincea. brilliant band and great humble guys!
sunday morning coffee and toad...nothing better. just went up to $130 for my favorite band since 1991.
looking good. congrats guys! i threw in an extra $50 for a signed cd that i will never take out of the wrapper.
things are looking good! i bet they make it in less than an hour now.
less than $1000!  gwen, did you check your spam?  apparently that happened to some people, although i had no issues.
i never got an email with download instructions.
so close - just a bit less than $1500 to go and we still have 8 hours!  we can do this!
wow, almost there!!
toad fans unite! i think we're going to make it...best band ever...live ep!
$1900!!!!
i am just loving seeing so many people step up and reach for that super stretch goal!  9 hours and only $2439 to go.
thank you dawn.  i am so excited.   so, did you have fun trying to spell my name?  yeah, i am screwed!
the live album, then, soda. i called it the wrong thing, but to be clear, i just want to know if the 250k stretch goal item will be available anywhere else if 250k isn't met?
just to clarify, the acoustic show/album is already in the bag as of the $150k stretch goal being reached. the $250k bonus is a live album recorded at one of the upcoming shows.
i just upped my pledge to $250. i'm behind ya, steffani chandonait! such a bargain and an honor to be a supporter!
jason, i would really like to know your question as well.
alright, so i just upped my pledge to $250.00.  anyone else to join me?  please, i really want this to happen!
if the 250k goal isn't reached, will the acoustic album still be available for purchase somewhere?
we love the new album. loving it more and more with each listen. on a 10 hour drive to the beach our three kids agreed on listening to this cd. they never agree on anything. the unifying power of toad made our drive enjoyable. can't wait to see you guys in ohio.
i think ben's question - and i am curious about this, too - is whether there might be a variation of the the meet and greet offer for those who have already purchased tickets to a show.
ben-log into kickstarter and click on the manage my pledge" button. now, simply change the amount in the box at the top. next, re-choose your reward below that. once you accept or save changes, you will be re-directed to amazon to confirm the change in pledge.
khaldun -- just make a second account!
thanks bill and ronald - i didn't think there was two different cds
i already have tickets for the november 9th show. what do i need to up my pledge to get a meet and greet for that show?
so close. please make another 75 dollar option. take my extra 25 bucks!
question: i've already pledged but would like to pledge again and giving the goodies as a gift to my friend. is there a way i can go about doing that?
ronald and i are speaking about the non-cd $50 packages (the vinyl and the tee options).  they do not include a cd.
@margaret: the cd in itself is the same, but apparently not every higher value package automatically includes everything that's in the lower ones. i was looking at the vinyl 12" package for $50 and if i want both that 12" and the kickstarter edition of the cd i'll have to make two different pledges...
@bill barnes: thanks, that's a pretty smart idea!
bill - confused by your response to ronald - the cd at the $50 level is the same cd at the $100 level is it not?
oh no i was so looking forward to the ep.  i love when they do their songs acoustic.  if i had the money i would up it but sadly i can't.
i just upped my pledge to $150.00.  come on everyone, we can do this!!@
increased my pledge as well. i cannot get it out of my player- nor out of my head. don't know if getting the goal is possible, but a live ep of this would be awesome.
ronald, it is not.  you have to go to the $100 level to get the cd.  or register a second time and pledge at $25.
this may sound like a stupid question, but before i consider upping my plegde i'd like to be sure the kickstarter limited edition of new studio album new constellation on cd (with special packaging)  is also in the $ 50+ pledges (it is not mentioned, i assume it will be in there but i just have to be sure).
upped my pledge as well.
pledge upped as well.  keep it up everyone!
i've followed toad for quite a few years now and their music continues to be a significant part of my life.  i just want to say how much i am enjoying this album and how far it has exceeded my highest expectations.  it is truly a remarkable collection of songs, and an exceptional balance of that classic toad sound along with a fresh, new vibe.  a heartfelt thank you to the band for all of your hard work on this album and for sharing with us the opportunity to be a part of this project. best wishes for continued success and i'll be looking forward to seeing you in concert later this fall!
just upped my pledge too! spread the word, tell a friend or two...we can do this....live ep!!!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/glenphillipsfans/
upped my pledge. i'm unemployed right now, and money's tight, but we're so close to getting the extra ep, and i feel this project is worth the money. if everyone bumped their pledge a few dollars we could get toad to the $250k goal. let's do it!
i submitted the distribution form 2 1/2 days ago but have yet to see an email with download instructions. i'd be appreciative if someone could check on this for me. thank you.
soooo excited... toad has been an important soundtrack to my life.
david -- you can pledge for two packages by creating two accounts.  just remember to keep track of your username and password for each account!
just upped my pledge.  i decided the acoustic cd, a live ep and a hard copy of the disc was worth doubling down.  c'mon, peeps.  manage your pledge, skip 2 lattes this week, and throw down an extra $5-10!  a live ep is easily worth $7.  we can doooooooo eeeeeeet!
great album! really enjoying it.
ok, stupid me time. does anyone know if you can pledge for 2 different packages???
just upped my pledge by $50. this album, this experience, deserved that. always hoped toad would come back. this album met and soars beyond what i hoped it could be.
time to get our rally on everyone! advanced statistical analysis (ok, basic math) shows if all backers upped their pledge by $5 and change, we'd get them over the $250k hump and have a live ep to show for it! jump to the next reward level if you can/want, but realize you can always throw a few extra dollars into the pile. look at it this way, if you saw a new live toad album in your local store/on your local itunes, would $5 really turn you away? reeeally? ;)
how do we get the download?  sorry if i missed something obvious...
i have the same comment as gwen...been thinking about bumping up from $125 to $150....what's the difference between the litho and poster?
t-shirt - same or different than the one that will be for sale at concert venues?
hi, i have a couple questions.  for a $125 pledge a litho is part of the package.  for $150 and up a poster is part of the package.  are they the same thing?  if not, what is the difference?  also, a $250 pledge gets you two tickets to an album release show.  are all the dates listed on toad's website from september on album release shows, or are the dates and cities yet to be announced?  thanks.
on my 15+ listen to this great album.  i thought i was familiar enough with toad, lapdog, and glenn, but still discovering some interesting nuggets in the new and revamped material.  great stuff.  i would love to see some behind the scenes vids of how the album came together.  songwriting (and rewriting) too.
i got my download, but i didn't see the 96k option... does that come later? thanks! stephen
so many great tracks on this album. i have been playing this nonstop in my car. trws should be very proud of their work. as a long time fan i am very happy with the new album!
hi craig -- you're welcome. i'm going, maybe i'll see you there.
just curious...i've submitted my info twice using the instructions at this link:  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/toadthewetsprocket/new-studio-album-from-toad-the-wet-sprocket/posts/527776  i still haven't received a download code.  can someone help?  thanks!!
amazing concert in ft. lauderdale friday and i got to meet them afterwards! seriously one of the best moments of my life! i had been waiting to see them since i was 12 years old and it was worth the wait. i'm happy to help fund the band that got me through some tough times when i was a teenager.
thanks rebecca for pointing out the concert update!  looking forward to seeing them again!
i feel this is a 15 song album (one of the best i have ever heard) and am so grateful for the chance to support your project. see you in san diego :)
i am such a huge toad fan. it is an honor to be able to support the guys on the release of their new album. finally had the opportunity to see them live in houston, tx in may! what an amazing, intimate show filled with great music i have loved for years. after meeting the band after the show, i was even more impressed with their love for their fans. thanks guys. can't wait for more amazing music and know that i am already passing your sound on to the younger generation. new fans are on their way
@scott cooper thanks, i knew i was missing something.
love the album cover artwork ( and all the other artwork too!)- for so many of us it has been pleasure to follow and support the campaign ! it has been so much fun watching the unveiling process of the new album and having a chance to listen to it ahead of the release date ... looking forward to seeing you guys in boston!
it's a pleasure and an honor to be a part of 'new constellation' and toad in some small way!  it might be 16 years since your last studio product, but your music has not ceased in my cassette walkman-cd changer-desktop-mp3-ipod-iphone-ipad-laptop-future music media since that first day i listened to pale.  as everyone knows, great music soothes, excites, consoles, empowers, transports, sharpens, enhances, and completes the soul, especially in key life moments. toad does all of that for me. i can see again with clear vision my new bride, early married life leading to college, dental school, vacations, residency, holidays, and my kids growing from little ones to college students themselves as i cycle through my many, many toad/lapdog/glen songs.  thanks boys, for coming along for the ride. for my ride!  let's keep the top down and keep on rolling!  phoenix/tempe!! -tc
i'm happy to support!  they sounded fantastic in ponte vedra beach last week.  anxiously awaiting the signed cd, but wishing i got the t-shirt too.  love the new album!
hey craig -- it is two tickets for los angeles. if you go to the home page you'll see the update about that on there now.   i guess they can't change the pledge category information once they submitted it for the project so that is why it hasn't been updated.
hey guys, thank you for the intimate acoustic song videos in your last two updates.  we love them!  signed cd's and other perks aren't bad, but at the end of day, taking part in your new journey is what's most fulfilling.  compliments to ben ciccati for his beautiful artwork - what a wonderful selection for the grand design of your "new constellation."  wishing all of you the best in creativity and imagination, bruno and brenda ciccone.
i just wanted to tell you that i think the artwork for this album is looking so awesome!
love the new album and the whole concept!  question - does the album release party in los angeles get two people in or just one?  if just one, aren't i better off choosing the other $250 option that gets two tickets and then just designate los angeles as the show we'd like to see?  please help so i can donate more money towards the live album!
@brian hewitt - go here for the download: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/toadthewetsprocket/new-studio-album-from-toad-the-wet-sprocket/posts/527776
only too happy to support you guys. dumb question, should i have already gotten a link to a digital download, or do i need to wait six more days until this thing ends? (i contributed on 7/22.)
$43,000 in 6 days!  a little over $7000 a day!  lets go people i want the live audio!!!
this is the best toad ever!!! and i loved all their music before this new album.
happiness.
i just increased my pledge and wanted to thank you for everything your doing   you've completely engaged me with the music, the videos, the tour, the updates.  you've made us feel like we are part of the project.   i thought i would just be getting a new toad album, but it turned in to much more than that.  thanks for everything.  really.
super excited about this. i just started listening to toad right as news came out that the band was finished. i loved your music all through high school and have so many good memories attached to it. i always wanted more and i am so happy it is finally here.
i backed on 7/17. i have received 2 emails from kickstarter and checked my junk folder, but have been enable to find directions to download.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/glenphillipsfans/
1) are all vinyl copies signed?  wondering about the $50 level. 2) any idea what sort of t-shirt these will be printed on?  i'd love to get one if they are high-quality and sweatshop free. super psyched about the new music!  would love to up my pledge and get some of the other goods too.  hope you'll see and take a minute to answer these questions!
i have absolutely no words to describe how completely awesome this is.
@toad the wet sprocket - $150 package question. are all the three (poster, vinyl and cd) signed by the band? i thought i read somewhere that all vinyls would be signed by the band. thanks in advance.
to the band: congrats on a great album.  it's great, not only because it sounds nice, is of good quality, and meets all my expectations for what a toad album should be, but because you all came together against all odds and inertia, and learned to collaborate again.  i am not one of those audiophile guys who truly knows good sound from bad, but it is really a joy to listen to new stuff from you and to be able to pick out elements of the toad of yesteryear mixed with the toad you have become today.  it's especially great to hear "i'll bet on you" and "finally fading" because it's a good blending of the time spent apart brought back together (and sounding wonderful together!)  see you in charlotte and greensboro this weekend and i'll be listening all up and down i-85.
ten things i love about new constellation: 1. four original band members, with 16 years of additional musicianship, life experiences and renewed appreciation for each others contributions. 2. dean's bass line from 'new constellation' is stellar! it really gets in your head and knocks around for a bit. 3. glen's lyrics are like mini-science lessons: imaginal cells, manzanita trees, astronomy....who else can sneak that stuff into a three minute rock song and make it sound cool? 4. the return of those lush, three part harmonies! 5. glen and todd's guitar playing really meshes on this album. the rhythmic syncopation, the moody swells and crystalline melodies create a lush sonic feast for the ears. 6. speaking of todd and glen, gotta love the versatility of these guys.....todd decides to sing a song, glen rips out a guitar solo, todd and glen complete each other's lyrical thoughts....i'm sure it's hard at times to work out everyone's role in this band, but from a fan's pov, it's sure worth the struggle! 7. the forlorn guitar melody that opens 'enough'....the way glen's raw voice communicates the struggle with addiction and one's self  in the lyrics/singing. randy's h e a v y heart-beating drums towards the end of the song....(shiver) 8. four great bonus tracks. i like to think of new constellation as a 15 track album! 9. simply knowing that the songs will sound great live because toad was never heavy on studio gimmickry and they always cared enough about their fans to put forth the best live performances they could. 10. the fans, for being generous enough to donate to kickstarter, going to shows for all these years and helping a great band return. we help these guys do what they love and make a living. in return, they bring us a little joy whenever we choose to plug in and listen -that's a great feeling!
i made my pledge yesterday but missed the 5 p.m cutoff time,i've got a road trip planned and i'm leaving friday,is there anyway i could get my download code by friday morning instead of saturday? i sure would love to be able to listen to the new album all weekend! thanks
i am very excited for this album and got my download link. however, there doesn't seem to be a 96k option. i downloaded the flacs but they were 44.1k. how can we get to the 96k versions? thanks!
can't. stop. listening. to. this. album!
btw, anyone is welcome to join the "glen phillips fans" facebook group. if you are a big fan of glen or toad (or glen in toad!), like sharing your glen/toad stories, like the fan banter of sofa sunday stageit shows,  or want to make some friends to meet up with at concerts, find us and request to join (it is a closed group, so you must request to join).
hi rebecca and tambra, i put in a request to join the group, too.  i live in norcal and am interested in hearing how this comes together..
found it
you're the best rebecca!  i hate to sound like a twit, but i can't find the group.  i'll keep looking (i think i found you)
tambra -- if you are on facebook, please request to join the group "glen phillips fans" where we are having a discussion on how to make something that might work.
guys i was looking at the delivery date for $250 pledge which allows for a pre-show meet and greet. since it notes september does that mean it could not be honored for the july show in ponte vedra, fl?
sounds great nat!  it would be great if we could get a group of us cali peeps to gather our pennies.  as i mentioned to rebecca, i live very close to santa barbara, which may work to an advantage if we could pull this off.  i'm more than willing to host the event if we did it here.  travel is very difficult on me, so it's really the only way i could participate.   i'm crazed trying to come up with a way to do this!     anyone else interested in pooling our resources for a private concert?    after wracking my brain for a way to get the initial money, i started feeling guilty for being so selfish and trying to figure out how i could get the money, knowing that i could be putting that same effort into earning money toward someone who is truly needy of life's basics.   sigh.    if we can figure something out, i can make myself feel better by matching the money and giving it to a worthy charity.  rambling...sorry, i'm trying to work this out in my head and heart.   anyone in southern california interested in pooling our money for a private concert?    come on, we can all enjoy our favorite guys together!
aww, thanks for the kind words tambra.  :--)  i told rebecca i would come from northern ca and contribute, if she picks a time and location i can do.  but i'm not that rich, so there would need to be a pretty decent sized group going in on the deal.
rebecca, thanks!  i was just coming in to post the same idea since i've not been able to figure out how to fund this myself.  i live just outside of santa barbara and thought it would be an ideal situation for me.  alas, i am poor.  i'd be happy to host it though!
tambra -- there are a few people in socal throwing around the idea of a joint venture for the $10000 package.
seriously wondering what "production costs" entails for the $10,000 package.  i'm quite certain i could handle the transportation costs from santa barbara to ventura.
that's a good deal nat...you're selling yourself short!
tambra.  i'll escort you for 500 bucks plus expenses.
will you announce the dates for the album release shows before the project ends (21 days from now)?  i am all for backing, but live in south america, and will be home for the holidays in seattle from late nov. through late dec.  would be awesome if the dates coincide...keeping my fingers crossed since i noticed no seattle dates have been added yet, and surely won't be left out :)
how much to escort me to my class reunion in ojai, ca on october 5th, 2013 and play a few tunes?   i'm dreaming...
just downloaded the new music this morning and have been listening to it all day. awesome! great music and lyrics. classic toad as far as i'm concerned. well worth the wait guys. thanks so much for being an inspiration in my life. and i've been working boards for over 10 years and i think the mix sounds great.
i have removed my videos from youtube even though a. the band did not respond, and i know they read all the comments because they are helpful to people whenever somebody does not get their download, etc.  so i continue to believe they don't care.  and b. even though a friend of mine may be on the way to becoming a toad fan because of the videos being posted.  see my facebook wall for the conversation if you please.  c.  youtube has built in protections that will easily remove audio from videos when the owner of those videos indicates the desire to do so.  d.  the videos were very clearly ads for kickstarter and toad and intended to be helpful and fun.  now you can relax!  :--)  also, if you need any other causes let me know.  there is some injustice going on all over the place!  :--)   would you like some info on darfur at all?  :--)
soda, no i don't think that at all.  i've already picked up at least one new fan for them in fact, and glen has every track of his solo album on bandcamp to be played over and over.  generally i think being less worried and more generous pays off in the end.  but, i'll wait and hear from the band and go from there.  as i said, if they want the videos removed i have no problem removing them.  meanwhile, i believe they are nothing but helpful.
@nat, while your intentions may have been genuine, don't you think it's circumventing their efforts to raise money by giving away the content they're trying to sell? they've already made one song public ( http://toadthewetsprocket.com/listen/ ), so it's probably safe to assume they have a release plan in mind. i'd suggest you use one of the many live versions on youtube to help promote the project. i spent days surfing for them and they really got me excited to hear the recorded material.
@timothy,  any idea how i can get my local radio station to play new constellation.
will more of the $75 reward options be getting added?
i started listening to toad in '93 and all your music is amazing,  and the songs i write are very influenced by your writing style.  keep the music coming, and lets not have 16 years of no new toad.
i started listening to toad in '93 and all your music is amazing,  and the songs i write are very influenced by your writing style.  keep the music coming, and lets not have 16 years of no new toad.
can i still get a $75 package?  seems like an error that those were limited to 5 and 12...
are the new $75 pledge options closed/locked?
just wanted to say how much i love the new album! you guys sound better than ever! thanks for being part of my life through the years with awesome music!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch…  question:  the video link i am posting here is to the song is there anyone out there?  it's a qualify version from the album.  i posted this on facebook last night, along with a similar one for life is beautiful.  a friend of mine who has never known about toad, listened and then got on kickstarter after saying how much he liked the music.  i made these videos with the intention of promoting the kickstarter, and provided the link to kickstarter.  however, i've been criticized by a couple of toad fans for doing so.  i was only trying to be helpful, and certainly not benefitting in any way by posting these songs.  so i'm checking here.  if i'm told by a told rep to remove the videos, i'm happy to do so.  just way the word.  in my view they are helpful, and i think bands do better when they want to get the music out there so people want to buy it.  you picked up a brand new fan within an hour of my posting it last night.  but you may have other reasons you do not want it on youtube.  if that's the case, let me know. thanks.
just barely a week ago you hit the target of $150k and you just added $24k to it. this is insanely great news. btw, 92.5 the river in boston has new constellation in regular rotation and is getting multiple requests.
guys, is brendan posting spam below?  i'd be careful about clicking on that.
i just add new constellation lyrics to song meanings, what does it mean to you? http://adf.ly/rxh8g
you guys have really put something special together.  after listening to "the moment" about 50 times i am progressing (albeit slowly) through the brilliance of your songwriting and the magic of your harmonies. after waiting 16 years for you guys to bring your fans new music, i don't want to rush through it.  i actually was lucky enough to meet you guys back in '94 when you were touring with geggy tah at st. andrews hall in detroit.  you were all very gracious after your show and took the time to have some real conversations with me and my friend.  i don't think i am alone in saying that your music and lyrics became an integral part of the soundtrack of my life.  i am so thankful that you are back and can't wait to take my children to see you in greensboro as they love many of your songs as much as i do.
@ andrew - hi! i show yours was sent on the 5th. maybe check your spam folder? either way - i have private messaged you your download instructions
todd and company-  thanks for the update! good luck with the new stretch goal, hopefully, we can see the artwork for the shirts soon. also, if you want to go to hawaii, i think you have enough saved up to spend a few nights in the kapua suite. enjoy!
did anyone not receive their download code 7/10??
as it has always been, so it continues to be: the melodies and glen's tone lure me in, then the lyrics keep me there.  thanks, toad, it was worth the wait.
how about $25 for just the t-shirt? i would pay that in a heartbeat.
check out mark mulcahy new albums, i think toad the wet sprocket fan might like it  http://adf.ly/rsxrq
cheek out mark mulcahy new albums, i think toad the wet sprocket fan might like it http://adf.ly/rsxrq
jason -- you read that right. they will be recording acoustic versions of the songs for the kickstarter the backers.
i'll own it...i'm an idiot and jumped the gun asking about my download and didn't realize there was a separate form i had to fill out...so i apologize for buggin out and bothering you guys...but i am super stoked to hear the album...first concert i ever took my wife too was toad, bleu, and alice peacock at the house of blues in hollywood...since then she's been a huge fan too! cannot wait to hear it and share it with her...
did i read correctly somewhere in the updates that since your stretch goal of $150k was reached, there were additional tracks being given to backers? (or am i just crazy and thinking wishfully?) :)
it's been a long time coming but well worth the wait.  thanks for giving us a chance to be a part of it.  can't wait until you roll through texas in support of the new album...
will you guys be touring melbourne australia?
saw you a few years age at starland ballroom in nj. it was awesome!  so glad you're still enjoying it all! can't wait to get the new album! all the best!
well since you guys were the first concert that i got to go to back in "94 and now next week i get to take my son to see you guys in virginia beach, more meet and greet packages would be great and/ or being able to pick a song to have you guys play that night. i know since you will be here next week it wont really be feasible for me but maybe some of the other towns it would be. either way it is all been well worth it , glad you are making new music , i am more than happy that i get to share something that i grew up with, with my son. so thanks and congrats on the success. see you next week.
i really pledged all my budget would allow, but if my physical copy could have been signed at $30.00, i would have pledged that.  i really didn't have the funding right now to go from 25 to 50 for that.
if there was a package where i got to pick the set list for the up coming show i'm going to i would have paid top dollar for it.
how about if you tweaked the $10k pledge to a raffle (+5 maybe) that you could cap at $10k? then again i do not know if kickstarter will allow that. great new music guys, thanks..
autographed lp (for a discount to those who already backed :p )
new packages... first of all... love the album.  what about a stageit show where we get to pick the set list.  (or at least give a list of songs we'd like to hear, and then play from that list).
signed 180g vinyl + downloads (aka: the way a perfect world would always work) cheers!
@ scottie - hi! looks like you just submitted your form this a.m. - so you'll be in the next round! thanks for the support!
i'll never forget the kindness paid to my terminally ill husband by glen, and i am delighted to contribute to this campaign. i only wish gareth were still here to be able to hear it. you guys rock.
@lawrence. the first 11 songs are the new album. 12-15 are the bonus outtakes from the album sessions. the "special extras", whatever those may be, we assume come later once the kickstarter campaign ends
shawn -- it is the august 23 show at the troubadour in l.a. adam - have a look at the tour link toad posted just before yours. it looks like aug. 15 in st. louis at the pageant.
can't wait for the new album! any st.louis dates on the horizon?
congrats on hitting 150k+!
hey guys...so stoked to have had a chance to back you...and have been a fan for 18 years...sadly, i, too, did not receive my code for the album...not sure if i didn't fill out something correctly...i've checked my junk mail folder all day and there's nothin...thanks for your help with this...
more stretch goals coming! :)
@ shawn - we have a few ca shows in august! you can see them all here: http://toadthewetsprocket.com/on-tour/
hey brandon - i just checked and it looks like you submitted your info through the form last night. you should have received your code - check your spam folder and direct message us if you can't find it! :)
listening to the advance download now. in the description below it says four bonus tracks and special extras from the recording sessions. it all sounds very nice, but i guess i don't know what the regular tracks are from the album, what the bonus tracks are, and i don't see any special extras. what are those special extras? do we get those later?
i've been listening to the album everyday since getting my link to download it and love what i hear. i went through my teenager years listening to you guys in the 90's and last year finally got to see you in concert. your live performance was amazing and you even sang a few of the songs on this album which i instantly loved. i'm so happy you guys are having success in this kickstarter campaign and wish you nothing but continued success with the new album. for fans like myself it's so great to be able to hear new materal from one of my all time favorite bands and i think that there is a whole new generation of toad fans just waiting to learn about you.
i'm sorry if i'm overlooking something very simple, but i pledged on 7/2 and thought that i'd have received an email that would allow me download the tracks by now but haven't received anything. i read that backers who pledged prior to 5pm est on 7/2 would be allowed to download on 7/3.. anyone have any info that might help me? i think i received the passcode but where is the site we go to to enter it in at? really looking forward to hearing the new songs.. this band has been an big influence in my musical journey.
loved this band back in the day and was so happy when they came back. saw them about a year ago and it's like they were never gone for 16 years--awesome show. i would love to pledge the $250 if someone can tell me exactly what date in august they are playing in ca.
listening to the album yet again. 16 years never felt so short a time!! toad is back!!
pledged for my sister who was a huge fan- i admittedly used to tease her about 'frog the dry faucet.'  any thoughts as to adding some stretch goals?
great album guys,i dare not say anything to the contrary(please only talk to me in the dark has real meaning here:)be careful or the ttws police will get you in here.lol
this album was worth waiting for! thanks to all the backers who make the $150,000 goal possible for ttws! i'm glad that after all this time there are still plenty of people who appreciate good music from good people. happy july 4th weekend too all, maybe play the new album at your parties and spread the word!
wow!  looks like some pledges came in overnight!  acoustic cd for us!
personally, i’m pretty much in love with i’m not waiting, is there anyone out there and california wasted.  have always loved finally fading, so no surprise there.  can’t decide if i want an impromptu road trip to digest the album over a long drive, or dust off the guitar and figure out how to play everything.
oops, i should have read the liner notes before posting.  todd actually co-writes the lyrics on "i'll bet on you" with glen.  my mistake.  and greyman, yes, you're not being negative at all.  that's why you reposted one of the awful comments people put on facebook, so those of us who didn't read it there could have the enjoyment of reading it here.  i also liked how you had to sarcastically mock my genuinely felt reaction to one of their songs and use insulting terms to describe me, such as "touchy folks" and "so emotional," while hiding behind the mob rules mentality of "we all said," rather than taking personal responsibility with "i said."  i can tell you're an extremely positive person in life.  and that's all i have to say about that.  i don't like getting splinters in my fingers.  it's not a pleasant feeling, just as writing this wasn't a pleasant experience.  so....back to pleasant experiences with toad's new album.
jorge...i like your favorites!
wow i didn't realize anyone posted anything negative..other than a few honest opinions..maybe you touchy folks need to read some posts again before getting so emotional and floating down sublime rivers and such..you must have missed the parts where we all said we still enjoyed the record...maybe you should head over to facebook and see what people are saying over there..such things like " a band that sold 4 million records and uses kickstarter should be ashamed of themselves"...now that's what i call negative..as for myself the moment is worth paying the price of the album alone and is 100x's better than anything out there nowadays...never said i expected it to sound like coil or coil part 2..actually i liked coil less than the all toad's other releases yet it contains 2 of my favorite tracks(amnesia,dam would break)..all i said was that the album as a whole sounds more like glen's solo stuff...this reminds me of when john lennon said the beatles are bigger than jesus...he said bigger not better...just chill guys..no one here has said anything negative as far as i am concerned..just honest opinions..
i am awed at the amount of work and obstacles (personal and otherwise) it must have taken for the guys to do this. i cannot wait to see them this fall in philly after the release of the album. congrats, guys. you deserve it. i've loved you from the start, and love glen's solo work as well.
i'll never understand why anyone would profess to love a band, and then post negative comments on a site like this, other than the idea that splinters lodged in a finger always attract the most attention.  (and i've long understood the net is a place where splinters go to thrive and dominate.)  toad's new album doesn't sound exactly like coil, just as coil didn't sound like fear and fear didn't sound like pale, nor does it sound exactly like "winter pays for summer" and "winter pays for summer" didn't sound like "abulum."  it sounds like "new constellation" and is as good as anything toad has ever created.  glen phillips is easily one of the best songwriters of his generation, and this is one of the best pop/rock bands of the past 20 years.  expecting an album to make you feel like you did when you were growing up would be like watching star wars as a matured adult and expecting it to deliver the astonished rapture one felt as a 13-year-old seeing it in a theater for the first time.  one is bound to be disappointed. i didn't realize "i'll bet on you" was based on a lapdog song, but that just makes it the definition of a toad song, since it was a true collaboration between glen's songwriting and his bandmates' music.  and i still believe it's one of the best tracks on the album, and has quickly become one of my favorite songs of all time.  i can't profess to know precisely what it's about (which is the sign of a great lyric), but the gentle rolling of the guitars, along with glen's apocalyptic verses, juxtaposed with a chorus filled with intense hope and a heartfelt promise, have sent me drifting on my back down a river of sublime bliss for many days now.  i truly love this band for this song, this album, and everything toad and glen have given me over the past two decades.
cheek out this interview with toad the wet sprocket http://adf.ly/rxkx0
ok so here's my proposal for a pledge. how about a signed guitar or cymbal. that would be awesome. congratulations on reaching $150,000. great album guys. i hope there's a new album in a couple years. you are too good a band to not have a new album every 2-3 years!!!!
loveeeee the new album, well worth the wait!!!!! good job guys!!!! favorites right now are the moment and life is beautiful...
if you go into an album expecting it to be one thing, you are more than likely going to be disappointed. that is with every band and artist. and i think it's far too soon for anyone to be reviewing or posting about it, honestly. you can't properly absorb in one week what took 16 years to come to fruition. i remember when "coil" came out i was 16 and wanted desperately for "dulcinea part 2" and i loved the first half of the album but was bummed at "little man, big man" and "throw it all away" because they were "too country". ask me now what the bands masterpiece is? "coil". what's my favorite road song? "throw it all away". life changes bands. and life changes fans. just because something isn't what you expect doesn't make it bad. it just means you need to give it time and enjoy it for what it is and not what you were hoping it could have been
greyman, i was suggesting that the  negatives be expressed elsewhere, that's all.  but it's your choice.  it was just a thought since this is to promote the album.  you can obviously say whatever you want, and people are free to disagree on what they like.
@ nat harris..nice way to chide others for their opinion and then write a book on yours..lol..i don't have to listen to "last to fall" again a few more times or even 1 more for that matter...for what?...just so i can see it your way and force myself into believing i like this tune?..and by the way i was just commenting on how the political\religion topics are usually absent from toad tunes..trust me i bet i have been listening to them as long as you have and really didn't intend this to be a tit for tat on who loves toad more..guess that's what honesty gets you these days.opinion is opinion and each one is different..i love this band and have contributed more than $500 along with my brother contributing as well...i said the record in my opinion is good not great..i don't see there is anything wrong with that, and if a backer of this project can't state his or her feelings toward a project here..then there's something wrong with that.
oh, also, i went to karaoke for the first time in my life a month ago, and one of the six songs i sang was "come down". nailed it. >=)
very happy that toad's back. i've been a fan since the early 90s, and your music got me through a lot of tough times. i will probably pledge at a higher amount once the campaign gets closer to ending and i have a better idea of my finances. question: can we get a sneak preview of the t-shirt art? i really like all the artwork sprinkled throughout the campaign pages...maybe we can have our choice of what image we want? since it's s ks exclusive, maybe it could say something referencing that we're backers?
shout out to lee also for being open minded enough to a. change your mind.  b.  enjoy something that goes against your perspective.  i'm not religious, so friendly fire lyrics only add to the enjoyment for me.  (i do go to church, but unitarians aren't religious in the usual sense.)  i honestly could not get into a christian rock song/band no matter how musically talented they might be.  getting past the lyrics would drive me nuts.  i think it's cool that even though the lyrics do not fit your christian perspective, you can look past that to enjoy the music.
i kind of feel like this is the place to cheer things along, given all the hard work these guys have done and the fact that this is a kickstarter page to promote things.  why not leave the reviews for amazon or something?  on the other hand, everybody is entitled to their opinion.  i think lee was wise to listen a bit and soak it up.  i agree that sometimes a band can be your absolute favorite, and then turn out not to keep up with your expectations.  for myself examples of that are elton john (just not what he was in the 70s i guess), and the counting crows (august and everything after is a work of genius, but i think over the years they declined in quality quite a bit.  others will disagree, and that is fine.)  i just completely disagree that this concept applies to toad.  as for this album, it is definitely a collection of songs that were not all written at the same time, but why does that matter?  i think it's fantastic that they took their time to make it great, instead of just cranking something out to make money.  i disagree that the bonus songs are not as good.  everybody's tastes are different, and my least favorite is get what you want.  i also preferred the faster paced solo version of the eye that i was used to before this album.  the bonus tracks are fabulous in my opinion, and i love the two todd songs a lot. everybody seems to disagree on their favorite songs, which in my view is the sign of a very strong work.   good for you for not blindly following though.  get up off your knees, don't bow your head anymore.  :--)  and go listen to last to fall again a time or two.  it is great!
@lee @jason @dongelen..i agree with you guys...i mean i like this album but the cohesive sound of toad is a bit lacking..its a very mature album but a lot of it sounds like glen's solo stuff..more political and maybe anti-religious(friendly fire)..toad was one of the only bands i listened to in the 90's and this album is still them.didn't really like the fact they are writing with outside people(check the credits)after16 years you know.the album sounds more like a collection of songs written at different times.i'm sure i will get a message from @rob holloway explaining to me how wrong i am..but after supporting this band since bread & circus i feel i am entitled to my opinion as is everyone else.i will not just follow blindly and bless everything they do for the sake of them being my favorite band.i mean just look at why the bonus songs were just that, bonus songs.you can't tell me the band didn't know that "last to fall or i'm not waiting" really are not great tunes, that's why they didn't make it on the actual album..i think the band will maybe never see our comments on here anyway, so maybe all this banter is just for us fans. let's be honest this is a good album but does lack some toad alchemy. and yes,yes, i realize they wanted it to sound like toad in 2013.well if that means glen's solo stuff then it is what it is.the album is good not great, just my opinion.
@scott and kyle - yep, that's right. if you click on the home tab and scroll down and look just below the picture of the new constellation single artwork, you'll find the stretch goal mentioned there. i'm curious to see if there'll be any more stretch goals added when the $150k target goal is reached!
@lee i am probably having the same problem. don't like the album right now, but albums always need lots of time to sink in. i do miss a more experimental production. big fan of remotetreechildren approach, productions is to mor'ish for me. but probably will find and appreciate the songs beneath production later on.
scott - i believe that came at $150,000. it'll get there soon.
okay, i take it back. i did what somebody suggested and let it soak in. this album is really good and will probably get better the more i listen.
does anyone recall mention about a bonus acoustic studio recording to be made available to ks backers?  not sure where i read it, but toad had promised that right?  i burned myself out on the new album already.  i need moar!!
can't stop listening. thanks for the tunes guys! this is the best album i've heard since coil!
will the album be available on vinyl nationally or is that a kickstarter only kinda thing? cause if so i'm gonna have to drum up some more money. lol
they wanted to make an album that sounded like toad in 2013 not toad in 1998. i think it sounds fantastic. it's a combination of that classic toad sound mixed with a bit of the feel of glen's solo work and songs like california wasted remind me of some of the stuff todd and dean wrote as songwriters in nashville a few years ago. it's like the perfect storm of all of their talents. and since they did it without a label this is probably the most true a toad record has been since "pale" in 1990. :-)
great album guys listened to it many times already but i would add that the album seems to feel more like a collection of glen's solo sound ie. the eye,rare bird,get what you want and of course the rework of lapdogs tune..the toad magic is happening on the moment,is there anyone out there...hope there will be a follow up within the next 2 years or so and that it will show more of a combined toad sound like on the moment or anyone out there...sure you have lots more stories to tell together...love the album regardless!
hi! yes - or your display name is fine! just so we know who you are and that you've backed this project. looks like your display name is david scott johnson. np - we got it! thank you!
the form asked for a profile name. i signed on with my facebook.  i don't see a profile name so i just put my email in that box. was that right?
of all the times to move to germany.  been waiting so long for a new toad album and now i can't see the new stuff live.  don't think the navy is going to send me home for this.
not sure if i completed the the download form correctly, as download date came and went.  hope second time is a charm. : )  looking forward to listening.
i love you guys!  have been following you way back when.  just drove from cincinnati to baltimore to see you guys a couple weeks ago.  can't wait to hear this album!  great job guys and thanks for coming back to your fans.
uh-ma-zing! you guys knocked it out of the park with this album. i love the entire album, but have my favorites.... the moment (love, love, love this one!), california wasted, fading out....  all the songs are great! thanks for coming together and bringing such great music to us! can't wait to see you guys out cincinnati area again!
hope i did this right, seemed to have missed out on the 1st round of downloads..fingers crossed for round 2.
i must say a couple of the songs are a little softer for my taste but overall a very good album. there is a more folk sound on this album but a couple songs sound like vintage toad.  i really like california wasted, the moment, friendly fire (anti war), the eye and i'm not waiting. i'm not waiting sounds like a lapdog song.  i hope that it's not another 16 years before we get another album!!!!
i've listened to the album about 5 times now.   these songs are meant to be soaked in over the course of multiple listens...  they are emotional and very powerful..  at first listen i was like "where are the hooks!"  but after several listens i am absolutely in love with the music and look forward to my next playthrough (which will be in a few minutes)
i really dig ''ll bet on you'.  it is the fantastic music to 'see you again' from lapdog's near tonight album, with new, and (better?) lyrics!
@lee.  it's cool if the album didn't quite catch you.  i would like to say give it a little more time.  some fans may be shocked by this but the only album that i liked straight away was dulcinea. b&c, pale, fear, i.l.s. and coil took me several weeks to really get into.  but that is my favorite part about this group.  i like listening over and over till i find the little gems they throw into so many of their songs.
@lee: if i like five songs on an album, i'm more than happy :p (and i love this album :) )
@lee. what a band writes as 17-26 year olds is always going to be different from what a band writes as 40+ unless they were to have not grown and learned as both people and musicians. my favorite album is "coil" and if they made albums like that over and over i'd be over the moon. but as a songwriter and musician i know that can choke a band. i absolutely love this record. the best thing i have learned with all bands is to go into each album with no expectations. because true artists are gonna keep shapeshifting and throwing curveballs to their fans. always have your glove ready :-)
i guess i'll be the first one to leave a negative comment. i'm really disappointed in this cd. aside from new constellation, california wasted, enough, friendly fire (which, since i am christian i don't like the message, but it's still catchy), and finally fading, the tracks sound dull, watered down, and way too laid back. i was waiting for a moment to break up the monotony like a "butterflies", "stupid", "throw it all away", "hobbit on the rocks (or really anything from in light syrup)"... something only toad could pull off. heck, pale was laid back but it was still awesome... this is not pale. i was also waiting and wishing for some harder coil-esque sounds, something to liven it up, which only seemed to emerge in enough. the guitars on this album are light strums , barely heard on many songs underneath the drums (you did a great job, though, randy). after all this time,i really wanted to love this album, and i can respect that this is where toad is now, and i respect all the hard work they put into putting it together, but the album is not what i had hoped for.
@ tom - sorry - it's a ton of work to match all the submissions - we're trying our best to delivery early - instead of waiting until the end of the campaign.
excellent album, guys! it's great to have you back together again! it's been said several times already, but it sounds like you never broke up. thank you for another fantastic recording :-)
so, given this:  "forms submitted by 5pm est on 7/2 will receive an email with a download code on 7/3", if i submitted my form today (7/1), i'm not going to see the code for two more days???  that stinks!  i want to listen to the album now!!  :)
my question is... which one of the band members posts in the comment section here? it could be any one of them, or even all of them. or perhaps they have a person who posts on their authority?
yeah, i have met a lot of toad fans and they tend to be really nice people.  i like to hope that the jerks who still great and inspiring music are few and far between.  there is plenty of garbage music for morons to go steal.
we have the best fans ever! thank you guys :)
brilliant! i've heard your music for so long in various shows, but only recently really looked into you guys more. love your work, and i can't wait to hear your new stuff.
@ adam. exactly!!!! these guys worked their butts off on this and it shows!! i'm with you 1000%!!!
let's try and get to $150,000 for these guys. i think it can be done, even with the copious amount of torrenting going on. we must achieve that acoustic set.
this goes out to the person/persons who leaked the album online:  look, we've waited 16 years for this album to come out. if you've been following the band at all you know how hard they worked on it. now that we have it, we want to continue to hear new music from toad in the years to come. now, i'm not speaking for the band, but looking at history and what has become of the music industry providing these albums freely over the internet to others probably doesn't encourage them to make more. as a huge fan, i want to see them earn every penny they deserve for this record. that goes for every artist. you did not do them a favor by giving it to the masses for free. pay for what you consume.
well done gentlemen!!!
yesterday was all toad, and today i was towed.  no car.  ugh.  well, at least i have good music to listen to at home while the car is being repaired.  yesterday i was away from home and wanted to get back fast to listen.  but i was unicycling with my daughter on the golden gate bridge, so at least i was doing something that rivals the groovy level of a new toad album.   keep up the good work, and make a new album in a year!  :--)
loving the new album. toad is back!!!
downloaded last night and i've been listening since i got up! the entire thing is fantastic!
upped the pledge to $50. you guys definitely deserve it. can't wait for that signed cd!
i actually think the next single material on the album is the eye and is there anyone out there... can't stop playing them over and over again...
my extra time since the drop of the single: "play new constellation daddy.  play new constellation daddy!"  over and over again... my 4 year old, requesting over and over again.  today he says to me as he is listening to it: "i love this song daddy, it makes me so happy."  he went down for his nap to the rest of the record, with a big smile on his face.  he's requested that daddy put it on his mp3 player as well.  great taste...  the kid knows good music!
seriously -- put "i'll bet on you" out as a single after "new constellation."  i can't stop listening to that one, and it's not just because i forgot how to take the "repeat 1 track" setting off my music player.
love it. love it. love it.
hard to believe it's been 16 years since we've been together. i'm smitten with you all over again, toad.
wow...just wow. i loved the title track and have been driving my son crazy playing that song over and over almost unceasingly for weeks now. today, i was gifted with an entire album from ttws that i have hoped for for years and years now. i cannot express how worth the wait it was. i wish, like most of us, that it hadn't taken 16 years to get this new album, but it was worth it to hear how amazing you four sound so many years later. i can't pick a favorite and i don't have "that one track i skip over"...they're all amazing. you guys have outdone yourselves. i'm proud to not only have backed you, but that i have remained a fan all these years, and have been among the first to hear the latest masterpiece. here's to many more to come. absolutely brilliant work!
when i first heard coil in 1997 i was just starting high school. i hadn't met the people who are, today, my closest friends. i couldn't even drive a car. ttws was breaking up -- and i was sad to discover that. guys, your music has helped me through some rough patches over the years and made the good parts better. i've already told you that in person, but it bears repeating. i've been waiting for this album for over half my life. tonight, 16 years after hearing you for the first time, i'm halfway through grad school. i sat down with a glass of johnnie walker blue (truly special occasions only) and my beautiful wife to listen to the first new ttws album in very a long time. i don't think i've got the words to describe how happy i am. "thank you" just doesn't seem to be enough, but that's all i can think to say right now. so: thank you, from the bottom of my heart. i'll see you next time you come to indy. and maybe try to make it less than 16 years before the next album? :)
most times in life when people or things go away. they never ever seem to return. or at least return in the state when they left. most times when bands go away, they return with missing parts or a missing spirit. most times these reunions are just a shell of once was.  sixteen years  ago a band went away. a band i grew up with. a band a grew to love. for sixteen years i wondered if this band would return or could return.  today, this band returned better than when it left. maybe with more maturity and life experience. thank you guys for hanging in there. it kind of gives me and all of us hope of once was still can be. awesome album! i'm totally blown away. thanks ttws ...its nice to have the same feeling when first hearing fear or dulcinea.
ahhhhhhhhhhh
heard "the moment" and "friendly fire" in bend oregon at a concert two years ago and have been waiting desperately for the last two years to hear the studio version (live versions on youtube can't fully do them justice!). it's good to see that the wait was worth it! absolutely fantastic album, 16 years passed and you guys didn't skip a beat.
glen. todd. dean. randy. this album is forged in magic and drenched in glory. your best yet. its beauty is honestly kind of overwhelming. thank you. thank you. thank you. (download worked perfectly, but i don't see the 96k option. flacs were 16 bit. will the 24 bit files come later? not a big deal, just curious.)
it was driving me crazy that i couldn't figure out where i had heard i'll bet on you in the video preview clip. it.s a reworked version of lapdog's see you again off of the near tonight album.
"i'll bet on you" sounds strangely familiar.......  :)
got the download! listening to new toad after 16 years! life is so good...
the eye and the moment.. by far the best!!  awesome album
hugs from k. tews who absconded with her hubby's kick starter profile in over joyous jubilee for a new toad album :-)
good times my friends...my hubby and i kicked back at home...shot a few games of pool and listened to the new album...like being with an old friend but with new conversation...it was awesome...thank you for a great nite...can't wait to see you in concert
amazing album!! lovin' it.
omg, new constellation is so awesome, i can't wipe the huge smile off my face! :d   you guys are so great, can't wait to see you again (sorry, i'll bet on you) in august!  :)
my mistake! it just now showed up in my e-mail...thanks guys! downloading now! ps - (the missing 'h' in "nothing") ----> h
noting in my e-mail either. i went back through the process a second time, so i guess i'll just have to wait and see. for "user name", i just put my real name, as that is what shows on my account profile. checked my spam folder, but nothing there either.  help?
great stuff.  i really like "the eye"  it has a nice groove.  thanks for the hard work
hi kevin - check the backers only update for instructions. you should have gotten an email but i think some may have gone to spam. thanks!
haven't got mine yet?  what did i do wrong? ;(
amazing record guys!!!! love it!!!
wow...   right after getting the download, i barely got started listening, then had family duty... so i am still listening.... ain't that how it goes.... but wow....  the world needed this...  "the moment" grabbed me and hasn't let me go.  "i'll bet on you" is playing now....  this record... incredible guys.  i don't know what to say...
hey @ larry - just sent you a new code as a private message!
got mine 4:46 pm.  who's about to listen?!?!?!
freaking epic!!!! guys....well done!!!! very very well done. so worth the wait. i agree with michael...an old friend and a new friend all at once, better words never spoken:)
so far, so great. it's like an old friend and a new one all at the same time. very much worth the wait.
backed with $25. can't wait to hear it.
very interesting and cool to hear retooled versions of glen's "finally fading" and lapdog's "see you again" ("i'll bet on you") wasn't expecting that!
i got my download code, but after it downloaded, a windows pop up opened up and said the file contains a virus and it automatically deleted it.  i tried it again, but now it says my code is expired.  did anyone else have this problem?  i was so excited to listen to my favorite bands new tunes!
listening now.....glorious day!! :-d
listening to the new cd now... california wasted already has me choking up.  so glad you guys are back.  long live ttws!  :)
code just arrived. downloading now. woo hoo!
i'm with you kelly! it would be worth it even if we had to wait another 16 years! i am enjoying the anticipation.
gimme music! can't wait!!
aweomse points kelly. it's been so long since a whole albums worth of new toad. it has us all excited. we are all like children on christmas day right now. that's a feeling from a long time ago!!!
hey guys, it is rough waiting, but it's really cool anticipation, and we need to remember that we, the backers have been given an opportunity so far ahead of buying public that it really should be making our heads spin. i am as anxious as everyone else, but i cannot help but remember how historic of a time this is in music.  from the days of napster on, the conventional business model (that was corrupt and fake in many places since before elvis) collapsed under the weight of a fan base demanding music to be given to them differently than the suits were willing to entertain.  toad emerges into the new market ready and equipped to come out swinging with the 2013 gloves on.  how cool is that?   we got to be part of being on the inside, at the investors table so to speak, and they made it backer friendly the whole way.  of course, when it has never (that i have seen) been done this big, this quickly, and this "backer friendly" before,  we do run the risk of things not being a minute before the deadlines they tried for, or even may see new deadlines set.  we are still very fortunate fans, our faith is rewarded with the fact that we are waiting for the record to drop today, while the rest of the world is waiting on a release date more than a month from now, and that only considers the end date of this campaign.  i wait anxiously, but i am remembering to wait patiently.  our ttws would like nothing more than to put it right in our hands and watch us smile while we listen to it.  can you imagine how the guys are feeling right now?  they are waiting to be able to give it to us as well!
is it just me, or is this really tough waiting on the songs? it will be worth the wait and be quite blissful i'm sure! after 16 years what's a few more hours, right? thank you guys so much for bringing this new music to us!!!
thanks guys! all sent. probably won't sleep much tonight. i feel 16 again waiting for this to drop!
hi everyone - we will be sending the album out by the eod tomorrow (saturday) :) @rob - please private message us your new email!
does anyone know if there is a way to change the email the download code will go to? my email was hacked and password changed and gmail is being ridiculous about me regaining access to it :-( of all weekends. lol
@rob. appreciate the help.
@scott. it's a song called "i'll bet on you"
totally having a major brain fart. what is the songs at the :26 mark on the kickstarter video? it's when the words "hello again. we're back" show up
counting down the hours now...
70th project backed and it's yours! woot! 16 years! a lot of stuff happens during that time. i'm looking forward for the album.
thanks, guys.
same comments as mmorse............
yep couple more days to go!! so excited
excited to hear the album. posting this to learn what my kickstarter name is...
yay, it went through!
from toad in the comments on update #7: hi everyone!  whatever name displays below when you post is fine :) thank you! re: a confirmation - the onscreen "thank you" and distribution schedule means that it went through! thanks again!
hey dean!  this is great news!  do you think you guys might post the track listing before saturday?
@elizabeth i'm having the same question. my kickstarter account is linked to facebook so my profile on here just shows my full name. i'm using that and hopefully that works. :) i'll keep checking in here to see if the band makes any clarifications about the form.
how do i know what my "kickstarter username" is?  is it the name that appears above my comment here?
new toad!
cannot wait!
heard the song over the radio yesterday.  sounds great!
can't wait to hear all of the new tracks along with the bonus tunes.  thanks for the music guys!  please come back to infinity hall in ct.
@paul, thank you so much. i really appreciate it!
hi audrey, i'm not sure if new backers get an email with a link sent through automatically.. but if not, just click on the updates tab at the top of this page, scroll down to update # 4 (june 13th) and click on the link there, this will open up the soundcoud page and there's a download button on the left below the song.
i'm a backer but can't figure out how to download the single. help! (sorry, feeling a bit inept at the moment.) :-/
really happy for you!  my husband and i (then boyfriend) saw you at the arlington in 1995 with hootie and the blowfish. what a great time!  back then, we didn't have any money and went with tickets that we won from a radio contest..
can't wait to hear the new album!  all the best in creativity and imagination, bruno & brenda
i just went on amazon and did a review of the single we all got.  i told people to get over to kickstarter and pledge!  hope it alerts people to the new album!
anyone know who is responsible for the artwork for this release?  i really like it.
i pledged at the $100 level over the weekend but didnt get anything about a download so i shelled out the extra buck to download from itunes!   hope that helps the coffers!
i think ya'll are gonna have to come up with some new stretch goals :)
you can download the song to your computer then upload it to your phone.  that's what i did so i can blast the awesome new single as i drive around town!!
hey @scott - soundcloud doesn't allow for mobile downloads. i can send the file to your email if you send me a direct message. thanks!
why can't we download the song on mobile device?
hello les toad ! ça y est, je viens de contribuer à la réalisation de votre nouvel album, et j'en suis très heureux, j'attend ça depuis si longtemps de ma lointaine france. je vous embrasse et j'espère vous voir un jour sur scène !
time to start bugging the radio stations to play "new constellation"!
100.000 !!!! ^^
i'm not sure when they put it up, but there is another update in the "details" section.  looks like a misfile.
yes and i agree with you 100% nat...just a small update would be enough to satisfy me and so many others at this point...it's only out of love for this amazing band that i am so crazed at this point...they have been with me the better part of my life and i thought we would have to wait until september originally...until i saw that e-mail about it being just days instead of months..and i'm sure you,me and others think these last few days have felt like months..lol..we need help!!
i agree jason!  i think it would be nice if they would send an update out.  i heard they have had trouble on the road so the delay makes sense, but with hundreds of people waiting a little update on when the album is expected would be polite and kind of them.
now that would totally suck!...i fear what was supposed to be days as indicated by the e-mail we all received will turn into weeks....these last few days have felt like weeks already...could you imagine having to wait 16 years and then expect a new album in days and then suddenly be told it will be weeks more....on the verge of a breakdown here can't you tell?..lol
wait, does that mean we're not getting the digital album now and have to wait the $150k mark?
yeah, i think im saving a little more, if only i could add & subtract!  at least pledging was easy lol!
i traded my trip to ireland to pledge $1500 towards getting the guys back to us!!!  im a single mom, my son adam is in college, so breaking the news to my family had to be done in a public & very well lit place lol, we are irish, things get a bit nutty. but i presented my decision as actually a money saver, ireland was going to run me around $5k, saving me $2500.. they totally bought it lol!.  i weighed the pros & cons & there was no doubt, ireland is on my bucket list, but toad on the road, and i get a day, ok, everyone all together... 'no brainer"  im so excited as all of us are... hope our love accomplishes smiles, hugs, tears of joy & fun :)  fun  :)   fun  :)  to everyone of my new friends here on kickstarter,  we did it!!!  yay!!!!!!   as glen says, be well.  i like to say i love you & wish you happiness.
almost 100,000 and only six days in. so happy for you guys and hope you make enough money to properly promote this album. you deserve it.
we love you!!! xoxoxo dara, ruth and john
the first time i heard a note from toad they got me out of class. they were playing outside at the campus of the university of missouri-st. louis (out supporting bread & circus!) and we were about 20 minutes into class when toad started up rather loudly. the prof gave a disgusted look out the window and said "i'm not gonna try to compete with them. you can all go." i tell that story because i'm so excited to hear more from them.  simply awesome.
had to go for the $500 level (the most i have ever pledged in kickstarter) since walk on the ocean is my favorite song of all time, any band. wish i was wealthy enough to do the personal acoustic set, but i had the next best thing - when fear was being promoted, toad did an acoustic set at my local record store, didn't even know about it in advance, just walked in on it. still have the autographed poster :-). so glad to see you guys get back together!
now if we can get that digital download magically appear in our inbox...
it's true, it's damn true.
@nat: it's true!
i want that acoustic album. for real.
i heard toad had a new album coming out.  is this true, or just a rumor?  anyone heard anything?
so excited! can't wait until the release.
ohhh, rebecca.  it's been killing you to keep that under wraps, eh?
so glad this going so well. love the toad always!  here's a little treat now that the album version of new constellation is out on the rolling stone site, i figure it is time to get the rocking live version up on youtube. http://youtu.be/f4edla4zysw  enjoy people!
first ever ks i backed. glad to have new music.
cleveland/akron date please???!!!
oops, i just saw it at the 150 level, which is sadly out of my reach at the moment.  oh well.  i'll have to see if i can scrounge up another 100 or so dollars in the next two months :)
very glad i decided to check kickstarter when i did!  i was curious if there was some way, short of creating another account to pledge twice, to get both the vinyl and the cd.  i don't know that many others would go for it... but personally, listening to vinyls is amazing, but i like having the cd for the improved quality a lot of the time. anyways, if there's any way for me to get both on one pledge, i would gladly throw more money at you all :)
so excited. cant wait!!! glad to have the opportunity to be a part of it...
congrats, guys! glad to see this is gonna go pretty big!  :)
frankly, i would have given you the money without the promise of new music, based on all the years of smiles you've given me and my family.  now, we just need to get you guys to come to st. louis as soon as possible.
very happy for you guys. response is tremendous. see you tomorrow night in brooklyn.
the way this is blowing up it has to be a kickstarter record!  amazing!!!
this is my first crowd sourced endeavor.  i'm really excited to contribute.  only wish i had $500 laying around to get the lyrics package.  i will not take these things for granted is an important song for my wife and i...maybe i can kickstart to get the funds for this kickstarter?  i smell a ponzi scheme a-brewing...
haven't been this excited about checking total monies raised since the "save walter white" campaign started laundering money. keep that bell ringing!
already at 67k and only 2 days in!  this just goes to show you how much people still love this band, and how relevant they are not only in the business, but in our lives.    ;)
well this is the first kickstart i've backed, don't know the details but from the other posts i'm assuming you're recording another album after nc, moving to texas and touring some more...i mean this is going to be 300k+ if this keeps up.... sweet!
it is an honor to be a part of this. we have missed you so much.
yahoo!  i'm really glad they are giving us the download sooner than later.  such groovy guys!
i'm shocked that you're shocked that there is so much love for the band. ttws is special. if i had to qualify my life in 5 songs they'd be all toad - high on a riverbed, stupid, little heaven, throw it all away and probably duck and cover...does that one count? anyway, thanks for giving us all another lot of songs to get us through our days.
i am so happy to be able to contribute. i have hope for music of the future now that i know there are others who appreciate fine musicianship, song crafting and great vocals with harmony. i am so looking forward to this recording and tour.
i stand corrected as per update #2 from the band! digital download here in a matter of days.. nice!
been waiting for this album for soooo long !
paul's probably right - according to rolling stone the album is scheduled to come out 9/17. we'll probably get our downloads on or around 8/4, which is when this kickstarter ends and will then be officially "funded" (once we're charged). the descriptions were a bit misleading though, at least for those of us who aren't totally familiar with kickstarter.
@darrell yes, the kickstarter continues for another 59 days.  when projects meet their goals, usually more goals are added on called "stretch "goals"  an example would be something like "if we raise $60,000 we'll record another song for the album"
congrats to you guys!! how about throwing in a t-shirt with the 150$ package, please pretty please?
per that lil note on the right "this project will be funded on sunday aug 4, 5:36pm edt," it seems we won't be downloading til aug. 4.
so do they just keep raising money for the next 58 days?  or does this thing close down eventually?
much as i'd like to have the download tonight, i'd be really surprised if paul wasn't right.
yay!
aaaaaoooooo there it is brothers and sisters! =d
congratulations, toad!  i can't wait to see you in wilmington on sunday!
50k! done!
there must be a way to automatically process all the payments once the goal has been reached and then send a mass email to all backers with d/l info? additional backers would get their digital album right away.
makes sense paul... good point.
for those expecting the download within a matter of hours, i would have to say i'm not sure about that :) i've never used kickstarter before but my understanding is that pledgers do not get charged until the end of the campaign period and it doesn't make sense for them to send out digital copies before then for a couple reasons 1) nobody has paid anything yet, so what's to stop you taking the download, cancelling your payment card, and walking off into the sunset with new toad music? 2) as soon as digital copies of the album are out in the big bad world, like it or not, it'll inevitbaly end up on torrent sites.this would be damaging to the kickstarter campaign if free digital copies of the album were available elsewhere illegally during the campaign period. i can't see download copies being shipped until after the campaign has officially ended on kickstarter and i would imagine the band would want to keep the campaign running for at least a few weeks so everyone who wants to gets a chance to pledge. just my two cents worth and i hope i'm proved wrong ;)
thank you for making awesome music!  you guys were gone far too long.
my goodness, you are so loved!
just in time for me to burn it to cd so i can listen to it in the car with the kids after i pick them up at daycare! haha! they're 4 and 2 and they already love toad, especially brother!
at this rate we'll have it in the next hour or so!! :-)
really looking forward to the new album! this is my first pledge to a kickstarter campaign - thank you for letting us be a part of this!  can't wait to see you on tour!
i wonder if the "special extras" are demos from the recording sessions? something else?
yes, we should have it tonight.  they said "when funded" or a week before release.  some are saying that by "funded," they mean the project end date of aug. 4th.  but that  makes no sense to me, because if it were not funded by aug. 4th, the project is over and everybody gets their money back.  that leaves no "week before" option. so as far as i'm concerned, the album should be given out when they reach the goal.
hey this is great!  toad on cassette tape in my sony walkman was my soundtrack to a 5-month backpacking trip around the world i did back in '93!  i was at your concert in san francisco where you announced randy was getting married.  this takes me back.  just signed as as a backer.  good luck!
wow, are we going to get the album tonight? less than 5k to go!
i've been a fan since jr high school. you gave me a soundtrack for my life. you also happen to be the nicest, most down to earth group of guys on planet. always taking time to say hello after the shows when you come to connecticut. wish i could do more but so excited to be even a small part of the process with your new album. awesome.
you have no idea how much i want to do the $10k donation...i think i could die a happy woman if toad played a show in my back yard...seriously, i'm giddy just thinking about it, haha. i'm working on some friends to see if we can pull something together :)
love what i heard during the video! you guys were my band during my twenties and i am so unbelievably grateful you are together again, touring and recording new music! i never got to see you live the first go around, but saw you at the basin music festival two years ago! please come back to washington! love your music!
certainly the most i have ever pledged to a kickstarter campaign, but you guys deserve it. i pirated bread and circus and pale back in high school, so this should make up for it, right? right?!
i've been waiting on this since i saw you guys open for hootie a couple of years ago in charleston.  can't wait to hear the album in it's entirety, and i hope this only leads to good things (and more albums) for toad!
and 1 question:what the amount needed to bring you to israel? :)
happy to support!!! love that band since i was a child...
i have never pledged this much to a kickstarter project before but damn!  this is too awesome.  never thought this would happen but so glad it did!  it will be mine.  oh yes, it will be mine.
this is awesome! if the rate of donations keep up, those of us who are due the digital upload will be listening to the new album within the next 24 hours! sweet!!! hey guys... bring the show to dayton!
toad has been my favorite band since i was a teenager. i'm so excited you've put together another album :) i've done my part to spread the word - here's hoping for much success! i hope to see you guys on tour - come to the northeast again soon!
omg, i was so excited to see ya'lls kickstarter today! i couldn't pledge fast enough, lol. this will be the 3rd music ks i've backed, the other 2 being for lester chambers cd and paula cole' s independent album "raven".    the music on your ks video was amazing! will be telling my friends about this too! wishing ya'll the best from oklahoma.
so happy to be a part of making this moment happen for you and for all of us fans, i only wish i could give more!  congrats on the new record, i know you're as excited as we are!  see you on the road.
thanks for 25 years of great songs. some of my best college memories and special events have a toad soundtrack. happy to pledge if only to say thanks for that. some of my favorite la memories are glen's shows at largo...your french fans say hi... let us know when you need help putting your french tour together :)
thank you for allowing us to be a part of this!  looking forward to a new album and new tour dates (possibly in las vegas??), and sharing great independent music!  can't wait to hear the new material.
i am so pumped for the new album! august cannot get here soon enough!!!
i promoted this on my atheist fb page which has 56,000 members, and it's already been viewed by 4,000.
can't wait, i am so pumped and elated for the new album, and i love that you guys are doing this independently and driven by your love for making music together and the love of fans for your music.
nearly halfway there in one evening, means the music is ours in no time.  woohoo!
i am promoting this to everyone i know. i am looking forward to the new album and i can't wait to finally hear the new songs. if there is anything i could do to help you, just let me know.
thanks for letting my wife and i be a part of this! you guys played a big part in getting us together!
thank you for the opportunity to allow us to be a part. we are so excited about the project and look forward to singing along at a concert near cincinnati/northern kentucky soon.  angela & jeff
i would love a shirt add on option!  =)  seriously can't wait to hear new songs after 16 years!!! =)
proud to be part of this! you guys have been a huge part of my life! when you get big again...don't forget the little guys that were there all along!
very gratefully pledged! i'm so excited to hear the finished product, and am honored to be a part of it!! thanks for making the new album and touring!! toad forever!!!!!!!
i'm in.  thanks!  i wish i could be at the brooklyn concert, but alas, it was not meant to be! come back to new york soon!!!
thanks for making a new album!! i am so excited to hear the album and can't wait to see you all on tour!
see ya'll at the windjammer at the isle of palms, sc!  :)
my awesome husband and i pledged separately to get the signed cd and the t-shirt - can't wait to get my stuff!  love toad!
can i pledge another 50 and get a second shirt, that way my wife and i do not fight!
would love to combine options, like signed cd and t-shirt, but... i figure you'll be on tour and i can buy the t-shirt at your show, right???  come to slc soon!
this is fantastic!  i would like to see options to add t-shirts or other pieces onto a package.  that would help out myself and mandy.
obviously i mean can't. don't like cats....
i'm officially a part of this. can't wait. the new tunes sound awesome!  cat wait!
i'm in for one-fifty & so glad to have you guys back!  you have been sorely missed.  :)
so excited for this album!  one question: why no vinyl and t-shirt reward? only one or the other.
