still waiting!
i'm still waiting as well.
i see you have the time to produce a new album, but not the time to fulfill an obligation to those who pledged financial support to you: http://pitchfork.com/news/48171-ducktails-announce-new-album-share-track/ disgusting.
september 29, 2012. still waiting...
august 22, 2012. still waiting...
there have been some problems with a repress of the vinyl, i've been waiting on that for a while. i'm so sorry to keep you all waiting. email at mmondanile@gmail.com !!!!!
for anyone that has not yet received the package. i am deeply sorry for the long wait, please let me know again. i am pretty positive most people received there packages. anyone that hasn't please let me know. also, for the people that pledged for me to play a show, i will perform for you this year , we just need to arrange a good time!
agreed. i definitely won't be supporting any future efforts by either matthew mondanile or kickstarter.com. what a scam.
i donated quite a lot of money to this kickstarter campaign, and nothing. everyone comes out a jackass on this endeavor. my attempts to contact matthew have not been successful.
yep, still waiting here, too. way to completely disenfranchise your fanbase, matthew.
still waiting. kickstarter won't do anything and can't hold a creator accountable at all. so, it's pledge at your own risk.  no responses from matthew to any requests. so ridiculous!
tsk tsk hahaha
anybody else still waiting for their pledge package? this is not the first project i've supported on kickstarter, but it'll likely be my last. can't believe i have been ripped off by matthew mondanile like this. he reached double his funding goal and in return? no responses to emails, no updates. thanks for nothing. literally.
... still... waiting...
???
yep. still waiting. jesus...
anyone else still waiting for a $50 package?
still waiting on the $50 package. any chance i'll ever see it? i'll settle for a refund at this point...
i got mine today but it didn't come with the postcard.
i got it today, finally. the 12'' is warped and there is no postcard. worst.
mind you, the hand written postcard didn't come with the package
arrived in glasgow today.  looks so pretty.  thanks matt
arrived today. i'm in portugal.
it arrived over the weekend
one month since my last comment (8 months since the funding goal was reached)... still waiting.
weirdly enough, the record turned up this morning...
nothing in manchester...maybe he'll bring all the english ones here when real estate are over touring.  who knows?
still nothing for me either
nothing arrived in bristol - i'm sort of glad i'm not the only one it hasn't arrived for.
and still nothing in scotland
still not got mine in england :(
nothing either..
still haven't got mine either.
zilch... still haven't received mine.
still haven't gotten mine either
still haven't gotten mine as well (in arizona).
still haven't gotten mine (in ohio). should i be worried?
matt - nice work.  just added this to my top 25 of 2011.
woohoo! thanks matt!
got mine today in san francisco, mailed from nv
got mine today. addressed from hamilton road
anyone get theres yet?
no worries matt. just keep cranking out awesome tunes like "it's real"
hey guys, i'm really late sending a lot of these out i am really sorrry about this but it's a one man operation and i have been touring a lot this summer. i am about to go on tour until august. 10th so expect your packages after then.
i haven't got mine yet either
i haven't got mine yet.
i haven't got mine yet.
has anyone received their package yet?
awesome! just hoping you got my address change.
hey dudes,   the record is at the plant, it will be done in a week or two then i will send out your packages!
any more news on this buddy?
hey matt, i'm new to kickstarter, and looks like i missed the chance to back this project. is there anyway your still pressing some of these vinyls, because i would love to support a vinyl release of yours. please comment back!
hey matt, really pumped this got off the ground. i also need to change my shipping address. how do i contact you?...i can't figure out how do it on amazon
yes michael you can change your address. just email me. with the change or update your amazon payments thing.
can't wait!! the duck man's never killin my vibe.....but quick question: is it possible to change my shipping address than what i submitted on amazon? thanks!
can't pay for your airfare here (funny thing, try to break into the arena that is event management without a degree here and you have no fucking chance. yeah, i'm a broke event promoter going back to uni to get his degree cos he followed his dreams and failed. thank god i have a midi keyboard and keep hoping that one day i make a hit... / end rant about broken dreams), but i can sure as hell tour you here in australia...
really excited about this. all of the ducktails releases thus far are so great.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
wish i had 500 dollars to donate man
i'm so pumped for this single. can't wait for it!
aah yeah!
giving money to matt mondanile is the new great american pastime.
sweet, your backed! congrats.
so pumped for this. new jersey loves ya!
