still not like received . please let me know thank you
karen please contact me in regards to when i will receive my recap order from the kick starter program.  today is 7/31/2015 and i have not received it.  thank you
it's great to see the reviews written last fall, and now there's this facebook campaign. did i miss the product release?
great to hear the products meet your expectations but i'm having issues with backerkit too.
karen please contact me re: backerkit
hi, any update on shipping?
any date when these will be sent out? can more be added to my order?
have you sent the survey regarding color and small vs large holes? i switched e-mails the first week in march, and maybe  it was lost. thanks, and so excited to receive my caps!!
two friends of recap have their own kickstarter projects going on right now.  please check out: quilter binder winder: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/easybindingwinder/the-easy-binding-winder togojar: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1850622587/togojar-mason-jar-containers-for-storge-travel-and…
so glad to see this got funded! yay!
way to go, karen!!  your hard work and perseverance is showing great results. continued success to you and your team.
congrats on meeting your funding goal.   happy to see a fellow erieite doing well.
hooray! you're funded. i can't wait to get my cap (and order more!)
so excited you made it this sounds like an awesome product and i can't wait to have mine!! i wanted to know what the tags are? is that just something to paste on the mason jars?   thanks and congrats on making it!!!
@james, thanks for your support!
didn't expect to fund this one but your presentation was fun! i was also wondering about adding shakers to the maven but i see the answer now. the goal is closing in quickly!
@diana, we have to fulfill the orders as described.  extra caps will be available for purchase at the time of the final survey.  thanks for supporting us!
the tags are super cute, but not sure i'd use them.  any chance of trading them for an extra cap or two?  i pledged for the #3 option.
@betsy, $1/each. we will offer the shaker at this special price for kickstarter backers. once the project is funded we will send out a survey that will allow you to add extras to the "cart".
i am happy to pledge the mega maven, but want to know how much it would cost to add some shakers to that as well.
@sarah, the counter ring won't work with existing pour caps.  we plan to make changes to the pour cap next year that will allow it to work with the counter ring and screen.
so i'm curious, will the counter ring work paired with the pour cap as well as the flip cap?  it would be nice to date salad dressings and sauces.
@shannon, we are close to making it!  please continue to support the project by spreading the word on social media and with friends and family.  thank you so much!
i looks like you are going to make it!!
@persis, thank you so much for your pledge!  you will be able to specify what you need once the project is successful and you receive the survey.   karen
i have just upgraded my pledge; i would love to have the erica added to my already chosen prue reward. is this possible? btw, i love the flip caps (and made a bulk order of 80 caps) because i wanted to introduce my friends to them. they are a huge success! many thanks.
wow, that's fantastic!  we will have lot's of colors to choose from once we go into production.  so glad she likes the pour cap too :-)
my wife was using her standard recap lid this morning (one of the pink breast cancer awareness ones that i picked up at the mason jar company open house (so i guess that would be version 2 or 3?)) and told me that she was really liked that the spout lid stayed in place when she opened it. i told here that was a feature not a fluke (as i remember you talking about that, karen - good call). she then told me that she really wished there were an option for a bigger opening that she could use to scoop out the contents of a jar because she really hates having to deal with standard lids. coincidentally i just received your last update in my email and showed her that, yes, in fact, such an option was in the works! she was thrilled. i upped my backing from $25 to $99.
