@ jimbob glad to here that you are getting some decent weather! i don't have any videos out yet but i will send you an e-mail right now to help you get it set up! thanks! jason
hi jason, now that we finally have some decent weather here in the uk i'm trying to set the hammock up but i'm struggling with the ridge line and fabric tensioners. is there a youtube video or similar showing how to put it up as i'm not having much luck with the instructions. thanks james.
awesome hammock, easy to setup, comfortable and very durable you tell can just by pulling on the fabric.
such a great hammock, very comfortable. i have beed using mine as a bed for the last 5 nights and am loving it so far, not back issues etc whatsoever. great work 'go! outfitters'
love this hammock! easy to put up. so comfortable & extra roomy! very pleased!
these hammocks are simply fantastic! we've been enjoying ours over the weekend.
@ joseph thanks for the feedback! i am happy that you are enjoying your hammock! @ koen thanks for the kind words!
got my hammock over the weekend and i love this thing. i'm look forward to me hours of me time in it. the fact i can
got my hammock over the weekend and i love this thing. i'm look forward to me hours of me time in it.
got my hammock over the weekend and i love this thing. i'm look forward to me hours of me time in it.
i got my hammock last week and was very pleased with the upgraded suspension and the added ridgeline. installing the stuff was a fairly easy, although i missed the loops in the net for the ridgeline the first time. unfortunately the stitching of the seam in the hammock wasn't good (probably a manufacturing defect). i made some pictures and sent them to jason. he replied immediately and offered to replace the hammock for free. within the hour i received the track & trace #.  i'm very happy with this and think this is an example of how people and businesses should interact with their customers. i'm looking forward to many hours of happy hammocking! thanks jason!
attaching the ridgeline and tension cords was a little tricky, but i figured them out.  then i took it outside and set up my hammock stand which was pretty straight forward.  setting up the hammock on the stand was easy.  i then had to adjust the stand length and height and the straps a bit to get the height right, but it works great and will be super easy to just string it up and relax and enjoy next time!  works great, thanks for an awesome hammock!
@bj glad it helped. thanks for your feedback! i hope to post some tutorials soon. thanks! jason
ah-ha!  that makes much more sense, i totally missed that my objective was that i needed to basically fish the yellow line through the sewn channel, thanks!  a video would definitely be helpful for this part.  even finally understanding what i was supposed to do, it took me awhile to adapt that larks head knot for this application and, fishing the yellow rope through the sewn channel took a bit too.  the critical part i was missing on the larks head knot was that it needs to go through the loop, not laid across it like the example in that link shows. i should be all set now, i'm going to go out and test it out now!
hi bj, thanks for your question about replacing the rope loops. there is a sewn channel on each end of the hammock. you will be using the  gray rope loop to pull the yellow rope loop through the end channels. connect the loops together  with a larks head knot as in fig. 2 and 3 of the user guide. here is a link about the larks head knot. http://www.free-macrame-patterns.com/larks-head-knot.html pull the knotted end of the gray loop which will pull the yellow rope loop through the channel.  remove the gray rope and larks head the yellow loop as in fig. 3 of the user guide. please let me know if this helped. thanks! jason
i got my hammock a few days ago, but i'm really struggling to figure out how to replace the stock rope loop/carabiner with the yellow rope loops.  i'm looking at the picture of how the stock loops should be set up, and mine don't look like that at all.  in the stock setup it shows a single pair of ropes coming off the end of the hammock, but mine has two pairs.  one of the pairs has a knot tied in the end of it, so i'm not sure what to do with this to make it look like the picture or install the yellow loops.
so keen!
@sawadee glad to hear it!!! enjoy:)
just got mine delivered at work. looks great! can't wait to set it up in the backyard tonight..... great job....
@matt. we are still waiting for them to be released by customs. it should be any day. when we receive them, i will post an update. jason
any updates on the arrival of the cargo and shipment status of rewards?
@jon the hammocks have arrived in the port of miami and we are just waiting for them to clear customs. we hope to start shipping soon! jason
hi, have you started shipping out my orders? i am going for an outfield training next month and hope to use the hammock then.
@kirk production is complete! the hammocks on a cargo ship and should be delivered by the end of this month. we have all of our shipping supplies ready and will start shipping as soon as they clear customs. jason
any updates on production or shipping time?
@jason thanks! hang loose:)
happy national hammock day !
legends!
@cameron good news! production is completed! the cargo ship is scheduled to leave on july 25th and we should be receiving them about 30 days after that! i can't wait to get these to you and all of our awesome backers! jason jason
how is production coming along? all on schedule to finish today or tomorrow? :)
good to receive the update.
great update! thank you
@antony glad to hear that you are stoked about the hammocks! we have been working hard to get rewards filled asap. i will be posting an update soon to keep you all informed about the progress! thanks! jason
is it delivery time yet? i'm like a kid on christmas eve waiting! ;)
@amanda  glad to hear that your are already scoping out potential hammock spots! you did it correctly and are confirmed for a bug net complete system. thanks! jason
i am super excited about receiving my go! hammock! i keep seeing everything around me as potential hammock anchors! also, when i filled out the survey, i was a little confused about what to select to receive the bug net attachment that i had previously changed the pledge price for. when the survey asked me if i wanted to purchase it, i ended up selecting no, to avoid paying for a second one. now i am not sure if i filled it out correctly. thank you for your time and patience! :)
@missyour mark  i forgot to answer your question about the rainfly. i have built some prototypes and am still tweaking the design. we will be making it with premium materials so that it will be a reliable, durable shelter. the biggest challenge will be meeting the minimum order requirements.  i will keep backers informed on the progress by e-mail. backers will certainly be offered the rainfly at a special price, because without our backers, there would be no go! hammock! jason
any progress update on the rain cover accessory? is there an estimate yet how long that might take to create?
@shane thanks for letting me know about the issue you are having. please read missyourmark's comment and see if that helps. if you are still having trouble please send an e-mail with your details and choices and i will manually update your reward. thanks, jason
@missyourmark  you are confirmed for bug net and ridgeline.  thanks for responding to shane! i really appreciate your help:) jason
shane, i am having the same trouble with the kickstarter app on my ipad. when i try to fill out a survey, i select a certain section/field by touching it, and the cursor shows up in the middle of the field instead of the beginning. also, it won't recognize anything that i type, it just doesn't move. if this is what is happening to you, i found a solution. if you look in the upper right corner of the keypad, there should be a "left arrow" and a "right arrow" symbol (they are also the same symbols for "greater than" and "lesser than"). these are used for skipping from one field to the next. just click on the field before the one that you are having a problem with, and then use the "next field" button (right arrow) and it should set you up correctly in the right field so that you can enter your information.
your survey won't let me enter an email so i can't complete the form. i'm using an ipad not sure if it matters.
i also would like to confirm that i have the bug version upgrade, but i was also wondering if you had any progress updates on the rain/snow/wind tarp accessory? any idea when that might be available? and will kickstarter backers get any kind of special discount on it (sorry if that sounds greedy)?
@ zach confirmed! thanks jason
just want to confirm that i have the bug net version as well. thank you!
@ joseph i have been updating backer's rewards in our database as they upgrade. no further action is required who have upgraded to the bug net version.  i double checked your reward you will be receiving the bug net version. thanks, jason
upgraded to the bug net version on my pledge by nothing on the backer form to indicate this, only to purchase on the website. do you have a way for notification or will this work?
@matt so far so good but don't have firm dates yet. i will be posting updates on the progress. jason
shipping still set for july?
@cameron thank you! we should be sending out surveys this week.
@emily thanks for the kind words! i really appreciate your support!
congratulations on such a successful campaign! should we have received surveys yet?
jason,  i'm chiming a bit early so that i can be the first to congratulate you on a great campaign and what looks to be a great hammock; it will be the first one i ever even try!
@marv your space will be fine, especially if you can put the hammock in the center of your balcony:)
damn, i have about 30cm less space on my balcony. will see how it works . could you give us the packed specs of a fully loaded bug net hammock?
@marv sorry, i misunderstood your question. you clearly asked the required width! i would recommend a minimum width of  75"  for maximum comfort. you could get by with less but if it's too narrow it will limit the amount of an diagonal angle you can position your body in the hammock.
i was asking about the width, not the length. i also want to use it on my balcony, which is long but narrow.
@guy thanks for the clarification! to avoid confusion in future campaigns, i will do everything in whole dollars:)
@marv thanks for your question! when set up with the recommended amount of sag, the hammock takes up just over 9'. i would recommend a minimum space of 11', to give you some to space to connect the suspension. the length would be the same whether one or two people are using the hammock.
@cameron great question! we have added the fabric tensioner loops to the bug net version of the hammock! you can use the hammock indoors, without the bug net by moving the ridgeline from inside the net to outside the net and flipping the hammock over so that the net is on the bottom of the hammock. you can use it with or without the tensioners. if you want to use the hammock indoors with the bug net, you can tie the shock cord to furniture or other objects. jason
one question: what is the minimum clearance width of free space that i need for it, when using as a single person and with two people in it? i would also like to know the answer to cameron's question.
even the website version rounds up my $145.99 pledge to $146, but when i go to manage it, it's back to $145.99.  weird.
i was using the kickstarter app - on the full website it does allow pennies - so i was both right and wrong.
hi guy, thanks for our comment! many backers were able to add the $.99,  so  i was not aware that some people were having this problem.so thanks for pointing it out! the length of the go! hammock is the main variable that makes the go! hammock so comfortable. the slight reduction in width is insignificant. thanks! jason
@creator: how significant is the loss of 6 inches off the width of the hammock due to the bug net addition?  also, kickstarted doesn't allow anything less than a dollar when changing pledges - so $34.99 should be amended to $35 even (i know that violates pricing psychology 101, but kickstarter doesn't care about pennies...). :)
@creator a quick question regarding the bug net version "the fabric tensioners on the bug net version are replaced with four aluminum stakes and four pieces of shock cord with hooks." with the bug net version having these aluminium stakes that go into the ground, how is one suppose to use this when using the hammock indoors?
@missyourmark thanks for your comment! the bug net version of the go! hammock provides complete protection from flying and crawling insects. if you are planning to get into hammock camping, i highly recommend the bug net version which also helps to keep sleeping bags, blankets, pillows etc. inside the hammock. i do not recommend using any insect repellants on your hammock gear since it's not necessary and could potentially damage or stain your gear. glad to hear your are excited about our upcoming rainfly! i will keep backers informed on the progress! you have been a pleasure to communicate with and you have been very helpful! thanks! jason
since i have never had a hammock while camping, i was wondering if there would ever be a problem with bugs, specifically ants and other little crawlers. i know that the net will prevent flying bugs from finding a way inside. but i was wondering about all of the little crawling bugs that are usually found on every tree. for example, if there was a path of ants (or any other tiny crawler) going up a tree that you decided to use, if those ants found the strap, could they follow the strap all the way to the hammock? and if so, could they get inside the net or any other openings? can the ropes/straps be treated with something that will make bugs want to stay away? and if i did try to treat the ropes/straps with something, do you think that might cause any problems? sorry if this is a weird concern but i suddenly imagined myself waking up covered in ants and i wanted to know if that is a possibility. thanks for taking the time to deal with my constant pestering! mark p.s. very excited to hear that you are working on a rain/snow/wind accessory! i'd be willing to pre-pay for one of those as soon as you know what you're charging.
@damian thanks for your comment! a versatile rainfly is in the works and we hope to have be releasing it soon after the campaign ends. we will notify backers in advance and offer it at discounted price to our backers! ~jason
just became a backer... very excited for product. i also would love to see as an add-on a rain/snow/windproof fly.
@johnnie ball sorry for the misunderstanding! it looks like my last update may have been poorly worded, leading to the confusion.  the new rewards were added as part of the stretch goal. on the last update, i gave instructions on how to upgrade for current backers. this approach preserves the savings early bird backers received. so nothing is available to new backers that is not also available to our original backers. please let me know if this clears it up. thanks! jason
+1 to joaquin re rainproof cover. i've just received the email regarding the bug net, which is great, however not relevant to me as i live in the uk where bugs aren't much of a problem.  i was a bit upset to hear that "we have also added new rewards for the bug net version, for new backers".  why should new backers get some extras that i, as an original backer (buying the full kit!), do not receive?  it seems a little unfair...
@rachel thanks for upgrading! i will send you a message with instructions on how to add the ridgeline. for other current backers who want to add the ridgeline while upgrading to the go! hammock with the integrated bug net, please go to the update on 5/26 and check the comments. i will add instructions there.
very excited about the bug net add-on! i was wondering if i can add-on the ridgeline now as well, or if i have to change my backer level to get the ridgeline. (originally backed early bird with tree straps level.) thanks!
@joaquin thanks for your comment and for making a great point!  we are working on a rainfly that will be waterproof, snow proof and will also block wind! we may be able to add this to the campaign if we get enough backers. if not, you can count on us having one soon after, that will be available on our website, which is under construction now. ~jason
@creator, i would very much like the idea of rainproof/waterproof hammock for a true outdoor camping experience! sleeping soundly thru thunderstorm without a worry getting wet. how about windproof? for the extreme outdoor experience like camping on a snowy mountain, how about snowproof too? i know i am asking a lot, but just giving you an idea should this generate enough interest to establish partnership with most of the outdoor brands stores.
@sawadee thanks! glad to hear that your happy about the bug net:) we are offering the upgrade for as little extra cost as possible as a way to say, "thank you!" to all of the backers who made the go! hammock a reality.
@jason adding a stretch goal for a rainfly is a possibility depending on how the rest of the campaign goes.
@stan just posted the price. i will post the weight of the hammock with the integrated bug net when i receive the final pre-production sample.
great on the success of the go hammock to date. and wonderful news of the stretched goal of the bug net. i am in on the bug net for sure!
i see your first stretch goal with the bug net. is there a possibility of a waterproof cover, stretch goal?
what will the price of the bug net be and what will the weight be?
@bj great question and thanks for backing! when set up with the recommended amount of sag, the hammock is just over 9' long. i would recommend a length of 11' minimum, to give you some to space to connect the suspension.  the height of the hammock stand is very important because this hammock is designed to have have a lot of sag. when set up with the recommended amount of the distance from the ridgeline to the bottom of the hammock is about 48". that means, in order set up the hammock so that it's at a comfortable sitting height, a hammock stand with a height of  58-65" would be the best. you can remove the ridgeline and set the hammock up with less sag so that it will work with a shorter stand. i will try to find some suitable stands and post it here or send you a message.  _jason
i'm looking into ordering a hammock stand for this, any suggestions?  what size stand should i get?  given that this hammock is 11 feet long, i'm guessing i need to get one that's wider than that?
hi @creator... question about possibly using a hammock for camping.  just curious if you have recommendations tarp-wise:  i would assume it would need to cover at least the 11' length and maybe some extra?  thanks!
@joaquin thanks for your support and for the kind words! the complete system will be rated at 400 lbs. every reward with tree straps and cinch buckles includes super strong amsteel 7/64 rope that will be used to replace the stock rope loops. we are now planning to upgrade the stock rope loops for everyone who purchased only the hammock too! the weight limit is still 400 lbs, but we tested it with 600 lbs. of weight in it. we do not recommend exceeding 400 lbs.
@creator i backed this amazing hammock! i see that you mentioned testing the weight limit to be 400lbs and up to 600lbs. i assume that is for the fabric of the hammock itself. i was wondering what is the weight limit for the rope loops, tree straps and the whole system? thanks! by the way i am member of backerclub :-)
@ brett thanks for your question! we will be announcing some stretch goals soon. i sent you a direct message to address your question.  _jason
@katrina thanks for your question and for backing our project! yes, this hammock will work great with a hammock stand. with the complete system that you purchased, you can put the straps around the ends of the stand instead of trees, as shown in our set up video in our project description. if you have any questions about setting it up after receiving it, feel free to contact us. we will be available to provided outstanding customer support!
this looks like a great gift for my husband :-) i know it is designed to set up between trees etc however will it work with a hammock stand? our rental property doesn't really have anywhere suitable to tie it otherwise.
i was looking for a good hammock and this one seems perfect! now that you are funded i was wondering if you would have any stretch goals? a bug screen to attach to the ridge line perhaps?
@johnnie thanks for your question. we are projecting to ship in july. the complete system weights about 2 lbs. the complete system fits into the built-in stuff sack into an approximate size of  8" x 7" x 4".
hey, i've backed a hammaock+all extras. assuming you get full backing (you will!), what's the estimated delivery? also, what are the hammock weight/dimensions when packed?
great i backed for 2,really looking forward to using them. thanks for the speedy reply.
@gloria yes, the go! hammock is large enough to comfortably fit two people!
is it possible to fit 2 people in this hammock?
@emily  thanks for backing us! the complete kit makes it easy to set up almost anywhere. enjoy!
@creator, thanks.  yes i did go for the full kit including the ridgeline... i figure if i'm going to try this out i want to have everything needed to do it right.
@emily great question!  the go! hammock is easy to get in and out of. i always recommend setting up the hammock so that it's at a comfortable chair height, usually 16-20 inches, when the user is sitting in it. this makes getting in and out much easier. it also allows one to sit in the hammock with their feet on the ground. you can find lots of comfortable positions this way! you do have to sit up from a lying position to get out of the hammock but you can use the ridgeline as a handle to make it easier, if needed.
love the idea of a hammock though i've never actually tried one.  i had spinal fusion surgery last year and am wondering how hard it is to get out of the hammock (guess it depends a lot on how high it is set up?
@joseph thanks for your question! the weight limit is 400 lbs. we have actually tested the go! hammock with 600 pounds in it for 24 hours with no visible wear.
is there a weight limit?
@angela thanks for your question! yes, the fabric is breathable, which helps keep the user cool and prevents sweating. it is also is a wicking fabric, which in hotter weather, can actually pull moisture away from the body to the outside of the fabric were it can evaporate. when moisture evaporates, it has a cooling effect!
is the hammock fabric breathable?
@jozef thanks for backing my project and for your comment! the size of this hammock really does make huge difference in comfort! it's great for people of all sizes. making this hammock as comfortable as possible was my primary focus in developing it.  i actually slept through the night in different size prototypes on many occasions. that's how i arrived at 11' x 70" dimensions.
i backed! i`m super exited to try this hammock!
love the xl size of this hammock! i am 6'4" and have and eno singlenest that is just too small for me. looking forward seeing what difference the size makes.
good luck jason!!
