crank up the clone machine   101 'best' beers in america   http://www.mensjournal.com/expert-advice/the-101-best-beers-in-america-20150325
good to know that one of the staff is actually checking when my item will be approximately shipped out ;)
**this is a very good policy, going forward, for all of your products! thanks. " and you will know when your (product's) in transit because we will send you an email with the tracking #s on it."
yes that's why i posted a comment here. i am one of the earliest international backers but haven't got an email when my picobrew would be shipped out and based on the numbers, i would have been notified and received it.
ronnie,  see the updates (54) page...it's second from the left, above.  backer log in is necessary. some of the international units have been sent.. (there's a map w.some of the countries)....notice the last update for more info...hope this helps a.
hi first production is all sent, when are you delivering the international backers ?
hi backers, just want to let you all know how happy my brewing partner and i are with our zymatic.  it's worth the wait. i have been brewing since the winter of 2000/2001. we received our zymatic in late august and have brewed 8 brews (7 recipes).  we have been able to drink 5 so far after bottle conditioning, and every one tastes as good or better than what we have brewed using our traditional set up. the just squeezed recipe is fantastic. there's some good info on the picobrew forum after signing in.  lots of tricks from those of us who have been picobrewing for a while. and annie has posted good overview videos (which you don't need to sign in for). if you plan on brewing more than one 2.5 gallon recipe in a month, i recommend either buying a second brew keg (shorten the tube as instructed) or transferring cooled wort to sanitized standard fermentation vessels like a carboy, etc. finally, if you run into any problems, just send picobrew a support ticket (accessed through the sign in portal). picobrew responds really really quickly his way. they have been my single best customer service experience in memory. cheers, mark m
dear creator, i responded your survey (18/10) for international backers but haven't received an answer from you. i basically would like to get the refund at this time. i don't feel safe importing picobrew without all the certifications specially living in australia.  if i get something  broken or faulty product on delivery it'll be hard dealing  the issue from australia.  i reckon that the wisest move at this time is wait a few years until picobrew  get all certifications and  stablished in the market before i order one. it's a very hard decision to make because my wife and i were dreaming about it... we're beer lovers. waiting for your reply, regards marcus
dunno if anyone else has seen this kickstarter, but the co2 pressurized growler's look great! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/growlerwerks/the-ukegtm-pressurized-growler-for-fresh-beer…
just got an email with a shipping tracking number - so they must still be shipping some.  i'm in the first production run.
time for another production/shipping update? it's been 2 weeks. are the step filter injection molding issues sorted out or is this still the pacing item? how many shipped? how many stacked up at picobrew awaiting step filters and/or final qc?
been awhile since the last shipping update.
anthony ii  ...i went back and looked, and they sent me a password, originally, and then i reset it upon entry. i just figured out what i did incorrectly earlier. it is working now. do a search on your emails, using "picobrew"  if they sent the info/password to you, you should find it there. you also have to sign a user agreement.
anthony, usually just enter your user name and password. having said that, it doesn't seem to recognize either of mine, tonight. those being 1. my email address or 2. my screen name from here. they did mention that the access is set up on shipment of your unit. unless that has changed.
how does one get there picobrew.com account?
link for the kiro video >start ups  http://www.kirotv.com/videos/news/sound-startups-oct-4/vct4rp/
actually, we have to stick to plan and go in tier-order, so we're into the $1499/"first production" units now, with "international" next.   we're working on getting a ce mark for the international units.
is the international shipment being sent out yet since the pledge for production units are already above 100 and next should be the international orders.
david's correct.  many more machines built but we're out of step filters again until a big shipment arrives mid next week.  this and other items will be covered in the next update shortly.
facebook says 132 shipped https://www.facebook.com/picobrewbeer
friday shipping update?
@albin:  address confirmed
hello, i sent you a message regarding a change of shipping address. did you get that message ?
ships passing in the night.  see the update i just posted.
hey picobrew how did last week pan out ? what are the built / shipped stats ? thanks david
thanks for the update !
hi picobrew how did the shipping go this week ?
is there a way to ensure that i get shipped to last? funny request i guess but as an international backer i'd really prefer for as many bugs as possible to be worked out before i receive mine as supporting any repairs could be a pain.
thanks for your understanding and support mark and larry. despite our thorough testing in the lab, as a final "release checkpoint"  to make sure the fixes we've made are everything that's needed, jim, avi and i each took home a production machine last weekend and brewed 2 batches in our kitchens (each).   worked like a charm. i just racked my picopale yesterday, carbed it overnight, and had some today....delicious! it's going to be a big test and ship week this week and i pledge to you an update friday letting you know how many machines we got out the door.
just my two cents, echoing what a number of others have said, that i for one would rather wait for a perfectly working picobrew, instead of boxing a defective one up here in nyc and carrying it (or asking the deliveryman to carry it with me) down 4 flights of stairs. this coming from a longtime homebrewer who is very psyched to start brewing with this cool new gadget. and as you are well aware, the fall is among the best times to brew with nice fresh hop flowers, so you know, in the larger scheme of things i can wait a little bit.thanks for the updates and all the hard work!
bill:  thank you for the honest and transparent update/comment, much appreciated.  excited about the product, and happy to wait until everything is 100%!
you have every right to demand updates david, but i appreciate the message.  only jim, avi and i from picobrew are allowed to respond to these comments, and i'm the only one who does kickstarter updates, so we're the ones falling down on the communications.   i just wanted to make sure that you know that a key reason jim, avi and i aren't on email/comments & project updates is that we're putting in 18 hour days trying to get our production problems all sorted out.   believe me, we're all looking forward to vacations once machines are churning out smoothly and everyone is happy....maybe i can hand deliver you your unit (before christmas) as part of my vacation? :-) thanks for bearing with us. bill
thanks creator my recent posts aren't meant to have a go at you guys - it is just good to be kept in the loop with delays so we know what / when to expect.  i had hoped to have mine for this uni term (as i posted the other day subject for this term is wort production) but based on updates, build speed and the shipping time to get it here to australia i'll hopefully get it just in time to brew a batch for christmas.
any backers who would like to stop by and see the operation & where we are on shipping firsthand are welcome to stop by.   we can't promise a great tour right now since we're all heads-down trying to get units out the door, and our premises are full of machines and parts, but as those of you who *have* stopped by to pick up your units know, we're 100% open about everything...we've just been very very busy debugging, testing and shipping..
looking forward to the update although a bit concerned pretty much zero units built or shipped in last 3 weeks.....
@all – we are working on an update for later tonight which will include details associated with tasc, our new production facility, and our venture to partner with another larger capacity production facility. @david black - hey david, our new production facility took a little longer to get off the ground than they expected it would take.  thus far, we've shipped a total of 38 zymatics and are testing the next 16 in house.  we're working on getting another larger production facility on-line and will keep you posted as this develops. @elliott – as we have communicated before, picobrew accounts are associated with individual zymatics and thus cannot be created until we have specific serial numbers for the zymatic it will be associated with.  due to this, we are creating accounts for entire tiers as we reach them.  this not only allows for us to associate with zymatics being constructed but also allows for us to respond efficiently to questions posed by brewers who have received their machines and need immediate assistance. if anyone has questions, the best way to reach us is by emailing us at info@picobrew.com.  we appreciate your continued patience during this hectic yet exciting time and will keep you up to date as new information surfaces. -the picobrew team
just noticed preorders on the web store are oct and general availability nov.  i think that is a (recent?) slip of 1 month ? got the first of my university lectures on wort production tonight - looking forward to seeing my picobrew do it..
someone on reddit just posted that they have received access to the web page.  he also got the first keg and the air lock lid. however i haven't gotten anything. what's the timeline now? when can i start using the web service ? when can i expect to get my items ? i totally understand being delayed.  at this point you are so delayed that you should be communicating every chance. instead it appears we are getting fewer and fewer updates.
can we please get an update as to how many have been built and shipped ? the chart had you going through 300 this week - how far behind are things ? if andrew and hugh were around 75 it sounds like a long way behind ? please don't remain silent - people take silence as a problem and also that you don't care. most of us would rather just know where things are at............
hey we're approaching 3 weeks since the last update. like andrew i am in the 2nd pilot run group and have not heard anything.
andrew - with 50 built per the update two weeks ago the fact you haven't heard anything is a real concern for those of us nearer the end of the list !!
hi guys, i fully understand the xtra time.. just curious where i might be.  i was in the 2nd pilot run group.  i was probably number 75-80 who bought so i would have assumed i would have been contacted by now. any feedback would be appreciated.  i have tried email but received no response. thank you.
great that the webstore store is online for accessories and t-shirts - but when i try to checkout it says you only ship in the us :( on another note i stumbled across your forums when looking for something else - when will you publish the link / they go live for all backers ? finally - i hope production is coming along ok, keep us informed as can't wait to receive my unit thanks david
in the world of kegerators, are specific models that will work well with kegs we will be getting?
i noticed that the mountain homebrew picobrew kits include irish moss.  is this added to a step filter and wort is circulated through it for 15 or so minutes of the boil? it would be interesting if picobrew would post the program associated with one of these kits.  time and temperatures for the mash, hop adds from which step filters and irish moss add, etc.  i would love to see how the just squeezed ipa is run with 6 different hops and irish moss with 4 step filters.  i'm guessing that all the flavor and aroma adds occur at the same time from one step filter, but it would be fun to see the sequence while we wait for our own machines and access to the programming website.
@anthony - google draft box or jockey box and you will have your answer.  basically an ice chest with taps and heat exchangers inside.  fill the ice chest with ice & water - connect a keg to and the beer is cooled as it flows through the ice water cooled heat xchanger.
in your recent update "shipping update #8: schedule and more" there is a photo at engadget live seattle event that shows a box with three tap heads. what was that box and does and is it a refrigeration device?
@donevan - i'm taking a stab that i'm about 325 based on looking at the funding $ chart on kicktraq and the date i backed on that basis i'm guessing i am currently a late september / early october ship ie still 2 - 2.5 months to wait :(
sorry you have to deal with bad contractors! i'm so happy that you schooled them in how people with integrity deal with that kind of shadiness. thank you for being awesome!
how do you determine what unit number you will receive?  i think i was one of the first in line for the first production run putting me in the low 100's.  i haven't heard anything regarding delivery (i live in seattle so prefer to pick up).  based on the updates, i'd expect to hear something by now. thanks
ingredient kits:   you don't *need* to buy kits!    we put these together strictly for customer convenience, so that you can just click a link and pre-packaged ingredients arrive on your doorstep.   this saves you having to go to the homebrew store with your recipe, selecting and grinding your grain there,  selecting your hops and yeast there, and taking it all home before you can brew.  we are not licensing these exclusively to mountain homebrew -- the goal is to just get the kits out and available online for people.   if you have a favorite homebrew shop that would like to carry the kits, point them our way and we'll see if we can hook them up. in the meantime, we like mountain and shop-owner jon mendrick and we're very happy that they're carrying the kits. here's a link:   http://www.mountainhomebrew.com/picobrew2.5gallonrecipekits.aspx
thanks for your patience david. when we ship unit #420 depends on how fast we can get a 3rd source online.   right now we assemble/test at picobrew  at ~15/week and tasc (our 2nd source) at approx. 25/week.   so that's a 160/mo rate.   we're looking at 2 different higher volume "3rd sources" to replace schippers, (our original 1st source) to get us another 100-200/mo. so with what we have today (picobrew + tasc) unit #420 would ship the 2nd week of oct.  if we can sign one of the 3rd sources we could potentially shave a month or more off of that.
steven - just buy the ingredients at your local hbs ? - it just won't be a kit
regarding the ingredient kits, will they be available from other suppliers or only mountain homebrew? otherwise i have to go through some awkward freight forwarding services to get it into europe.
has anyone still here received theirs yet ?  any comments on how it is going ?
any picobrew owners in chicago area let me know,  i'm installing mine at the home brew store i manage and would love to have other pico owners in the area meet up for discussion and brew sessions! the store is grow masters in gurnee btw and do have the best ingredient selection in midwest. let's have a homebrew suviche some steaks and talk picobrewing!
i agree with alan a brief update would be great.  how many have shipped, how many people have access to the website, any new issues that change previous time estimates etc..? thanks
hi, can we get an update on the shipping status? it's more than understandable if there are additional issues being encountered! but what is key at this point is that you routinely communicate with updates since you have primed the community for 'pending' receipt of their orders :). letting two or more weeks pass after announcing commencement of initial shipping suggests that there is not an internally established process of external communication to the community.
is there a timeline for providing the web apis and firmware source code per the original faq?
shipping status update would be great if possible.....
how is production going?  about time for another status update?
excited to get my picobrew...any update on early access to the forums and recipe crafter for those of us still awaiting delivery of our units?
i want my picobrew!  i've got a fever, and the only prescription is more automated home brew beer!
ignore the �.........
congratulations on starting up the line �
hand-assembled units continue to be shipped, but the big news is that we're starting up the line today at our assembly factory....big day for us!  we'll do an update today with pictures and details.....
yes, the heater core is different for the 220/240v units david, sorry for the slow response.
bump on my question re voltages..
hi picobrew - a thought, for those of us that are 220/240v do you need to do many changes to the 110/120v unit or are all of the components dual voltage ?  thanks
hi picobrew now that you've started to ship some units and solved most (hopefully!) of the problems do you have any revised shipping dates for each of the kickstarter levels ? the pre-order store says pre-orders deliver august and general availability september so i assume that would put the last kickstarter units as no later than august ? any info. would be great thanks david
abv potential is going to be a function of batch size.  you can make whatever style you want but your final volume will be limited by the fixed amount of grain you can fit in the step filter. also, no reason why you cannot add additional malt extract or sugar adjuncts during the boil phase to increase original gravity.
hello, i thought this was mentioned at some point, but i can't remember and i haven't had luck finding it - what is the highest abv possible with the picobrew? will old ales or barleywines be possible? thanks!
please don't rush these out with a bunch of bugs.  get it right and then get them to us. jmg
@hugh  keg sleeve will be coming with the picobrew zymatic shipment. @larry & all  thank you for your continual support; we couldn't have done this without you.  first customer shipment will be happening shortly with access to the forums and recipe crafter for all shortly after.
i have been convinced from the beginning that this was a great idea and backed it because of the solid background the team brought to the table.  after the backers bash it was evident this was going to happen.  i have a lot of folks i have shared this with, that i can tell are doubting.  i don't mind waiting for the final product cause it will be right.  thank you guys for not rushing and half stepping or compromising. would love to get the gluten free recipe.
i've just stumbled across this podcast with @picobrew - http://t.co/k4a9fimbmu - about to listen to it but i thought i'd share here first !
hey haven't seen any updates on the keg sleeve - what is the story? was it supposed to arrive with the keg? or is it going to ship with the larger system?
question: have you contacted eastman to help solve the tritan(r) problem? per them, it comes in various grades which differ in tg, melt flow rate, and incorporation of mold release.  they claim it's the cat's pajamas for molding, and other characteristics. this article from their people: david s. porter, ph.d., is principal applications development representative, and randy s. beavers is business development manager, in the specialty plastics organization of eastman chemical co. in kingsport, tenn. http://www.ptonline.com/articles/dishwasher-safe-new-clear-copolyester-is-tougher-more-heat-resistant-and-processes-easier-too
the new food-grade polycarbonate parts look great. looking forward to pico-brewing soon. awesome progress picobrew!  btw, do you have a current recipe list you can send out? thanks.
am building a bar in basement and would like to know overall dimensions of zymatic.  location and length of power cord would also be helpful. thanks.
love the updates, but would like things spelled out a little more-- are we not getting these units in march (i assume)?   and if not, is there a new eta?
would it be possible for you to send an email, with tracking number, when items go out? my delivery person hid my keg from me so well, it was a couple of weeks before i found it...and before someone absconded with it. thanks.
i hope you can get your tritan shots figured out.  it will be far superior to polycarbonate in the long run.  been reading http://www.eastman.com/literature_center/p/pp7.pdf to learn about the types of challenges you guys have been facing.
thanks for the update - whilst delays are frustrating i'm sure, we would all rather have a better product :) on another note - how is keg seal coming along? cheers david
thanks @picobrew
we'd love to have precision for you david, but the plastics holdup makes our final dates hard to gauge.  since we're about 2 months behind on plastics, i think it is likely that we're going to be about 2 months behind on our overall targets (end of march vs. end of jan for first units shipping).  the silver lining, if there is one, is that we're not sitting on our thumbs as we wait:  we've been testing, fixing bugs and making product improvements.   also, we've been creating new recipes for the recipe database (13 award-winners so far not including annie johnson's recipes!)
@picobrew - can you give an update on schedule v the original kickstarter timeline ? weekly updates are awesome and please keep them coming - understand the delays / challenges that you guys face but we all want to know when we will get our hands on our picobrew :)
love the weekly updates!
looking forward to the update - chance to buy extra keg lids / airlocks would be great
you are going to like our update today brandon!
will we be able to purchase extra accessories eventually?  i would love to be able to get a third keg lid/airlock.
ben - jump on any of the homebrew websites and you will find good friendly (often local) advice. otherwise i'm sure that everyone here will comment once the forums are up. in the meantime check out corny kegs, fermenting fridge, kegerator for serving as a basic starting point. what model / condition depends on your budget and location !! david
for those of us that are novices it would be great if you could provide recommended additional equipment (required and optional) that we might want to get.  ideally you could provide model info and potential online vendors we can purchase from.  for example, you mentioned using an immersion chiller.   some of use haven't brewed before at all... :)
re:delay, i 'can't' wait...but, i will....because it's important to get 'er right...thanks for the update.
no special machine requirements!  you can log into your account on www.picobrew.com from even a tablet or smartphone.   as far as getting early access to the recipecrafter:  we create accounts and match them to machines as the machines are shipped.   it may be possible to create all accounts at once and leave them un-associated with machines prior to shipping, but we'll have to look into this...
lol,  i signed on to ask that exact question brandon.  also,  i am buying a laptop to marry with my picobrew.  will it matter if it's a mac or any other model?
just wondering if there was any chance of getting the picobrew recipe calculator software before we receive the actual machine.  that way we could have recipes ready to go with all the correct specifications for the day of delivery.  thanks.
hi leslie!! just sent you a message about your shirt's delivery status!!
i just realized i never received my picobrew shirt!! can you see if it was sent? not you know...end of the world, but would love to get it! thanks! - leslie simmons
thanks for the update !
i'll be posting an update later today but... . no plastics yet....that's the long pole....switched to eastman tritan for the (originally) polycarbonate parts to make sure we don't have a bpa issue (esp for europe). expecting parts now the week of the 20th.  switched pumps in dec as well to address some long-term reliability issues and it's a race to get the new parts in volume before golden week factory shutdowns in china.  everything else is proceeding as expected, everyone is heads-down.
hi picobrew like most backers i am interested in how things are progressing.  any chance of regular (say fortnightly?) updates on progress ?  - even if they just say "everything on track" it would be great to know how things are going ! i saw in an earlier comment that you were expecting fot parts in early jan - is that still on track ? thanks david
got my kegerator for xmas and found out on xmas eve that i got into the graduate diploma university course in brewing i applied for :) looking forward to experimenting in 2014 with the picobrew :)
i didn't mean to rename your company... i meant picobrew.
just got my growler and tasting set in the mail. everything arrived safe and sound. happy holidays to everyone at pickbrew!
chris you attach a 5g keg but it was always clear (at least to me) that it made 2.5g ? cheers david
hello, in response to this post "our recipe calculator accounts for grain absorption, trub and other losses to give you a specific amount of starting water to place in your keg that will ultimately yield 2.5g of finished beer" i thought the picobrew made 5g of beer in each run?
hi picobrew!  thank you so much for the awesome backers bash this weekend!  we had a lot of fun and it was great to talk to everyone on the team.  the beer was amazing; much better than anything i've managed to brew with friends in our limited attempts so far.  i'm looking forward to the arrival of the machine and can't wait to start our first brew!  thanks again!
attended the backer bash yesterday, and now i'm even more excited - i didn't think it was possible.  it was great to talk to everyone there - team members especially, but also other backers.  everyone i went with agreed on a favorite - gluten free epiphany - but our second places were as varied as the styles (personally was a big fan of the maharaja brown and short & stout).  i can't wait to be making some of these amazing beers at home (and experimenting with my own)! thanks everyone at picobrew for the wonderful night - the tour, the talk, and of course the beer.  keep up the great work!
what's the eta on the backer "gifts"? i'm hoping to get christmas early :) cheers!
hi steven.  happy to share.  the final cad for the long-lead tooled parts is out although we’re still negotiating some cosmetic details with the toolmaker.  we still expect to see fot ("first off tool") parts in early january.   reliability testing, assembly, software development and additional recipe development continues on schedule.
how much information can we expect to get with regards to production status and scheduling. will you tell us when you expect to approve fot parts, pass mdvt etc and when you actually do. i know we are not entitled to any of that information but i'm feeling slightly burned by an indiegogo project i backed a while ago that has slipped on its schedule.
our recipe calculator accounts for grain absorption, trub and other losses to give you a specific amount of starting water to place in your keg that will ultimately yield 2.5g of finished beer.
how do the water volumes work? do you fill the keg with a specific amount of water for a specific recipe? if less water is absorbed than needed, does it just dilute the wort? been trying to get my head around this part.
attended the first backer bash last night. it was great to meet the team behind this project. tasted some great beers; party porter, short and stout, and d_____ amber were my particular favorites. jim's "picobrewed" pork was also fantastic! now i really can't wait for for my zymatic.
did the backer event happen ?
looking forward to seeing photos and video from this weekends backer event !!
i can't make it there; can i delegate my backer bash invite to a friend that lives up there?
any news on the dates of the backer events? looks like my dec 6th and 7th opened up.
what should we enter on the survey if we don't plan on making it to any of the backer events?  the survey gives an error that all required fields must be populated if i don't select any of the dates.
are the dates for the backer events in the survey for sure dates? as in go ahead and buy a plane ticket?
please don't pick the 7th, that's the mls final! unless, of course, you're just bitter after the timbers trounce the sounders tomorrow. ;)
what survey ? did i miss something or did it not go to international backers ?
won't be able to make any of those dates in the survey for the bash. bummer.
a good article on picobrew and the recipes that will be coming with our units. cant wait to start brewing with it. http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/picobrew-zymatic-to-ship-with-award-winning-beer-recipes-229589561.html
there's a "picobrew" community started on google+.
file under wishful thinking>> how about parties-d&p shows in nyc and chicago/omaha for those of us not fortunate enough to live on the left coast?  was perusing the nomiku site, and that's something they mentioned. and for the internationals...go global!
congratulations on being funded!
on behalf of the international backers, big thank you for arranging the shipping procedures! wishing you guys success in reaching the next stretch goal.
taster sets ship for december 2013.  no problem.
is the date right on the taster set, 2014? hoping to get a christmas gift.
thanks all for the kind words. cole - its not automatic, but you can definitely do it.  for a one time experiment it would be pretty easy to add a manual diverter valve on the way to the keg to let you pull off wort for decoction or turbid mashing, then just dump it back into the keg.   if you really wanted, you could also update the open source firmware to run some electronic controlled valves and go to town.
is there anyway to do more complicated mashes such as decoction or turbid? i can't imagine how that would be possible.
thanks for the update on shipping and congratulations on breaking $600k !!
thanks for the update on shipping and congratulations on breaking $600k !!
thanks nils!  that's great information!  to all of our international backers, we've already started meeting with carriers and are going to work hard to find competitive rates and get your goods across safely with the least work possible on your end.  unfortunately it takes time to compare and negotiate for the best rates so we won't have any numbers until long after the campaign closes.  and you are certainly welcome to use your own freight forwarder if that makes more sense for you.
i just signed up yesterday but if there is anyone else in the uk wondering about shipping, it’s not that complex to arrange, or terribly expensive:  you need to find a freight forwarder (i’m going to use ph logistics uk limited, as i know through my work as an export manager, tel: (44) 121 764 7033), or alternatively go to someone like dhl / ups.  they will want the tariff code that determines the duty and this is 8479899790 (https://www.gov.uk/trade-tariff/commodities/8479899790…) and will cost you 1.7%.  unfortunately hmrc will then want 20% tax on the cost of goods, so expect that to be around £200.   whoever you use, you want to ask for the transport to be “ex works” as this means they will arrange to collect from picobrew in seattle and deliver to the address you specify (be sure to ask whoever arranges the transport to also include insurance unless you want to organise this yourself).  the final delivery address can account for up to as much as 50% of the transport cost, so no two quotes will be the same but my expectation for door to door / ex works transport  (including insurance) will be in the region of $200 to $300.  that brings the total delivered cost of the zymatic to around £1350 / £1,400.
@alex i'll be getting some of these instead: http://www.ssbrewtech.com/products/5-gal-corny-keg-1
thanks terry thats a good call,  that price with free shipping is hard to beat, luckily i have a wholesale account with them ;-)
does the picobrew connect to a website hosted on picobrew's servers or does it connect to something running on a local computer ?  if it's a server will that software also be opensource so that i can run it locally, and make sure the picobrew is future proof?
alex, this is what i'm looking at... http://morebeer.com/products/cornelius-keg-brand-5-gallon.html
im shure the unit will brew that coconut stout with ease(opinion). no thanks on picobrew deciding what beer for me to brew first, art of brewing remember. my question is will you sell extra kegs(im going to need like 10), any idea of price, or should i be stockpiling till april?
a friend makes a coconut stout. would i be able to do the same with the pico?
i "third" hector's suggestion.
i second hector's suggestion.  would be a lovely though to be able to get going once we get the picobrew.
nearer shipping a website / forum to swap hints / tips / recipes etc would be great (or a dedicated area on an existing home brew forum) ?
a keg and ingredients for the first recipe would be awesome for the 600k stretch goal!
jonathan - during the boil, near-boiling temperature water is pumped from the keg, through the heat exchanger to control temperature exactly, dropped against a series of mesh screens (aiding the "vigorousness" with the hops cage and an additional filter, and then drained back into the keg.  the venting is twofold.  one is out the top of the step filter and also out the top of the keg where we also collect and trap some volatiles in the foam (keeping it from re-entering the beer).  i wish there was an easy way for you to taste our kolsch or pilsner as that would probably settle it without question. matthew. --   we shorten the dip tubes on the keg and that works quite well for transferring without trub. you could use a plate chiller inline but we've had great results with a simple immersion chiller which is a lot more water efficient unless you have a glycol chilling loop for your plate chiller  (though the immersion chiller does require ice).
i know you've mentioned dms in the faq, but can you clarify exactly how the wort flow functions during the "boil", and at what point that enables evaporation of volatiles?  my understanding is that the wort is exposed to air while passing through the hop compartments, and the claim is that there's enough exposure there for dms control... this is pretty much the only thing keeping me on the fence.
do you have a recipe database already built that we could see?  :)
two quick questions: 1) i've heard that, for keg fermentation, a cask widge float works really nice to avoid getting a lot of trub. would that interfere with the picrobrew during operation? granted that using a 5g should have plenty of room to attach afterwards. 2) would an in-line plate chiller work to cool the wort as it goes back?
and we made it 500k !
holy cow! i thought this might stall out around 450k, but it just keeps heading up, up, up.  i can't wait to pop that first cold one next spring.
david, or other, if one is patient...lol...ocean freight shipping is reasonable, and i note they have a drop off in seattle.  their site indicates country specials, now and again. regular price is $353 min.   http://uboxworldwide.com/international-shipping/australia/
thanks avant garde. i know it is crazy shipping to florida and back again but it seems the cost saving on fedex / dhl is huge going through a freight forwarder than a direct quote from the fedex website !
@picodudes, between the first and second production runs would there be an opportunity to work out any bugs that may be reported after the first or make some small refinements?
david, they state that shipping within the continental us should be  about $100, or so. curious, though, shipping from their location, seattle, washington state, or even la,  california would be a lot closer to australia.  and, if shipping from seattle is an option, you wouldn't need to pay usa domestic shipping. hope this helps
ok - a bit more research. fedex is quoting us$965 for international priority shipping to australia for a 65lb parcel at 22 x 16 x 18 however - if i get it shipped to a forwarder (i use myus.com) they will on ship it to me, fedex international priority, for us$302 (or fedex economy for $252) any estimates on the us domestic shipping cost to florida ? (which i would obviously need to pay on top of the shipping from florida to australia) thanks
have any international backers checked on postage costs ?  i was all ready to back but a quick check on fedex and ups websites suggests deliver cost to australia could be us$750 - us$1,000 ??  still really keen but that makes things pretty expensive..
have to go with the extra brewing/fermenting keg lid and airlock for the 500k stretch goal.
any vancouver bc homebrewers out there?  anyone want to share the cost of a picobrew with me?   we could swap ownership every two weeks or every month or something.  same amount of beer, half the price. my email: markmunn 2 @ gmail.com cheers, mark
i was wondering if the hops compartments were "timed" in any fashion. from the webpage screenshot it looks like timing for the hops is in there but from the pictures i don't see how those compartments would be timed properly. would that still have to be manual? i also wondered why the 5g keg seems to be a requirement? my consumption isn't high enough to justify a 5g brew so i hope we could brew smaller batches still.
@anthony salter - malt is part of the grain bill, and must make up 50% of the bill to be considered beer. other grains are considered adjuncts.
this is the kickstarter that convinced me to create an account. cheers!
wow, tough call guys... all three generous offers, a commemorative tee would be nice, but i would have to go with the extra equipment! thanks! rod foster
any of those 400k rewards would be cool, but i'll vote for the cool green oled.
i should say hops + grain + malt + water = wort (+ yeast) = beer...error on my formula :-)
hey qq: how / when / does malt play into this whole deal?  i know when i've been homebrewing at gallagher's in edmonds, wa. the ingredients are hops + grain + malt + = wort (+ yeast) = beer.  does the machine not need malt? or how does that work?  thanks - am so so excited to get my picobrew.
500k stretch goal vote. •	an extra brewing/fermenting keg lid and airlock also please include a keg and ingredients for first recipe for all levels of machine.
oh yeah, stretch goal complete.  seems like there is time for another one...
hi hugh.  there is venting on the back and sides as well as the front.
does it vent only from the front or is there venting out the rear as well?
hi ninjah.  there's a pretty good mix of custom and off the shelf parts, most of the parts that could wear are off the shelf but there are some custom seals as well.  we've done quite a bit of testing (and component changes accordingly) in the hundreds of batches we have run in the lab and are going to do more rigorous reliability testing as the production parts get finalized and hope to be able to fix any issues long before you get your machine.  and, of course we'll make spares and repair parts available.
i was wondering about the zymatic's long-term serviceability.  how much of the device is composed of custom-made pieces vs off-the-shelf parts that i could find replacements for, should they fail? the things that come to mind as likely failure-through-use points would be the water pump(s), heating element(s), valves, any soft-sealing tracks or o-rings exposed to heat, etc.
i learned about pico brew a few weeks ago but was on the fence about getting one. but then i was at the great american beer festival this weekend as a volunteer pouring beer and who should wander by but dr chris white. i poured him a beer and asked him what he thought of the device. he said it looked promising from his prototype and that he had used the copy white labs has. i asked if he thought it was worth it and he said i should consider it. so now i'm a backer looking forward to my pico to be delivered in april.
hi julian.  that's a smaller capacity keg in the video.  in most cases you'll want a 5g keg for brewing and fermenting.
in your photos and video, the keg shown is shorter and wider than the 5g keg in the link below.  are the kegs you're showing a different capacity?  i've only seen 2.5g kegs that shape.
the machine is outside of my brew budget, but as a homebrewer and arduino dabbler, i'm happy to support your project.  good luck with the manufacturing!
we buy most of our 5g cornies used, because you can get them for < $50 ea that way, but when we buy new places like morebeer have good prices ($110 now for 5g) http://morebeer.com/products/cornelius-keg-brand-5-gallon.html we're 100% focused on the current zymatic machines now, so no plans for other machines at the moment.
where do you source your 5g cornelius kegs from?  i haven't been able to find one the shape you show in the video.  i've only found the ones that are taller and skinnier.
is your company thinking of producing a larger zymatic in the future?
andrew.  depends where you live.  we ship from seattle so it is cheaper going to portland or la than it is to miami.  pretty sure it will be < $100 anywhere in the continental us though.  or you can pick it up from our offices in seattle. julian.  that's the plan to have both.  but we are still working on wi-fi.
i know that shipping cost will be calculated once they are ready to go, but do you have even a rough ballpark of what it will be? are we looking at an additional $50, $100.. or even more? just trying to figure a ballpark of what it will cost in total for the picobrew.
it says you're going to include wireless networking with the zymatic, but are you going to be keeping the ethernet port as well?
dayam.  you ferment in the 5g keg which is sterilized in the brewing process and then typically transfer to a drinking keg or bottles after fermentation. kurtis.  the foam collapser is our own design, and is there to control foaming through the brewing process.  its not used for fermentation or the finished beer. thanks guys.  keep the questions coming and we'll keep the faq updated.
what else will i need to finish my beer with the machine and the add ons? what is a good container to ferment the brew and what else might be needed to have an end to end process working? thanks!
i'm excited to be in the second production group with some friends! we had a couple of questions (at least for now :)): - what kind of anti-foam and foam collapser does it come with? - is there a way to get additional keg lids so we can ferment multiple batches at a time? thanks!!
you guys might be interested in this other kickstarter going on: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/279520231/kegvision-smartphone-kegerator-beer-monitor.
any images available of your taster set?  thanks!
we've had a lot of questions about dimensions, esp related to built-ins.   our evt units stand at  20.5"w x 17"h x 14.5"d and about 50lbs.   as far as building them in:   we know our friend and ks backer jeff bowlby, owner of abodian  (www.abodian.com) is excited about offering zymatic as a built-in to his custom cabinetry, so it's possible.    keep in mind that just like ovens/microwaves there are heat and vapor venting issues to deal with.
any thoughts to this unit as a built in appliance?
i might have missed it but can you provide the dimension of the picobrew and footprint with keg next to it.
software-wise, in response to j wynia's question:  developers rock, and we definitely welcome you!   the firmware will be released open-source with the machines first ship (frankly, it's not too useful until you have a machine to run it on).  on the web-side we've written software for recipe import, creation and sharing, data logging and brew session viewing.  we're working on the web apis that will allow you to do your own thing on the web side without having to rewrite the entire firmware stack (which, btw, you will also be able to do if you so desire).
does the first production run (march) not include the keg?   really bummed i missed out on that.
this is a great product! i hope you will be able to start international shipping at some point.
i've backed a ton of projects but this one has me the most excited.  by the way crowdfundingforum listed you guys as #2 in this weeks top new crowdfunding projects list:  http://crowdfundingforum.com/showthread.php/7941-hot-crowdfunded-projects-this-week-bones-ii-picobrew-(oct-3rd)
i sent this to theverge.com and they wrote about it on their website! http://www.theverge.com/2013/10/2/4795602/picobrew-zymatic-is-the-nespresso-of-beer-brewing
glad to see you were funded so quickly! i donated to guarantee i'd be on your mailing list. hopefully by the time it's on the market, i'll have the space in my kitchen for it.
any chance for those of us who pledged at a level to get a machine to get a copy of the software in the mean time? i ask because i'm a software dev who intends to build a scheduling system (plan a brew, automatically order the ingredients, etc.) around this machine and having the software would let me work on that between now and march.
hi guys. absolutely love this project. i have bee brewing for a few years now and consistency has long been a struggle. especially in scaling from pilot to full size batches. this will be invaluable. question: can you elaborate more on the process the pico uses. for example does it measure og to ensure you hit your target? will it recalculate boil times to help hit gravity targets? can it recirculate the wort till a certain gravity is reached? thanks. ari.
hi jim!  congratulations on your launch.  you guys certainly have set some sort of record for reaching your goals!  i've been talking your system up with friends in the brewing community here in eugene and there is much, much interest.  well done, sir.  - doug furlong
stretch goal ideas: - modified keg that allows simple and sanitary method of removing trub without the need of racking to a secondary. - mechanism for adding a clarification step within the keg
can recipes be adjusted to 2.5 gallon or 3 gallon kegs?
http://www.bigshinyrobot.com/56220/picobrew-zymatic-beer-brewing-robot-kickstarter/ another article
stretch goals?
congrats on reaching your goal already!
yay! so close i can smell the beer.
1 more to go.  congrats picobrew.
craig...  yes, we've updated this in our faq and would be happy to have any of you pick up your machine from our office in seattle. chris...  we're engineers and scientists, not lawyers and accountants. we'll do what those people tell us to.
will you be charging sales tax to wa state backers?  technically we are not buying a product but rather you are gifting us an item in return for our backing.
hey pico team -- if we're located in seattle, can we pick our units up when they're ready to avoid paying shipping? good luck with the rest of the kickstarter campaign.
dream fulfillment would be if you all could get this into amazon's warehouses and make it prime-eligible. :)
my associate and i were asked to make some of the parts for the test units over the last year.  i had never had any interest whatsoever in making beer.  however, after tasting picobrew's versions of several beers that are not available for sale in seattle, i had to have one of these units to keep me supplied with my new "favorites".  i have been begging for a zymatic test unit for months....so now i get my chance.  the guys have been kind enough to us (as a vendor) to keep us supplied in some sample brews and each one is better than the last.
hi eric. glad you are excited about it.  yes, of course we'd be thrilled to have you get a t-shirt and growler with your machine. just add the relevant costs to your pledge and we'll give you a spot on the backer survey to let us know what you'd like.  thanks!
i _love_ this. i've been dreaming about making my own delicious beer for years, and now i can, amazing!
this is probably the coolest thing i've ever seen. i have a friend who brews and has quite an extensive series on youtube that i enjoy watching. still, i've been intimidated to venture into it. until this! i have a quick question about the backing levels. does the zymatic kit levels come with any of the other backer levels (i.e. growler, shirts, glasses)? it would be cool to rep the new system we'll be making our friends before we get it. if not, maybe consider it as a stretch goal?
great seattle times article on picobrew: http://seattletimes.com/html/businesstechnology/2021921820_briercolumn30xml.html i am excited for this project and company!
