if anyone would like to buy my copy of the bed book and several other amanda palmer signed records/cds/books i would be happy to be able to sell them at a reasonable price. please get in touch!
i don't think i've met anyone like melody dean either.
would love to have ondi timoner document my house party.
please, stop sending me email. please. thank you.
if you have not received your kickstarter goodies yet- email eric@amandapalmer.net. he can fix you. same for digital downloads- they were all sent out in september, so hit him up if yours never appeared some odd reason....
@favve, i've also received the email that the order has not yet arrived. i'm still waiting on news or updates for the vinyl, too... :/
same, no download code in my inbox. this being a music project might apperciate http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i pledged $125 and haven't got anything yet. really frustrating. i was excited by the success of this campaign but it really doesn't appear to be working on such a large scale.
is the download code for the pledgers send? i can't find it in my mail box, only the album at full price in a promo mail.
just had an e-mail from eric regarding my missing digital download version.  all fixed, i'm downloading my copy now.  :)  great to see someone dealing with people's issues.
haven't got my vinyl either, i pledged $125, i received this email back in october: "your back/special order has not yet arrived. please know that we are working on getting it for you as soon as possible. as soon as it arrives, your order will be shipped! in the event the product becomes unavailable, we will notify you. thank you for your patience." has anyone received the same mail? any luck getting your stuff? :(
found myself no longer listening to any amanda palmer or dresden dolls music. this has left a sour taste in my mouth. if it were just me then maybe i can understand a bit of a mix-up but seeing so many people not receiving their paid for goods either suggests a lack of mutual respect between an artist and her fans. bye bye, i'll chalk it down to a bad choice on my part.
guys, i'm so tired and disappointed. i want to thank you though, because this is the only place where i have been able to gather information about who to contact.  i'm from spain. i purchased the vinyl, but it was never shipped to me, my order information got lost, apparently. after talking to eric and having to prove i had paid for the stuff, i received an email saying that my order would be reshipped (as if it had been the first time!) but that was a month ago and still no news.  this has been a very upsetting experience, specially because there is no clear way to contact anyone, if i hadn't spent hours trying to find a solution, amanda would have my money but i wouldn't have my album.  i don't have high hopes of ever getting this album, and i certainly won't repeat this experience again, at least with amanda. sorry.
got my package tokay. really nice, thxs
wow! i got my package to slovakia today and thought i may be the last one to get it...
i'm still awating delivery of my "{backer-exclusive limited edition cd}  plus deluxe digital download & thank-you card.  as of today i still have not received a single thing.  anyone know who i should contact?
i'm still waiting to get the download code.... hmmmmm...
just want to say wishing everyone here a happy new year!  ^_^
uk here my package arrived today both vinyl and art cards ! after sending my 2nd email eric got back to me in a matter of hours ! the set is beautiful and i guess worth the wait considering the price payed and what you actually get :)
send an email to afp@aent.com, i did it several times unfortunately, i still wait for the book & vynil. they seem to have miswritten my address even if i corrected each time. i just received a shipping notification with a wrong adress in a wrong country (even if i received a confirmation that my correction was taken into consideration) send a mail again to just ask to copy my address, not inventing another one. stil hoping...
wish all people here a merry xmas & happy new year!  ^_^
i got everything but the physical copy of my cd, it's been months. sorry if this has been asked a thousand times, but who do i contact about that?
nothing for me still. oh well. lesson learned then.
anyone received the neil gaiman & kyle cassidy: "the bed song" photobook?
hi there, are there any vinyl packages in europe?
i spoke a little too soon. just realised my art book is missing its silver sleeve... *sigh*. i've had to send another email :( @robert gibney: yes, for the summer mailbox invasion, total fees were in excess of £100.
spacedyemeerkat, did you have to pay customs tax for your package? last afp item i bought was a t shirt and poster wen preordering a ticket i had to pay £25 tax in an item that already cost me £30! bit worried i'm going to have to shell out a huge amount just to receive my package -_-
i finally received my vinyl, art book and cd today after much wailing and gnashing of teeth. thanks to eric for getting to me. the package is certainly lovely.
so far i have nothing in the mail yet. in the us.
yes, i am well aware of that. i was just trying to help a comrade in immediate need. as for me, i've now received three sets of seven inch singles but no art book, cd or lp.
i never recieved a download code either. @spacedyemeerkat yes, you can download it from her site but the free version on there doesn't contain the digital booklet, 4 bonus tracks or higher quality tracks.
it is not only uk. i havent received anything in czech republic either, not even responses for my emails :(
seems to be a common uk theme here (i am in northampton). turns out my packages were incorrectly addressed although i've no idea why. you can all try contacting eric through his twitter account which is @southships @jenny page, you can download the album free of charge at amanda's site (http://www.amandapalmer.net/shop/pay-what-you-want/)
(i'm in the uk also)
i also still don't have my package, it's just the collectors edition cd. or even a link to the digital download. =[ does anybody know who i can email?
uk here too sent an email to eric and still waiting on a response :( this is starting to suck and it's kinda put me of the album
i am in the uk and haven't received my kickstarter - artbook and vinyl package.  i don't have any details of who to email?
i am in the uk and have still not received by artbook and vinyl package. i had previously had very helpful and reassuring responses from eric but have had no responses recently. help!!
@rinonka: this worries me because i received another shipping notification from the fulfilment company which looked suspiciously like another set of 7" vinyls.
i am in the same position as many of you as i haven't received the artbook or the cd.   i have written twice and not received a response.
instead of the art book i've received all the single vinyls again. trying to solve that mystery, i see i'm not the only one without the art book? this is getting a bit annoying, as much as i love the album, i really don't need doubles of the vinyls, i can see there are others that are missing them - they should get them. i pledged for the heavy duty art book that is still not here..
had enough now. still no artbook, cd or vinyl. this just isn't good enough. eric has stated the items have been re-sent to me, allegedly expedited delivery, but nothing has been received. i am almost climbing the walls with annoyance now. i put money in, up front, to support an artist i admire and this is how i get repaid. it's just not good enough. in fact, it's nowhere near good enough and i feel like i've nowhere i can make a reasonable complaint that will be listened to. it's utterly shocking that this can be allowed to happen, frankly.
hi, is there any news on the vinyl stuff?
i haven't received anything yet.  i had the same request to update information that i had already given, but i haven't heard anything back yet.  any news on this?
thank you for the email info! much appreciated! and i will download the album for now until i find out what is going on.
@alicia bator : send an email to eric @ amandapalmer . net also have in mind that you could also download for free the cd from amanda's site. the cd version which you'll eventually get though, isn't available anywhere else for purchase. that said i hope you get to hold it in your hands as soon as possible!
hi everybody. any news concerning the cd/vynil/artbook ? i got the summer mailbox invasion alright... so it's not about my address details. i'm kind of worrying here... especially since it seems i'm not the only one having problems.
argh! i pledged on the art book and then i waited and waited and waited and nothing, and now i check here again to see what is up, turned out that kickstarted needed additional info (that i had already submitted prior).. i never got any email asking me for the info i had already submitted to them when pledging, so this has been stalling unnecessary! maybe this is the same case with other people who have pledged? hopefully everything gets sorted quickly now. communication could have been better...
i did the $25 pledge and have not received anything yet. i am disappointed as i could have purchased the cd somewhere else and had it to listen to by now. who can i contact about it?
have not received vinyl either.
still no art book, cd or vinyl here in england. eric is asking for another to be sent. i offered to pay for expedited shipping so we can track it but apparently it's not possible. i think afp really needs to look at her distribution channel.
still haven't got my vivyl...
i mentioned to eric on twitter i still hadn't received my vinyl/art book a while ago and he said to email him if i hadn't received anything. 2 weeks passed and still no sign, so i emailed him and a few days later he replied.....saying to wait 2 more weeks and email him if nothing shows! at this rate i'll be lucky to see anything this side of the year :(
from amanda's twitter: "we're committed to making sure everyone gets their stuff. don't worry. #time rt @morganb41 this scares me since i haven't received mine yet." https://twitter.com/amandapalmer/status/266773454748008449
still got no vinyl nor book nor cd. i email eric and afp@aent.com but nobody gave me any answers
@romany not sure kickstarter works like that matey ! i'm in the same boat i did email eric about it and got a response the next day .. does suck tho that i coulda just bought the album in the shops already :s
no e-mail nor anything as of this point for me as well. it's a minimal amount of course and i can wait but it's just odd not to know what's up with it.
i am really disappointed with the way this project has been handled. i hadn't heard anything, but didn't contact anyone as i read everywhere that some shipping emails didn't go out and we should just wait and see if it turns up. i finally contacted eric on the 17th october, and he replied saying 'he doesn't know what happened but it seems like my details were magically dropped by kickstarter and weren't in the report they received.' i don't even know how this can happen, as surely the report from kickstarter would show individual pledges which all add up to the final $ amount. additionally, eric said he has asked the shipping company to send out my vinyl, but it has now been 19 days and i still have no shipping confirmation. even when it does ship it will be another 7-8weeks until i get it in western australia. quite frankly i'm sick of the whole thing and will be asking for a refund. it shouldn't be this hard.
cool.  if it doesn't turn up tomorrow i'll email eric.
so funnily enough. a day after i decide to ask questions the gorgeous vinyl arrived. the backer edition vinyl looks amazing. so to clear again - it takes a while, but very freaking worth it.
@brian holst: keep calm & email eric    eric @ amandapalmer . net
does anybody know how to get a response from afp@aent.com? i have mailed them three times since the 5th of october, but they couldn't be bothered to answer... the book (from the $125 level) got damaged in shipping (both the book and the slipcase) and i want to get help getting it replaced. they write: "if you have any questions, please contact us via:      email:         afp@aent.com" that's what i've done (three times) but no replies   :(
i haven't gotten mine here in denmark either. i expect it'll show up soon though (fingers crossed. just a little bit more patience...)
has most people got their vinyl? i'm in brisbane australia and i got the email on the 27th of october but haven't got it yet - over a month later. rather hoping it didn't get lost somewhere.
there was a glitch in the email system and some emails never got sentr or some others like yours were sent by mistake. don't worry, i received my stuff without having received any kind of email
it's possible it has been shipped but with no email, there was a balls up with some dispatches. i never got an email.
should i be concerned that i still haven't received a shipping confirmation? last email i've received was one that said "your back/special order has not yet arrived. please know that we are working on getting it for you as soon as possible. as soon as it arrives, your order will be shipped! in the event the product becomes unavailable, we will notify you. thank you for your patience. "
@robert gibney, i posted on this subject several times in the comments here, all pertaining to the summer mailbox invasion. total customs cost for me was about £60 over four packages. still haven't received my vinyl/cd/artbook package, either. been wondering how much i will have to stump up for that when it arrives!
anyone in uk receive their package and have to pay tax?  i missed a parcel from ups that's wanting £24.45 cash on delivery?!
@nikos i actually got it this morning (and i got the shipping confirmation more than a month ago now so it wasn't just two weeks).
@fushigifox: see you on the next kickstarter project ;)
@guillaume boutmy: eric  said on twitter that since not all orders shipped on the same day but more so in a period of two weeks, evryone who hasn;t received theirs yet should wait until nov 6th and see what happens. if you don't get your order by then then contact him on this email eric @ amandapalmer . net or on his twitter https://twitter.com/southships
@nikos i agree, being the last package i am a bit sad,  i especially miss the letters from amanda, those were always a treat to read before digging into the packages themselves.
it's been more than a month now since the vinyl was shipped, i sent a mail about a week ago but didn't get any answer. :/
@fushigifox: i got mine too! our packets would always arrive around the same time. on the other hand it's a bit sad that i'm not waiting for another package, i got used to waiting for amanda surprises! i hope that in few days everyone will be able to say that they received their stuff!
in japan, got my vinyl, cd and art book, a total mailbox explosion! agree with everyone that it is/was totally worth the wait and a wonderful hallowe'en treat.
in australia. got my vinyl today. totally worth the wait...i don't think i've ever been so impressed. beautiful.
i received my art book, cd, vinyl package earlier this week.  totally worth the wait!
last post! :d
you're welcome josh. also for future reference i'm leaving eric's twitter here as well https://twitter.com/southships he posts updates about the orders! but again if your problem needs explaining better contact him by email: eric @ amandapalmer . net (without the spaces)
thank you nikos!
@malte janosch grapentin: cotact topspin or eric http://app.topspin.net/account/help_public eric @ amandapalmer . net
i have't got the download code yet! anyone has an idea how to get it?
@ josh bryant : email eric @ amandapalmer . net
does anyone know who i should talk to about not getting my packages? i've been trying to get into contact with someone for weeks now. thank you!
from eric on twitter: "all vinyl sent out within last 2 weeks. if no sign by 2 weeks from now, email me #allowforcustoms"
still waiting for a response from afp@aent.com :(
got my vinyl kickstarter package yesterday! its brilliant! got felipe firehose oliveros' yellow page! thanks, worth the wait!
pleased to say my afp kickstarter package is sitting next to me as i type and it is indeed a lovely thing to behold. very pleased. i got the shipment notification on 5th oct & and then a "failed delivery" card through my letterbox from the post office on the 18th oct. just walked down an collected the parcel, (very well packaged) and everything i ordered, (art book, cd & vinyl), has arrived in perfect condition. thank you afp & the team. :o) ian (surrey, uk)
i received my cd a while back and loved it, but only just got around to downloading the special kickstarter zip file last night (which i didn't realize contained bonuses). i was enjoying the pictures, but having some problem extracting the music files and when i tried to move them to another folder, they disappeared and now i can't find them on my pc (they were in some temp folder, but 30 minutes of searching did not yield the kickstarter folder).  the topspin download link won't let me try again (b/c i already redeemed).  can anyone on the project staff help me?
thanks @nikos, i have been waiting for an answer by  afp@aent.com as well. maybe they're all on tour, looking forward to next week's concert in amsterdam.
same problem as @karen lateo - i"m in australia, and i got my shipment confirmation email on 31st of august; nearly 7 weeks later and still no parcel, and no response from my queries to afp@aent.com...
@ fushigifox: you're very welcome!
still nothing on the "{backer-exclusive signed art book + cd}"... and no response on my comment.. you only beat the big production houses by delivering equal or better quality. come on..
thank you nikos!!! you have always been a great source of info and we truly appreciate you keeping us in the know.  it should be arriving for us pretty soon then.  i will post when my summer invasion package arrives in japan and hopefully that will help get a time estimate for others.  thanks again!!
for all the summer invasion backers: the cd/artbook were bundled up with the vinyl and were sent all together in one package in the past 1-2 weeks, that is why they haven't arrived yet for many of us. there was also a problem in the email system and many shipping confirmations weren't sent!
thank you amanda and guys....my cd and art book arrived safely at the end of the week. i am so very happy....can't wait to see you in adelaide :)
finally got the cd in art book (sydney, au), other then some impact damage to the book, it looks great.
@spacedyemeerkat: many thanks!
@jennifer bates, you can try afp@aent.com but don't hold your breath.
still missing final package of mailbox invasion--cd/vinyl/art book.  is there any place besides the completed survey to email?  glad to see i'm not the only one, but pretty worried about no customer support to contact.
@spacedyemeerkat yeah it's kinda sucky that there's no response at all i love her music .. but the silence is a slap in the face :( trying to be positive here
still no word on the vinyl. worried.
okay, this is getting really annoying. on top of the all the customs charges previously mentioned for the summer mailbox invasion, i still have not received a shipment notification for my art book, cd and vinyl package. it's been several days since i emailed customer service and surprise, surprise... no response. amanda, you may be the most fabulous artist on the planet but do you even *care* what's going with some of your customers' unfulfilled orders? i know this post won't be popular but seriously, this stuff should have been shipped weeks ago and we should have had proper updates in terms of the customer service side of things rather than the odd member of the general public popping up here to say there'd been an issue with vinyl manufacture, for example. do we accept this level of service from anywhere else? i certainly don't.
i did the $25 pledge and still haven't received my items. sent in a transaction error email but no response. i feel a little duped, its been a month and still nothing?
cd/vinyl/art book arrived today.  all three items are very pretty, and i'm looking forward to spending time with them (outside of the first couple songs released, i haven't listened to the album yet - got a download code, but haven't used it yet... wanted to see/have the physical copy first...). the twelve prints in the vinyl box (and the box itself) are really awesome. i have nicole hutson's phone book page.
still waiting in for book and cd in perth western australia. other people i know locally have theirs already, but haven't given up hope yet because it appears i am not the only one in this situation. dn't know who to email about it though.
got my package today - but instead of the vinyl i ordered, in the box w the kick-ass art book was the cd.  dammit!!  my turntable, she weeps!  anybody else have this happen (i thought i saw one or two down in the comments)?  sent an email to alliance, we'll see what happens...
@rudolf and @eugene:  same here in greece
the ups van just drove down my street and my heart rate rocketed through the roof....then it drove past my house and i'm left feeling mega sad :( this vinyl better be worth the damn wait...
@rudolf i am in the exact same situation as yourself, reside in singapore.
i'm in new england and have not yet received the cd, vinyl or artbook. i have received all other packages for "mailbox invasion".. can this be right?
yay cd, vinyl & artbook arrived  and wow they are beautiful!
both the artbook and cd arrived today in england. they are very good. :d
er, sorry, yancey strickler *facepalm*  i got excited, what can i say!  :d
also - yancey strickland - i have your page!!  commented on the thread here - http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php… with my email :) haven't seen my page on the list yet.  but what a fun lil game!
@karen, same here :(
still not received my digital download code. any news on that? checked my survey, and my email address is definitely correct
got my vinyl and the artbook today and they are beautiful! i got the phone book page for nancy mattice. if you would like your page get in touch with me and i will send it to you.
hey sordel  did you get an email before you got ur cd and artbook ? cheers
my book and cd arrived yesterday in the uk ... seems like for well over a week it had just been sitting in my local sorting office. don't despair if you're still waiting!
"your back/special order has not yet arrived. please know that we are working on getting it for you as soon as possible. as soon as it arrives, your order will be shipped! in the event the product becomes unavailable, we will notify you. thank you for your patience." :(
got my vinyl today, and it's goddamn beautiful.  totally worth the wait!  also got a phone book page with kimberly monaghan on it.  get a hold of me, kimberly, and i'll get your page to you!
goodness gracious, i arrive home to see ups has left a monster box with anti-tamper tape, and plastic cable wrapping.  i think what the hell is and see ap ks project on the label (and i got the shipping notice from the fulfillment weeks ago and just thought it was coming by pony express).  i thought i got the wrong package due to weight and massive size, until i opened it. the vinyl is, well there really aren't words for how awesome it is.  i do have a mystery though, there is a page from a phone book with what i think was a name written on it in probably chisel tip sharpie.  it was folded when the ink was too fresh and it's melded together.  i can make out a d and that's it.
i just got my vinyl and artbook today, and they are fabulous!  thank you so much, i'm so glad this went well for you!
i have not received notice of my vinyl/art book has been shipped yet either.  i am here in the us, so maybe they are still shipping?
received email notice on september 7 that my cd/art book package was shipped on august 31. still no sign of it...starting to worry! any other australians having the same problem? have emailed afp@aent.com but no response as yet.
haven't received shipping notice for cd/vinyl/art book yet either. was told they'd all go out this past week, hopefully there hasn't been any major delays.
i am a little worried also about how spread out the packages have been sent out and such.  i feel a little saddened that i could see afp and the gto live with vinyl and art books, but still haven't received my own copies from the kickstarter.  maybe they just bit off way more than they (afp and her personal crew of distributors) could chew, but i do wish there had been an update explaining this for the backers.  i mean, we did "pre-order" and i could go and pick up a cd for $10 before i get my pre-ordered version?  maybe a week or two in ... maybe i can understand that.  but it's been over a month now. who do i contact?
finally picked my art book up from the post office today; possibly one of the most beautiful music-related art pieces i've ever owned. also, alison e. blakey: i have your yellow page!
still haven't received any shipping notification for my vinyl and 'thank you card'. i'm in perth, wa australia
got my vinyl today, and i mist say it is stunning.
no confirmation about the shipment for me either :(
vinyl arrived today. i love the "thank you" card... now i need a record player. luckily i have the mp3s until then.
cool, vinyl arrived today, mind you it went to the wrong address but that is ups fault and i got it anyway. will listen to it all weekend.
i got my shipping notice today for my package, art book, vinyl, and cd. i can't wait to see them!
@ maya you are not alone without the cd/vinyl.
i haven't gotten a shipping notification for the vinyl yet. i am a bit worried. has anybody else not received a notification for the vinyl yet?
still waiting for cd and art book package in perth western australia. notification of shipment seems ages ago. hope they come soon.
album package came today.  it's awesome and beautiful and awesome.  and beautiful.
susie hilda may grey - i have your yellow page! :)
oh my that looks amazing. well worth the wait.
it does exist! my vinyl package came in today. pictures (http://outsidearkham.com/post/32835365541/amanda-palmer-and-the-grand-theft-orchestra) or it didn't happen....
pledged $125, wrote an email last week and asked for eta, no response. disappointed.
okay, so i got my order today, and i think they sent me the wrong thing: i ordered the $100 pledge signed art book that is supposed to include seventy pieces of art work, bios and interviews, but i think i got the cd with the hardbound case instead...help?
quick note. thanks amanda for being a professional and delivering everything you promised. that isn't always the case on kickstarter. i've been impressed by your willingness to do what is necessary to s.h.i.p.
also got notification on my vinyl shipping. interesting note: the package weighs five pounds. is it just me, or is that pretty heavy? wonder what else is in the box...
artbook and cd arrived in ireland today! it looks amazing! o/
finally got my vinyl shipping notification. just took almost a month.
for anyone interested, the vinyl packages were said to have started shipping last week. my tracking notice was sent about 20 minutes ago confirming my shipment. just though i'd give a heads up, they should be on the way.
has anyone in the states gotten their final mail invasion package? or pre-order ticket t-shirts? i have not.
i would love an update on the vinyl, i'm in canada. has anyone gotten their vinyl here?
still waiting on the vinyl. i'm okay because i know its a quality issue, but an update would be lovely.
i still have not received anything either :(  i pledged $25 and it seems everyone is getting their cds, etc. it's getting rather depressing...
i haven't received any of my mats yet either ($500 turntable pledge) nor have i received any information about them. but i'm sure the group has a lot of logistics to figure out, most of all for themselves. so i'm not terribly worried about it, and i'm putting it on faith that everything will be fine eventually. that said, hope the launch of the record itself has been awesome! <3
hmmm. haven't received my cd yet. i'm sure they're working on it. :)
i haven't received the vinyl from my $50 pledge, but i don't know if its because i'm in australia that its taking so long to get here. anyone in australia receive their record yet?
still havent received the art book.....anyone can fil lme in on the status. almost a month now. gr thom moesker
i haven't got any news on my vinyl-book, should i begin to worry? :(
there seem to be a lot of problems with people getting their digital download codes (and yes, i'm one; pledged at the $5 level) - could we at least please get an official update posted about what's going on (even if it's a "we don't know, but we know you are having problems") and either some instructions on how to fix it or a place to leave our names so that we don't feel like we've slipped through the cracks?
fourth 7" finally turned up here in england a couple of days ago. customs charges have reached £60. still waiting on the cd, vinyl and art book (and re-possession of my home due to anticipated non-payment of mortgage due to fees...).
eric said today that vinyl packages are shipping this week, in fact, some have already shipped. so light on the horizon.
i do hate to complain and i have been really enjoying my mp3 album but in uk, does anyone know of a way to trace their order?
my yellow page was ms. joonee or joenee . looking for mine, surprised to find my name spelled like this when i logged into the kickstarter. at least it's original, ha.
@nikos eric told me that himself on twitter. they're working with third parties to create this stuff but he specifically said they're the ones handling the orders.
yep, no trace of my vinyl
still no trace of the art book cd and vinyle here!
@jonathan d allen: what makes you think there are only 3 people dealing with this. i believe amanda has been working with a proper distribution company. eric, hayley and sean have been looking over various aspects of the process and help anyway they can, but i don't believe they solely handle with the thousands of orders
jill eymann, if you're reading this i have your yellow page! if you'd like it just tweet me @seeate.
part of the problem is that only three (!) people are working to service so many orders. the latest broken promise ship date on twitter was this monday or tuesday. no update on that but obviously that has been missed.
i agree with madnoir, an update on the vinyl situation would be nice.  especially since i want to enjoy the art book and other things that are coming with the vinyl.
uk here and still waiting for my cd and art book, only the download has come through- is there a way to track my order?
received the hardbound cd, but still haven't received the digital download. are these still being distributed in batches?
-the 3d thank you card is teh surprise, amanda said so on twitter. also some people received the yellow pages with the backers' names. that's a surprise too -people with problem in downloading contact topspin or eric  http://app.topspin.net/account/help_public     /     eric@amanda palmer.net for more problems check the latest update, or some comments here a bit further below or theshadowbox.net.  all answers are there ps patience and love
i still have nothing, absolutely nothing. i paid 7.50 from the beginning so i'm expecting a digital copy with some bonus tracks i think. who should i be contacting regarding how to get it?
anyone in australia received the signed art book and cd yet? still waiting on mine, though managing to enjoy the digital copy, got flac on request as others have pointed out.
the delay for the vinyl wouldn't be as bad if we were at least getting updates on the situation, but it's been 3 weeks since the last kickstarter update. now i'm just waiting for an album i paid well in advance for without the slightest help from anyone involved. i sincerely hope this isn't "the future of music".
still haven't received my cd or art book =/ is there any way to check on the shipping status?
also, if you're one of the many backers who wanted a flac download you can email topspin and they will send you a link for it!
does anyone know what the surprise gift is supposed to be? i received my package earlier this week (uk) and there was only the thank you card and cd inside it. if someone can tell me i would be very grateful! perhaps contact me via facebook so you don't ruin the surprise for people who haven't received theirs yet: http://facebook.com/hereinmyhead thanks!
same in france. hopefully it'll be there soon.
northern ireland here and still waiting on the vinyl :( but i have faith :) can't wait to listen to this album i need it so bad
yes...awaiting my vinyl as well....  *sigh*
still no download code.  :(  not to be ungrateful, but i'm starting to feel that way a wee bit.  it's frustrating that the people who have been supporting this album since the beginning are the last ones to get it.
just an update--- i had had problems with my download, but then contacted topspin and they took care of it. thanks to everyone who suggested this!!!
also if you have problems with the download go get it for free from amanda's website until you get a proper code
if you have problems with your download, use this support form: https://app.topspin.net/account/help_public
as of today we can officially say that the cds have invaded poland :d
uk backer, my album and thank you card turned up yesterday in the mail, very happy with it! the album casing is amazing!
both me and my friend have yet to receive our digital downloads. when will we be receiving them? also, another one of my friends already downloaded the cd on her computer but it was accidentally deleted, is there a way she can use her code again?
oh, i'm sorry, sussman's twitter now says that they're "hoping" that the vinyl package will ship early next week. still no direct communication to that fact. what a joke.
@nikos nosé hidalgo i don't honestly think they're going to keep the money, but i think the delay has become really inexcusable at this point when amanda said that the vinyl rework should be here "any minute" close to two weeks ago and we've heard nothing since then. i contacted eric and he said that they would be mailing the vinyl packages out this week. we haven't heard a peep and tomorrow is friday so at this point it looks like i'll get my copy of the album at least two weeks after the vanilla vinyl hit stores. quality control or not, that's poor time management if you didn't account for a two-week-plus delay if something didn't work out.
still awaiting my vinyl package here in virginia.  i live sort of off the beaten path so im assuming its just taking a while to get here.  so i will wait, check doorstep every day, and enjoy the digital download...
desperately seeking ysabeau, the owner of my phonebook page! :)
i just got my cd package in newfoundland, canada! i was starting to get worried it was lost. i got a phone book page with joshua s. fields on it. there's a thread for getting in touch with your page holder at http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php… so everyone should check that out!
not that i want eric to start drowning in emails, but after chasing around for customer service on this matter, eric - super manager - sussman asked me to email him; he not only explained the problem, but got it sorted, was incredibly helpful and polite and wonderful (and all those other things a lot of us felt was missing form the customer service so far) within minutes of my email. brilliant. so yes, don't want him to get overloaded by me saying this, but if anyone else is like me and has been chasing for answers, eric is your man.
are the uk deliveries starting to come through now then?  loving the download but just curious if there is any info on the uk arrival date yet.
thank you cheryl and nikos for replying.  it's good to know i'm not alone.
whoever likes movies... please support this project: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/69779335/the-passersby-short-film this film is part of a global, collaborative film project with people from various parts of the world trying to make this happen. the goal isn't that high (2k) but it still needs a lot more support.
@matt sweeney don't worry they made a mistake, the boxes were shipped earlier than expected so they're sending a seperate package with the cd.as far as i know, nobody from that pledge level received their cd with the 4th package as for the rest, also don't worry, they're not gonna steal our money and never send us the vinyl. amanda has always felt very strongly about releasing products of top quality and that's what they're trying to do with the vinyl.
@matt sweeney, et. al., i also pledged for the 7" + art book package, and have received all the 7" packages, and a separate mailing of the art/notart postcards, but no cd, no art book and no vinyl. i live in the us (san diego.) at least we're not alone. ;) i'm seeing on twitter that people in australia are receiving their packages. is the vinyl album problem still holding this up, are we out of luck, or is there something else going on? not sure how to get information.
not to sound ungrateful, but couldn't you have tagged the mp3s that came with the kickstarter album?  it's a bit of a pain to number and name 23 tracks.
i apologies if this question was asked earlier, i tried to do a scan for it but didn't see anything. i live in the us and had signed up for the 7" package.  i received my last 7" a few weeks ago (late aug./early sept).  based on the letter from amanda that was included in the package it sounded like i should have received my physical cd in the same shipment, but i didn't.  these leaves two questions, 1)  can anyone else (preferably in the us) who got the 7" package let me know if they got their physical cd in the same package as the last 7"? 2)  has anyone had any luck with customer service for physical packages?  i assume topspin is just handling the digital stuff since their a software company.  i emailed aent.com but haven't heard back from them.  anyone have any other ideas who i could contact?
is the vinyl package ever coming out, or did we just pay $50 for a $1 digital download?
i haven't received my digital download code. is there somewhere i should be going for this?
i don't know who to contact to help me out here - i got my download code for the deluxe digital download from kickstarter, and it seemed to download fine, but when i open the folder to try to unzip it, there is nothing there, no files, nothing.  and it won't let me re-download as it says i have exceeded my number of downloads (one).  i am sort of freaking out not being able to open this up and see all the goodness inside!  can some one please help me?!?!?
uk delivery today :)
ok just worked it out, backers name on new york yellow pages, duh :s
just received my cd today and the naked thank you card, got a special surprise gift too apparently, i think that must be the torn out page of a telephone directory with a name autographed on it in sharpie, looks like 'brian bilknap'. after extensive searching of the net i still can't find anything about this elusive character. who is this brian?!
pledged $300. completed survey a month ago. no dispatch email, no download link. am i missing a step?
my package seems to have gotten lost or  stolen (damn ups for leaving it in front of an apartment complex), but i'm glad i remembered about the digital version as well. just started listening and the music is amazing so far! it's probably highly unlikely, but if there's anyway i can get a replacement package (i'm really sorry to ask for this), i can be contacted at bryanx07@gmail.com
just reiterating: http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php… let's reunite as many people as possible with their page. tell all your friends.
@henry arthur thorpe please e-mail me.
i've written a support request, but wanted to tell henry arthur thorpe they can tweet me @b_a_d for their phonebook page
i got my package! amanda dickie here, looking for backer henry arthur thorpe. i have your phonebook page!
thanks for the info, peter! i contacted topspin via https://app.topspin.net/account/help_public and got a download link for the flac package within 15 minutes. :)
for those wanting a flac version: i immediately contacted topspin and after some back and forth, i finally got the right link for the kickstarter deluxe flac version today. yeah!
thnx :). yesterday i received my package :). yeah :). i'm really happy!!!
sometimes i wonder if anyone reads any of the previous comments in this thread :d
i haven't received my $50 vinyl package yet either.  i know that the sleeves had to be reprinted but i too was expecting to at least have an email about it by now.
i ordered a $50 vinyl package and i haven't even received a dispatch order yet which worries me as that is a lot of money i don't want to be wasted. and i really really want to listen to it soon :) has anyone on here received their 12 inch?
i'm sitting tight and refraining from listening to any more of the album until my copy arrives! uk backer here too. hopefully it'll arrive soon :)
@ noura kader  your order is on its way to you, don't worry. the emails were mixed up. read teh latest update for more info
i live in the us, and i still haven't received my package (i pledged 100$), and when i got the email that it had been shipped i they sent it with someone else's info (someone is missouri?!). i replied and notified them of the mistake but haven't gotten a response. what do i do?
i've finally received my cd package and it is awesome! also, i've got a phonebook page with the name li on it.
@jethro dix same here--i've not gotten an email with the link to the digital copy yet or the actual physical copy yet either.  i assume they are just overwhelmed with trying to process all these requests and i was going to wait a few more days and see if anything shows up before emailing about the download link.  i requested the vinyl so not surprised that it was delayed because the sleeve had to be reprinted.
im also waiting for my kickstarter bundle go shipping notice on 30/8 but no sign of it as of yet, not sure who we can chase  to check
i have still not recieved my kickstarter bundle through the post. i had a $25 bundle and am in uk. what should i do?
yay! my cd just arrived in kitchener, ontario, canada! so awesome ^_^
the cd has reach spain :-).
@kim mathieson, try reading down a little ;)
i'm so glad it's not just me in the uk that has'nt recived my cd yet. i'm sure things will be sorted out soon, if not them someone from amanda's team is bound to see that there is an issue and sort things out.
is there any news on cds being posted to the uk? all i can find in my updates is that it should have been received prior to release date; i still haven't got mine. has anyone in the uk received their cds yet? is there something i should be doing? and is there any more information on how to contact people to find out what s happening?
i still haven't received anything about my digital copy. am i being really dumb? i swear i haven't received any emails with links or anything, where should i be looking?
nope, nothing in the uk (and still no fourth 7", art book, or vinyl, either). like i've said many times before in this comments section, if the distributors have put an inflated value on the outside of the packages (exactly as they did with the summer mailbox invasion), your package will be holed up in customs right now. then you'll get a card through the door telling you to go to your post office where you'll be charged £8 handling fee plus vat on the value of the package. i desperately hope i'm wrong about this for those who 'just' ordered the cd.
deborah - i don't think anyone in the uk has theirs yet. i would give it 28 days (i.e. next week) before making too much of a fuss - although would have been nice to have gotten it before release day!
in the uk and still not received anything (other than digital version), three weeks after dispatch email was received. have emailed the contact details in the email and got no response. anyone else had this issue in uk? is there anyone else i can contact?
is anyone else having metadata issues? i saw sam had the same problem. having to manually enter artist and title is pretty bootleg. oh, so is the fact you can get a superior version of the album for $1.
new album is fucking awesome! so, so catchy!
received summer invasion package no.4 in japan today. received a yellow page with the backer night wolf written on it, will go to all social networks i am on. hope to connect you to your yellow page nightwolf where ever you are!
should have read comments first... will e-mail topspin. thanks!
i'm also having an issue with the digital download... i got a code in my e-mail but accidentally hit the cancel button when it was trying to save to my machine. tried to hit download again, but now it says that i've exceeded the number of allowed downloads. i e-mailed sean as soon as it happened (as i know he has helped with download problems before), but i haven't heard anything back. any help would be greatly appreciated! leeanndunton@gmail.com  thanks!
i hate facebook or trwitter so i wright it on this way. got my cd today and i hear it up and down. i love the thankcard in 3d :d hope to hear more about you and your team. every time again :d
only problem with buying the album again is that not all of the songs are included. not sure why flac was not offered as an option at download. 320-mp3 sounds great on my phone but a flac download would've been better.
just got my cd today. it's so beautiful :-) awesome job!
@ o8h7w: not sure why you are saying you don't trust me. i have nothing to do with this ks other than supporting it. i'm very happy with the download and it's quality of 320 mp3. i'm also getting the cd, vinyl and art book which have not arrived yet, but i'm content to wait. i love the tie ks 7' single collection that is now completed. my post, as stated, was simply to point out that flac is available for a nominal cost for those whose highly trained ears and expensive audio equipment must have it.
must...buy...ukulele....
@ c. eckman: yes, the principle of it is a problem. if i could be assured before paying that the available flac version is the best available quality, i.e. the exact same resolution as the master - essentially the master itself, then i'd pay nonetheless. but i don't exactly trust you right now, and i certainly don't want to be disappointed again. oh, and the quality of the pdf is a problem too. this is art we're trying to behold here, and this would be bad if it was just any backstage photos.
got the cd today and i was blown away.:) it's beautiful!
anyone in the uk got their cd yet?
i think that being able to buy the flac version is actually even more insulting.  so not only did we have to wait longer than if we'd bought it on release, we're also being treated to poor quality versions of the songs. the album is amazing.  the way this kickstarter has been run... not so much.
i received my art book and thank you card, but still no cd? were they shipped separately?
i thought i hadn't gotten a download code, but my email just put it in the spam folder.  obviously my email doesn't know what is important.
awesome album :) ps. 2102-02-21 ?:)
still no download code!
of course we could pay the buck to get the flac, but obviously we already paid. it's absolutely the principal of the thing. we already paid what we wanted when we backed the project. the least they could do is give us the option of lossless if we wanted it (which, of course, many of us do).
flac people. if you want flac really bad right now because 320 mp3 makes your ears bleed you can get the album plus 4 extra songs on her website in flac for $1. the $1 is to help with the cost of covering other's songs. i am guessing video games must be on there. http://www.amandapalmer.net/shop/pay-what-you-want/ yes, i know you won't get every song on the ks digital download in flac. if the principle of it still upsets you though please feel free to keep posting here. i'm just posting this as a service to those who may be unaware the flac is available at a nominal cost for those who really want it in this digital format.
i tried to download and it got interrupted tried to put my code in again and it says i have exceeded the number of downloads. phoenix6926@yahoo.com
update on missing download code (due to my own error in the ks survey)...as stated by many on here, if you are having any issues with the download, contact topspin...they took care of it same day and my work day is now enhanced by afp
@paul ewart, i chuckled at the last sentence... nice! general reminder to people: if you received a telephone directory page, please go to http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php… and post the details.
help! the songs are stuck in my head where they've been going round and round for days/weeks. i go to sleep and i have 'the killing type' in my head, i wake up and i realise i'm already humming 'want it back'. thank god the cd still hasn't come yet, or i'd be playing it in the car too and my neurons would all remap. thank you amanda palmer, your lackadaisical attitude to getting backers cds out has saved me from a total brainwashing!
a number of days ago, i received my download code. almost tried to grab it on the phone, and am glad i didn't based on some of the comments. grabbed it from my pc, no issues. yesterday, ups delivered my package (thank you for sending out delivery notices, i've had a few ks projects not do that) and the book is very lovely. the cd album is nearly as much a work of art as the book, and the ks gift was an unexpected bonus that made me smile. also, there was a phone book page included, pretty sure it reads "mark staudt" so, there you go. this ks was quite fun, even if i never did hear back about upgrading to the cd & vinyl version.
i'm disappointed with flac not being available. mp3 is a demoversion of music.
got it sorted out quickly. find your email from amanda f palmer/kickstarter, go all the way to the bottom and click on customer support -topspin. they will help you- remember to be nice. :)
it doesn't seem right that if you buy the album now for $1 you can get nearly as many songs, in flac quality, but if you supported the project from the begging you only get it in 320 kbps mp3! i love the album, but what's going on amanda? the music is awesome as expected (more even) but i'm disappointed at the quality! i still haven't received the disc either, but i'm sure that's just royal mail being incompetent, as always. if you could somehow arrange a flac download for us backers who want it that would be amazing! won't be happy if i have to pay for a download too... not that i mind giving you the money, but i couldn't really afford my pledge and it's the principal more than anything.
i got the music downloaded but didn't save the other documents and they have disappeared. i have searched  a million different ways and cannot find them.  i saw them; i know they existed but i have no idea where that download put them.   i sent in a support question as you suggested.   thanks.
got my download a couple days ago. downloaded quickly and everything seems fine.  for those of having download problems: seriously, read previous comments. -several- people have said that they emailed topspin and got things straightened out right away. commenting here isn't going to do you a whole lot of good since none of us can really do anything.  hit up customer service if you're having problems or have yet to receive your code. for those asking about the vinyl, i received an e-mail a few days ago saying they hadn't been satisfied with the vinyl covers and had them redone, but would be mailing them out as soon as they arrived (they estimated it as "hopefully within the next ten days."
still waiting on my download code. super bummed that i went to the philadelphia show and couldn't come home to pick it up :<
got my code 2 days ago. i tried to download it but the download never started. now my redemtions has been exceeded -with one try... really not happy... anyone else experiencing this?! any solution?!
still no download code. :/
hey, i have an idea which only like twenty-seven people posted here before me! write a support request if you're having problems with your download: https://app.topspin.net/account/help_public
hey scout, me too - my download code says limit excededed now - did you find a solution?
wish they included an edit button here on kickstarter. redemptions*
recieved my code yesterday. i tried to download it but the download never started. now my redemtions has been exceeded -with one try... not happy.  : /
@andreea r: i'm in poland and i haven't gotten my cd yet too. i'm guessing they are sending the packages from the states, so we have to give it a week or even two for them to come to the ue ;)  i doubt if they are sending everything by some super-duper expensive courier services... more likely an economy overseas mail :p
has anybody got their vinyl and signed art books yet (the ones from $300 summer invasion)?
got the download, got the album, got rockin' ! shame so many people seem to be having problems, i can't see any good comments on here! flac comments are valid, i'm pretty sure i got flac files for the 'evening with afp/ng' project i also backed. it would have been nice to have the choice but at the same time the mp3 files are more than adequate and the music is great. personally i'm more than happy with the download and am looking forward to getting the cd! :)
@andreea r, yes, but it's in the form of a postcard through the door, several weeks after the package should have arrived. it's like missing a recorded delivery except it asks you to pay handsome sums of moolah :d
@spacedyemeerkat  thanks for the reply. (if that's the case shouldn't i at least get a notice of some sorts from hmrc or the royal mail ?) i'll give it until the end of the week ... :sigh:  good luck with your order !
to the people without a d/l code. i emailed topspin direct and they sorted me out in a matter of minutes.
still no code for me. seriously getting fidgety over here.
@andreea r, you may be in the same boat as those of us who bought the summer mailbox invasion set. that is, they may have put a ridiculously high value on the outside of the packet and your shiny cd is sitting in customs. if it is, you'll have to pay some vat and an £8 charge to the post office. you may get lucky and it'll turn up any day, though. no cd here (nor vinyl, nor artbook, nor fourth 7") yet.
got my download code yesterday but my cd hasn't arrived yet. does anybode else in the uk have the same problem? i got a notification that my order has been shipped on the 29th august...??!!
the same problem as many, my download failed and i can't try again :/
i've yet to receive a download code, and i did fill out the survey. sadness.
so, does anyone know if the art book that was for sale at the concert for $50 is the same one for the kickstarter? i know the albums are different versions.
i got my download on the first try with no trouble.  but when i extract the files, there's some strangeness in the tags, and windows media player thinks some of the songs are hours long.  and apparently the "length" tag isn't editable.
i've yet to receive a download code. rather bummed. i was hoping to come home and have a jam session.  :c
thanks for the link darren, my download failed and all i get now is the redemptions exceeded message, and there is no link in the email or the page linked for help.
jfc. my file crashed and now i can't download it again
i got my code. guess i shouldn't have tried to download it to my phone though. epic fail, and now i can't try again, due to redemption exceeded message...i'll try contacting topspin and see if they can assist.
download failed the first time so 'redemptions exceeded' problem here too. why does it only give you one chance? even the most paranoid big record labels give you a few chances to re-download stuff before they lock you out
topspin folks were quick to respond and i got to download it (finally)
for those who haven't received a download code: use topspin's support request form and mention that you haven't received your download code. https://app.topspin.net/account/help_public
well, i received a download code, started downloading, and then the download was 'interrupted' (not by me), and when i tried to download again, i get 'the number of redemptions for this code has been exceeded".  i guess that means no music for me.  :(
also never got an email. i checked my response and it's the correct email. i checked my spam and trash folders, nothing. :(
...well, i feel like a grade a jackass now.  just checked my survey response and saw i had 1 letter off in my email address.  so i have to believe my lack of code is, in the end, my fault...of course now i have no idea how to get hold of the afpowers that be to correct it...alas...
tried tweeting and have gotten no reply.
has anyone tried to contact them outside ks?  twitter or the facebook?  i don't subscribe to social media otherwise i would myself...this needs resolution asap...
i still haven't gotten anything yet. seriously disappointed.
major fail and really bad form to have so many not received their download code (me too).
is anyone else *still* waiting for a download code e-mail, or is that just me?  i'm sure afp and company are overwhelmed today, but this is kind of ridiculous.
311,0 mb? that's supposed to be a shit-ton of music? and a pdf full of art? i waited for my download to complete with a feeling of mistrust and shadowing disappointment. my fears were proven right. please, amanda fucking palmer, listen to the thing! mp3 just doesn't cut it for music this thick. even in 320 kbps. and the best solution is actually easy. flac in the same resolution as the original master, that is, the unaltered music! it may take longer to download than to listen through, yes, but i only download once. oh, and the similarly overcompressed pdf doesn't exactly do the art justice either. the art for "the bed song" is... eh... i can't quite figure out what it is. anyone knows some other place where i can have a better look at that? i really want to see it...
if your download failed, check the other comments!  they are mighty in their wisdom.
anyone know where to get my redemption code?? i have no idea where it is? x
awww, i still haven't had an email, it is sad   :( xx
no email here either. seems bad form to make the thing available to purchase generally before the backers are taken care of. have had to resort to downloading a pirate copy.
no download code for me...not in spam, trash or inbox...did i miss something?  honestly, i want the bloody thing so bad, i may just pay again...
download failed. it got up and hanged and then quit - and when i try to re-do the download, it says "number of redemptions for this code has been exceeded". oh my gosh~
i get "the number of redemptions for this code has been exceeded" error when i try downloading, even though its my first time entering it.
same @ paul roberts.
my download failed! i put in the redemption code, it got stuck at "19 mins left" and although i have a compressed zip folder, i can't open it, and apparently i can't extract files from it because there aren't any inside, and top it off i've exceeded my redemption code :( is there any way of getting either a new code or having another chance to download through my existing code?
no download codes for me yet :(
i also would really prefer a losless (best flac) download. on another side i also would really like to watch the video of "the killing type", but because i live in germany that is not possibly thanks to gema/youtube.
at least most of you managed to get it in mp3 format.  my company's firewall seems to have blocked the download and i longer seem to be able to use the link/code sent to me this morning.  "theatre is evil is ready for you!!" - not so much!
like valad amoleo, i'm somewhat disappointed that we didn't get to choose our album format. it is available lossless from amandapalmer.net/shop, so i don't understand why we only get the mp3? :(
@mike schmitt: thanks for the hint :) hope this will help my case too
downloading now. oh, i can't wait!
i thought we were getting a lossless version for download.
thanks to the other commentors (which i didn't even bother to check first), i got my support request in already.  for anyone who hasn't seen it yet, look for the "support" link hidden rather stealthily at the bottom of the e-mail ;-)
download failed.  it got up to 42mb and then quit - and when i try to re-do the download, it says "number of redemptions for this code has been exceeded".  so i'm stuck with an unopenable 42mb zip file :'(
listening to the album now.  it is well worth the weight.  much better than 90% of what you hear on the radio.
excellent, prompt support for my download problem. kudos to all involved!
*were not where
where the yellow pages distributed randomly, or was i supposed to get my page? i have garry mclaughlin's page instead....
if you don't get the email check your spam folder. yahoo directed this email to my spam folder, all the other kickstarter emails have gone to my inbox. glad i checked the message board or i might have missed it.
for anyone having trouble download, click the "customer support" link on the bottom of your email. they helped me sort it out. one thing i'm kind of bummed about is the lack of lossless. 320 certainly isn't bad, don't get me wrong, but the option would have been nice.
if anyone else has a problem similar to mine -- hey, there's a first time for everything! -- this is a direct link to topspin's support request form. https://app.topspin.net/account/help_public. they were indeed very responsive, getting me a link in less than five minutes.
my download failed and now i can't restart the download because of the redemptions exceeded message :(
bah! i did what they said and waited a few minutes before trying again, and now it loops on "the number of redemptions for this code has been exceeded. enter your redemption code" without ever giving me a customer support number/form/address. i'm not mad, i have faith that someone will eventually sort it out for me. right now i'm just disappointed. i was really looking forward to all the extra stuff!
i just redemm ur lovely songs amanda palmer! <3
i just got the same "exemptions exceeded"  message on my first attempt. i am quite bummed out.
i had the same "the number of redemptions for this code has been exceeded" problem, but when i filled out the customer support form on topspin's site, i got a response a couple minutes later with a fixed link. give that a try -- i was really surprised at how fast their response was.
i got my 5$ level code a cupple of minute ago. it´s all there, 23 tracks, three videos, two pdfs and the album cover.
so i just got my dl code. now was the $1 level sent out? will there be another code sent out for those who did the $5 level? that's the part i'm confused about.
just tried the digital download, and got  ' number of redemptions exceeded on this code' has anyone else struck this problem?
jonathan d allen - next week on vinyl per eric on twitter. i just got my digital download code.
i mean out, not not out o_o.
digital download album is not out (uk) :d. can't wait to delve in.
my book arrived and the surprise is really cool! (no spoilers)  i have katie hyden's phone book page. who is compiling the phone book pages? neeeeeeat!
has anyone received word on the vinyl album shipping yet?
i pledged $1 or more at $5 before there was a $5 category. seems like i'm stuck in that $1 category :( (also, no email since update #14)
i just mine in the mail today.
i am going to cry because i did not receive my cd yet. will someone please help?
@emma i din't mean it like that. i meant that you wouldn't have the chance to buy anything but the standard cd which would be much inferior to the kickstarter one, so you shouldn't feel backing the project was pointless
@nikos yes, i could also buy the standard cd, but i don't really want to pay twice. thanks for the help.
@emma proctor the kickstarter album won't be released anywhere.same thing with the rest of the items. if you hadn't backed this you could just buy the standard cd.
songs and videos all sounding wonderful, so glad that i did back, but mightily miffed that i had to check the album out on spotify as no hard or digital copy had made its way to me before the album was released in the uk.  feel as though backing the project was a little pointless as i would own the album sooner if i'd just waited and bought it today. i am disappoint.
@kayla spafford where do you live? you haven't received any of the 7" vinyls yet? i would contact eric if i were you. haven't you received any shipping confirmation emails? the first vinyl was sent out by the end of july.
ahh, never mind, just read the update. hopefully something comes soon!
considering that i pledged $300 for the summer mailbox invasion, arts and crafts series, & art book and haven't received a single package i am a little bit more than disappointed. especially since it seems like most people had received theirs.
i'm kind of bummed that it is already on sale here in australia before the download was made available or my package arrived.takes a bit of the shine off being a backer.
thanks rena! the updates are great, a lot of info, so i am sure i missed it. can't wait!
it is stated that the download codes are planned to go out tuesday/wednesday. also many of the questions are answered in the 19th update. just a reminder for people who might have missed it
yes please, when do we get the digital download?!? can't wait! thanks,   joe
to the last commenter: update #19 says we'll have the digital download the same day the album is released in our respective countries. (not in those words, but i believe that's the gist of it.) a little disappointed that i'm still waiting for the download (i thought being a backer would mean that i'd get stuff before the public), but... i know that when it comes it will be amazing, and i'll get content that can't be had by those pre-ordering it currently, so i'm content to wait a few more days. i know that y'all have had some snags (which probably increased the cost) and you're working your asses off trying to get everything done. thanks for keeping us updated. :) it's appreciated. note: given that there are more backers getting one of the digital downloads than anything else... it would be nice if the updates about it were easier to find. (just something to keep in mind for future endeavors.) i honestly missed it my first time looking through update #19, and had trouble finding it even after going back to re-read it since someone commented here that there was info about the download in update #19. i'm assuming there's a reason the digital download isn't being given to us before it was released publicly, but i'd be interested to know what that is. was it a matter of not wanting it to leak digitally before it was digitally released to the public? seems reasonable to me. just curious. i do follow amanda on both twitter and tumblr, but there's honestly too many tweets to sift through for specific information, and i didn't actually find anything about the digital download on her tumblr or regular blog aside from: stuff is being shipped and will come. i may have missed it. i tend to skim rather than read every word... ^-^;; sorry.
maybe i missed something, when will we get the digital download?
i agree with jerimy - i feel a bit gypped that i supported the kickstarter but people who didn't get to listen to a digital copy before i do.
@michael turnbull yes, i posted about the customs charges in the uk earlier in this comments section. mighty expensive (i've paid the same as you so far). i ended up emailing someone called eric who wasn't terribly helpful, it has to be said, but he was limited in what he could do. the problem stems from the rampant over-estimation on the value of each package's contents, in my opinion. on the plus side, isn't the video for killing type amazing?
wait, if it is release am i meant to have the digital deluxe download copy yet? i am confused as i haven't heard anything lol
hopefully we will get the album soon after getting that email.
my 5th package email came through! i am beside myself with excitement. does that mean the vinyl albums are good to go now? doug: you don't. you've already bought it by donating. :)
i'm confused. why do i have to buy the album, despite donating? am i missing something?
got my stuff, all good here, thank you thank you thank you!
i was sad too - no shipping confirmation or download code.  but see update #19 which says there were a few glitches but they are sorting it out.  and while the e-mail notifications have wrong info in them, the update says the problem is only with the e-mail and not the shipment.    waiting.......
was sad i hadn't received shipping confirmation or digital download code  yet.  but see update #19 that came out - it says there have been a few glitches but they are working it out.  and all those people who got e-mails saying your stuff was being shipped to another person/address - the updates says the problem is only in the e-mail and your shipment shouldn't be screwed up.
no e-mail with shipping confirmation (and i need to give them a different address to ship to, which they promised we'd be able to do).  no deluxe digital download.    very disappointed after such a long wait.
thank you so much for releasing even more amazing music!
and here sat i, hoping the future of music did not involve pointless delays, especially not for downloadable music. well, well.... still looking forward to tuesday or so. :) :/
jerimi - you can listen online here > http://hypem.com/search/amanda%20palmer
erika: no, you should check the forum first ad if your question isn't answer there you an email kickstarter@amandapalmer.net keep in mind that thousands of emails are flooding in asking the same questions, and the very awesome people on the shadowbox have taken the time to compile all your answers. an address change is a different story. that you should utilize the kickstarter email or twitter for.
people with problems visit the shadowbox.net amanda's official forum (http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php…). many of your questions have been answered there. the same thing applies with amanda's twitter, and she is preparing an update to clear things out. by sending multiple emails to the company with the same problem only clutters their inbox and makes it more difficult to reply to everyone.
andrea: are you contacting them at afp@aent.com? because i have emailed every single day since i saw the shipment confirmation - going to the wrong address, and no one has gotten back to me. i've even tried signing up for the stupid ups my choice - but it won't let me change the delivery address - only the sender can. and i know ups will just leave it at the door, not leave a tag... so, either i take the day off from work and sit in my car waiting at someone else's house for the ups truck or... i guess i don't get my stuff... :(
oh, duh, of course the shadowbox already has this! : http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php…
i'm not sure how we'd all go about it --  maybe a forum? the phone book pages were from the closing kickstarter party; there are a bunch of pictures in one of the updates. everybody who backed had a page with their name written on it and they put them in a big glass case in which many people (including afp) danced around insanely. it looked awesome.
also, what was the deal with the phone book pages anyway???
@kristin how would one even be able to tell where the page came from? i've got a page with karaoke listings and what i think says "wine" sharpied on it.
i would love to find the person whose phone book page i got in the mail, so that i can give to them. i wonder if we can set up some sort of exchange?
i live in the uk, and i reckon these boxes are taking four to six weeks to get here. i hope that i have my stuff before the shows here. also, my want it back 7'' arrived with a sort of a vinyl wart on it, making it unplayable. i sent a message asking what i can do about getting a replacement, but they didn't get back to me yet. i don't want to have to pay to return it, as i've already incurred a further 41 pounds in customs charges so far. hopefully everything will turn out okay.
oh!  thanks, andrea!  :)
jerimi you can pre-order the digital downloads, but everyone gets theirs (whether you backed it on kickstarter or through amanda's site) at the same time. don't quote me but i believe on the 10th download codes are out. i'm a 7" backer and yeah, our boxes are incomplete, but that was a mistake with the shipping company (some stuff got sent early) so we're all getting second shipments with the remaining items. everything is being shipped in waves by pledge level and i can honestly say no one has been forgotten. team afp has been really awesome in getting back to me and people i know really quickly to answer any questions. a lot of answers to questions here have all been answered on her forum theshadowbox.net as well as twitter. you should check out the forum, plenty of info there :)
got my reward. the bed song made my mother cry.
aw. kind of bummed that people can buy the digital album before i get to hear it. any idea when the digital copies for backers will come out?
i'm in the art book group and it has yet to arrive. :c  i haven't received any emails about it either.
i'm in the art book group. got an email yesterday that mine is being shipped! unfortunately it's being shipped to someone i don't know in massachusetts and i'm in texas. still waiting for an email response. i think this turned out to be bigger than anyone ever dreamed it could be and it'll just take some time to get stuff fixed and on track. they've got almost 25 thousand orders to ship.
received the package in the mail today and my girlfriend was very happy with the design of the art cd.
@spacedyemeerkat in the faqs it said the 7"s would each come with digital downloads, we'll definitely be getting a digital copy of the album if that's what you're referring to.
gabriel, i got the same box as you (with a lauren instead of fiona): 7" and stickers etc but no album.  i was looking around for info and one of palmer's tweets said boxes are going out in batches.  i think you and i are in the same boat where we got the latest vinyl single box, but not the book and album box and we just need to be patient.  *sigh*
got my cd in the mail about an hour ago. it. is. awesome. and i haven't even listened to it yet xp thanks!
got a package today with some of the stuff ... but not all of it.  i wonder if this last set was supposed to come in two packages?  (got another vinyl single, a little backer book about me, the cool little picture deal, more "art, no art" and the yellow pages inked with fiona and the letter ... no art book or cd or postcards that were mentioned in the letter, though.) i'm wondering if a general update explaining the process now would be helpful.  i will say that, of all the projects i've backed, this one had been on time and complete and consistent where the others had not.  that's really awesome and we know about the tons of work they've put into this.  i wanna thank them for doing so well up to now.  i hope there was just a little mix up in some packages since then.
i haven't received my package, nor have i received any email with a download for the digital copy, and the album is released in australia and nz today, which is where i live. too broke to go out and buy a copy now, and i shouldn't have to, having backed the kickstarter where's my digital download??? :(
someone named leina'ala dicus is apparently getting my order :(  sent an email in reply to afp@aent.com, hopefully someone will be working this out.
theatre may be evil but amanda palmer has made me feel special today. received my advance (kickstarter backer) copy of her new cd today and it is quite amazing. some songs push my musical envelope a bit more than is comfortable but that is a good thing to have happen now and again. i am totally looking forward to the dc show next week! also if anyone knows "paige carter" i have her superpages page and i would be happy to send her a picture/high rez scan.
i'm in the group with the art book, too. i've not received any shipping notifications, emails about digital downloads, none of it. :/
i followed the ups tracking link in my e-mail and it said that my package was delivered yesterday...to my old address. someone else has my cd and whatever the surprise was. i had planned to just buy a regular copy of the cd if this happened, but now i'm kinda broke, so i can't. so incredibly bummed.
should i be concerned that i haven't received my bundle yet?
i'm confused.  it appears i could buy a digital download of the album direct from afp's webstore... should backers not have received the info how how to get downloads by now then?
yay - i got my cd! it's awesome, a tiny book! and the little stereogram thing is very cool too. but sadly, i have a really hard time "seeing" stuff like that. i didn't get any phonebook pages though. *kicks rock* - can't wait to get my downloadable stuff too. i imagine it will be out shortly after the "proper" release?
i have still only received the first two mailbox packages. i received an e-mail saying the third one shipped last week, but nothing has arrived. i know that my forwarding address updated correctly, as i have received other mail sent to my last address. does anyone know who i should contact? would it be afp@aent.com? surely i should have at least gotten the third package by now. i am in michigan if that matters as far as shipping times goes.
i'm suppose to be receiving backer-exclusive signed art book + cd, anyidea when that will arrive? i'm dieing with anticipation!
i received my deluxe cd and amazing thank you card in today's post. it looks gorgeous. thank you to everyone involved in making this happen.
still waiting on any information/e-mail about my $125 package being sent, i live in sweden.. and going to the us for 10 days tomorrow. gah, i hope it'll be there when i get home..
as the album is technically available to buy in shops in oz, should we not have our digital download codes by now? #justwantitnow
find your name in the yello pages if you have received your kickstarter order, you most likely have received a torn page off of a phonebook with a name on it. here is the exchange topic in order to reunite each backer with their corresponding name (http://www.theshadowbox.net/forum/index.php…). in order to do this leave a reply here with the name you received (and maybe a photo of the page if you want) so i can compile a list and hopefully by the end people can trade their pages with the ones with their name on it. your contact info will be a link to your shadowbox profile so people can pm you or if you want you can leave an email address too. i'll do my best to update the list everytime there are new entries. the first column will include the names on the pages and next to them the contact info of the person who has them. if you find your name and successfully make an exchange leave a reply here also so i can cross off your name and mark it as a success! if you don't have and don't want a shadowbox profile send me an email here: nicknmelgr[at]yahoo[dot]gr   (replace [at] with @ and [dot] with .)
like some of the rest of you, i got an email with someone else's address - am hoping it's just that all the books got sent out in one go and there was a bit of a cockup, but we'll all get one. but, will mcrostie of adelaide, if you see this, your (or my!) book is on it's way to you!
when did you guys get shipping information? i still haven't even received that, and i know of at least one dude who's already got the album in the mail.
thanks robert.  i have faith that somewhere out there, a book is winging its way to me - after having been purportedly shipped to someone in arkansas or something.   it'll be ok.
i forgot, erica but my e-mail says being shipped to lizz nedved, sorry!
many thanks for the information erica yeager!!!
i got that email too. what's up afp?
oh! hey robert mais, i think this is going to work out - the tracking # for my book?  says it is being sent to you.  i am betting that we'll each get our books, but that the tracking numbers and addresses got shuffled and sent to the wrong folks.  but: you are getting a book, it is on route.  squee away!
i too got an email telling me the book was being sent to someone else - and the tracking number shows that the package is scheduled to be on its way to colorado (i'm in maryland).  hopefully they just mixed up which emails go with which addresses, or who gets what tracking #, and it'll get sorted.
likewise, the email saying it is going to someone else.  hope that is just a goof in the email, but the tracking number is either bad or not entered yet d:
me too!  i replied back to the email with my correct name and address but now i'm wondering if that was some kind of spam or hack!
just got my e-mail stating my art book is being sent to another person in another state.
janice - me too!  my stuff was sent to the wrong person!  hoping it was really sent to me and the e-mail was an error.  :(
ups man left a package today.  yep!  listening to the cd as i'm typing this.  call me out of touch but cds are the way to go.  only cause reel to reel wasn't an option!
hi, you sent my stuff to the wrong person. i am sad.
@paul same here, address is off, content seems to be off too... hopefully everything will be settled on time.
@paul i just got a similar email, with a totally off address.  aent.com looks fairly legit for the purpose, and the items and timing fits. i hope they have just mixed up the email addresses for those shipping mails, and are not sending amanda randomly all over the world in small bits.
i just got an email for afp@aent.com with a tracking number for my amanda palmer goodies. however, the address listed in the email is incorrect (not even the correct country). is this spam? or legit? what should i do?
got my package today, total excitement!! brad kennedy i have your page from the phone book thank yous lol if anyone can find mine i'll give brad his...
@matt fox: interesting comment re the digital download for mailbox invasion customers because the description clearly states that we'll get a copy digitally. i received my third package this morning (now up to £45 in customs charges!). agree with previous posters that it's very confusing since the letter states one more package will be sent and that will be the book, cd and vinyl. hopefully nikos is correct and it'll contain the 7", too.
@taylor poole  this is what amanda said on twitter "@amandapalmer there was some confusion. 2 bundles got sent w/ missing items. a second shipment is coming to you! "
i have to say that i am confused as well. i did the summer mailbox invasion. i just received my latest box and it had a letter from amanda, the 4th single, a zine, a stereoscopic thank you card, a torn out page of a phone book with a word written on it, and another pack of art / not art stickers. the phone book page is confusing enough, but i was also confused about a few things amanda said in her letter. first she mentions printing some of the art / not art photos on postcards as a surprise. those were not in my package but instead a whole new set of art / not art stickers. the second thing is when she says, "anyway: you know what time it is. album time. this is it. you've got it." but i do not have the package with the art book, cd, and vinyl. the last thing is her saying she was including a tour flyer i did not see one in the package. i also have not received anything about the deluxe digital download. i am hoping someone can explain these things to me.
the cd is being released on friday here in aus, but i haven't recieved my package yet (containing cd + book) :(
ok sorry i got confused by something and now feel a bit stupid
the cd is out on friday in new zealand and australia, sunday and monday in europe and tuesday in america
so is the cd coming out this thursday?
so i'm really confused.. i got the 4th package, and even in the letter amanda says smth about the album.. but there is no album. i thought at first we will have 5 packages, 4 - cratfs and one with the book and an album, but here she talks that 'we've got it'. anybody as confused as me? what was in your 4th package?
hmm, everyone seems to have been sent a message that their stuff has been dispatched...except me. maybe it's because i ordered the book as well...
for those who (like me) have changed addresses- it looks as though they are not contacting us before shipping, as they promised to. i got a shipping notice two days ago, and my package is being sent to my old address. since i moved to a different country, it won't be forwarded to me by the postal system. i'm heartbroken, and i have tried every means that i can find of getting someone's attention about this, but there's been no response from anyone anywhere. i even left questions on both amanda and neil's tumblrs about it. maybe if more of us do the same they will pay attention?
i received my mailbox invasion #4, which was supposed to include the album (and art book, etc.) but it was only the arts and crafts portion... have any other invasion pledgers received their fourth package yet?
@nikos nosé hidalgo thanks for the info, i feel better to know it's combined into one, i thought maybe i miscounted but luckily i just misunderstood.  and yes, that was my photo amanda tweeted earlier with the map, it was s spontaneous pic i took as i was heading out the door for the day. confused many people since i had "here" written on my arm but turned out to be helpful if i wanted to point at various things. @derek can't wait to see your pics.  i am slowly getting an idea with various knick knacks about the house, will work on it tomorrow while my kids is at school. not sure if i can make my idea and reality.
@fushigifox i am almost finished with my art poster from 3rd package. lit it on fire!! and there's some faux blood ala food dye. will be posting the pics soon.
@fushigifox it means that your next package apart from the 7" vinyl and the arts & crafts project it will also have the rest of the stuff that comes with your pledge level (cd, art book, vinyl). they just combined the 4th and 5th package into one in order to get your stuff in time for the official release date. also, was that your photo amanda tweeted earlier with the yellow vinyl and the map?if so kudos for teh creative idea!
i have received my email that i'll got my package. i'm at the cd tier if that's ant indication.
received my 3rd package in japan yesterday.  i am a bit concerned that the letter with it stated that the next package is the one with the book and album? i thought the home page said there would be a total of five packages? does that mean there will be no  package containing a 4th 7" & craft?  a bit confused.  the 3rd package craft is a cool concept but i kinda wished it was a magnetic board cause then we can change the frame art daily then.  has anyone played with theirs yet? still trying to think of what to make with it.
i have only received the 3rd email from the summer invasion vinyls which corresponds to the 4rth one judging from the fact that most people got their 3rd vinyl whithout having received an email first. in my hands i currently hold the first two vinyls, so i'm still waiting for the other two plus the cd and vinyl of the album for which i haven't received an email either.sorry if that's confusing...
i haven't received any email about my stuff being shipped. am i the only one?
brent, i'm missing the digital download, myself.  i'm hoping to get it soon!
it seemed to take a while for my second package to arrive, but i got the third just a couple days later - the first on monday followed by the second on thursday. i hope eeryone's packages arrive soon. for the person who asked about digital downloads - i saw sean mention that there wasn't going to be any for summer invasion backers, that it was out of his hands. at least the album release is close!
attn: how to find address info...look on the right side of page (where it shows different levels to back)and scroll to what project amount you have chosen to back. there is an estimated delivery with date and underneath it, it says...survey sent (date listed) and your response in blue next to it....click on it and it will show your info! hope this helps!
i also am wanting to check on what address you have for shipping my items too! contact me at melaniesunshineheim@gmail.com
karen - i am in the same exact situation, and was just looking for a way to contact someone with my new address.  hopefully they will see the comments!
like a few people said below, i changed my address since i ordered, but haven't gotten a second email to update it for shipping like they said. hope they will send that soon so it doesn't go to my old address! anyone else in the same situation?
is there any way to understand what has been shipped and when, so i don't miss something?
did i miss the digital download link, or has that not been released yet?
am i the only one who has changed their address and not gotten the email asking what the address is? starting to worry thinking it made it into my spam folder and i deleted it >.<
@josh bryant i haven't received mine and to be honest i'm not worried. judging from the previous two that i got 2-3weeks after the first person posted on twitter they got theirs, i'm not expecting the third to come here before september 10th. i live in greece btw.
has everyone else already received their third mailbox package? i still haven't and i'm worried. i moved since getting my second package, but updated my address with the post office. i want to make sure that the rest of my afp mail gets to me at my new address!
@peter putzer the package value for me was $71.50. it's a 7", a nice cardboard box (big enough for 4x7", no more) and a pad of stickers. it is in no way worth $71.50. i've dropped an email through to an alternative email address afp@aent.com eventually gave me. i'll let you know what happens. @samuel sebastian holden bramah thank you for the suggestion!
@spacedyemeerkat i've got the same problem. got an email some time ago about the first summer invasion shipping and then last week i had a slip of paper in my mailbox that i could go pick up an amanda palmer kickstarter package if i paid eur 21.70 (11.70 customs and 10.00 handling fee for the postal service). i mailed afp@aent.com and the replies where rather unhelpful. i haven't picked up the box yet, so i don't know what value the put on the package, but a 7" single should not be more than us$ 27.- (which is the customs exemption limit). afp@aent.com flat out refused to do anything about that. if they keep putting inflated value stickers on the packages, this will be a rather expensive birthday gift i made myself :(
@tania risko: where does it say that they're out of funds?
being that each package was not worth the $75 the one update said they would, i don't understand why there would already not be enough funds to cover their packages.
samuel i sent you an email. thank you for your response!
had my second!!! yey... no new emails though. nikos... unfortunately for you and fortunately for me, my trip to berlin is back on!!! yey... but... only 2 of us will be going, as one of my two boyfriends does not have enough money to come and has decided to stay in palma while my first boyfriend and i go off gallavanting in the germanies... sooooo... if you can be there, we can arrange for you to get that ticket if you want... i can even tell you where we are staying if you need somewhere to crash (it is a small hostel, no idea what it will be like, but it looks like a cool place)... so, contact me at samuelholden (at) gmail. as for the uk tax thing... try to get them to declare it as a gift, not a commercial package, or get them to declare an insignificat value, or get them to declare the contents as "merchandise samples, of no commercial value"... if all else fails, we should get them to set up a fund to share the expenses you guys are having to pay... not sure about the logistics for that, but shouldn't be too hard to set up... sending paypal payments out of the fund if and when proof of payment is shown... anyway, try getting in touch with hayley... in the past (with dolls stuff) she was great.
i got my third, and no email. i had no clue it was coming ;)
i meant 'many days after the package' not 'before'
@spacedyemeerkat: their emails are hayley@amandapalmer.net and sean@amandapalmer.net they've always been very helpful with everything, i hope they can do something for you too. @michael silva i haven't received an email yet but even with the first two the email got to me many days before the package was actually sent. i don't know where you live and whether there was a tracking number for people living inside the us but my emails never contained a tracking number
i've been seeing tweets about people already receiving their third summer invasion package and i'm wondering if i should be concerned that i didn't receive an email with a tracking numer like i did for the first two
nikos, do you now how to contact sean or hayley? the latest response from afp@aent.com is most certainly not art (they're ignoring the questions i am asking and sending canned replies - this is the third one now). sorry to be bringing this issue to the masses. hope everyone's enjoying the vinyls they've received!
i got my 2nd vinyl package this week.  now if only i could play it!
i totally get that. i didn't mind the pricing for shipping. i'm a lover of my fellow fans so if my shipping was cheaper and "i" could help in cost, awesome. but that deff sucks you get stuck paying extra fees. deff "not art".  i hope since its looking like from the last letter we get 4 instead of the 5 packages, that last one you don't get hit with a huge extra hit the wallet.  the value of each box i thought from the one update was suppose to be $75.00 no? i hope the get it fixed for you uk fans, if not we shall have band together and help you all out :)
oh, and by the way the second package was around $32 so the tax probably doesn't exceed the amount you mentioned and you won't be charged any extra.
@spacedyemeerkat that's really awful for you. if i were you i'd sent an email asking for everything to be sent out together all at one package on release day so i could at least pay the extra fine just once. have you contacted sean or hayley (amanda's dream team?). maybe they can figure out a better solution. the same thing used to apply to greek customs as well but not anymore. back then i'd figured out that if the parcel had "gift" printed on it instead of goods under a price, it had no extra fines.
it's absolutely wonderful that postage was the same for everyone, tania, really it is. i wish more kickstarters shared ap's philosophy in that regard. to put a little more meat on the bones: in the uk our packages are held by customs if the amount of tax we have to pay exceeds £9.00 with regards to the value on the outside of the package (a shocking $71.50 in this case for one 7", some stickers and a (lovely) cardboard box). in this particular case, it was - get this - £9.15. this meant i had to pay an £8 charge for processing plus £9.15 tax. now, here's the rub: if ap's crew had not included the stickers (yes, i understand they're a crucial part of the experience for many) - separately valued at $6.50, or similar - or simply stated the stickers had no value at all, my package would not have been delayed for weeks and i would not have been subject to excessive fees. i realise some people may think i am being ungrateful and that it's all in the name of art, for a 'good cause' etc etc and that's fine, it's their opinion. but i supported the project out of good faith and to now incur potentially £20 for each 7" package and then who knows what for the book, vinyl and cd, it leaves quite a horrible taste in my mouth. at least the end product is cracking :) ap's customer service people have been useless (and very slow to respond...) in this regard, incidentally;  they can't (won't?) even tell me the value of each package going out so i can try to ensure i have the rest of the money available. most definitely not fucking art :)
i haven't received any codes for the first two, and i recently emailed hayley, and she mentioned that as far as she knows none were sent out just yet and she didn't know whether they would be sent out before the release date.
in our next 2 packages will we get the digital download codes for the mail invasion 7"'s?  anyone else get codes with their first 3?
3rd packaged arrived today, nice and smashed by ups. assholes. at least they didn't hurt my vinyl. feeling very bad for folks in the uk who had to pay more just to get their packages. i figured that since each box was under the $75 at least i was helping people across the pond get theirs for a fair price. sorry to hear that @ spacedyemeerkat :/
just got my 2nd vinyl in greece today, and i'm already planning what i hope to be a cool "not art" stop motion video with my journal
anyone else have to pay a silly amount of customs fees in the uk for summer invasion 1? (all because of the over the top value of $71.50 stamped on the mailing label!!!) genuinely concerned how much additional money i am going to end up paying here, especially when the album and art book arrive :s
eagerly looking forward to my vinyl and art book.  :)   the new york show was amazing.  keep up the fantastic work!
got my second 7 inch! now just need the turntable to arrive so i can listen to them rather than  just looking longingly at them! trying to be patient...
i assume that we should all be getting our albums before it is available in the shops? even in the uk? or will it just be the download?
i'm in desperate need for 2 tickets for the berlin show. if anyone have any spare please leave a comment here or email me here nicknmel[dot]gr[at]gmail[dot]com thanx in advance
question for the management!  the survey i received had a question in it asking if i expected to move in the next x number of months (assuming that would be when the physical reward is expected to ship).  will there be a follow-up message on that to double check if people have moved?  in my case, i hadn't expected to move, but life didn't cooperate.
anyone in asia pacific received their summer vinyls?
oh september please get here quickly i want my album and i want my book. please come soon....please
anyone have the 7"'s they would be wiling to sell?!?
@ samuel sebastian holden bramah: i may be interested for 2 of them. send me an email here if you want to discuss it further nicknmel[dot]gr[at]gmail[dot]com
awwwwmaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnn......still nothing in the mailbox. zip...zilch....zero~
https://vimeo.com/47463043 :o
damn and bugger... can't go to berlin to see the concert :( really bummed... anyone want to buy 3 tickets? :( :( :(
@c. eckman :    i noticed that about the killing type yesterday. i'm glad it doesn't make a big difference to the song though, cos i'd be gutted if i coun't have a proper recording of a different version. i have a very old turntable and even though the vinyl plays just fine on it, when i tried to record it with my laptop through a line-in wire i ended up with a very low quality file.
my second vinyl arrived in tx today. cool blue...listening to lost again and again. this is the song i most associate with kickstarter since it's featured prominently in the front page video. any other mailbox invaders notice the mix on the killing type vinyl is slightly different than the digital single that was just released? the synth-xylophone sound that drops in at the 52 second mark on the digital isn't on the vinyl. i wonder if that was intentional or if the mix was changed after the vinyl was made?
first vinyl and second mail have been got!!! yay!!!! only problem is i don't have a working record player at the moment and absolutely no money to buy one :( but... i can take art pictures :p
i got my 1st vinyl today and i live in greece. the invasion is spreading east...
whee!  got my first vinyl in the mail today in canada!  and my email that the second package has been sent...this is so much fun!
yep, got the second email! :d exciting even though the first package hasn't arrived yet.
i got the email about the second package too! can't wait!!! :)
i received a second email for shipping of the summer invasion. i'm guessing they shipped the second vinyl?! even though i haven't received the first one yet, i feel quite excited about it!!!
my dear amanda... is there any chance we can have a drink of some form or sort in berlin before, during or after the concert? would love to gush and tell you how utterly great you are (if i can actually get my brain to say something a bit more interesting than "god i love you")... god! i love you!!!
oh where oh where is my invasion box :( snifff... i love living in spain, but this is killing me!!!!! lol... i want my goodies!!!
this shit is on fire.
those who don't ask get nothing so i'm asking if you could advertise my project on your twitter feed?  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/thebatonist/thebatonist-dmll-album-title-to-be-kept-as-a-supri thanks for being amazing!
i got my first summer mailbox invasion package today! very excited. everything is as beautiful as promised. can't wait for the digital downloads of the tracks that were promised. sadly, my turntable isn't a usb one yet. :(
received my 1st summer invasion box today!!!  yay!  so awesome! now to declare art all over the place!
i'm moving unexpectedly, but i have already submitted my soon-to-be old address, how can i change it, so my reward will be sent to my new address? i don't want to miss out :(
i'm in nyc and mine is due tomorrow:) hopefully the box message board will be up and running soon so we can all share our art projects i wonder when bed song book will get shipped :)
lol samuel, i am the same way ;)  i live in narnia so i've no idea when it will arrive. hopefully sometime before september x3
ohh ohh ohhh uuuuuuuuuu.... just got email saying the invasion is inminent...  ordered	shipped	backord	title 1	1	0	palmer,amanda / stickers vinyl 1	1	0	palmer,amanda / summer box yey!!! can't wait... now i have to go out and urgently buy an f***ing record player lol haaaaaahahahahahahaha... (insert maniachal laughter here)
yay!!!! summer invasion is on it's way!!
i don't expect to hear anything official about the summer invasion vinyls cos i think they're trying to make it a surprise for us, but i really hope the first batch of vinyls have already been sent. i had my mind set on a july arrival...
i love the pink cover...it makes me all warm inside. i can't wait to get mine and my art book damn september get here already.
i will echo the question about the summer invasion package being sent out.  when does it start? did i read on a previous update that questions should be directed on a different website now?
@amanda palmer are you considering to come to montreal (canada) for your tour?
going to berlin... in october... first time in germany, first time in berlin... going to see amanda and gto (second time seeing amanda)... really really really excited!!!! i wonder when we'll start getting our summer invasion!!!??? great to be alive!!!
that video is stunning! love it. beautiful work.
when will the summer maibox invasion start shipping?
i love you, and your music!!  $100 backer, wish it were more <3
okay, i don't want to sound like this picky nag, but, i know the album for backers is going to be special. but, i sort of want to know what the non backer version looks like. also, i have my cd collection and what not so i'm wondering if its going to come in a normal cd sized package. i realize i probably sound silly but i was just wondering if the digipack case comes with the package. and i'm so excited to see afp and the gto in minneapolis!
hey, anyone in ri/boston going to the art show and concert august 1st and 2nd? looking to meet some cool new people.
super nice video!! and song!
please mark these updates nsfw in the email subject if they contain nudity. nearly got me in trouble at work. yes i know, i was on break so don't start telling me i shouldn't look at personal emails at work.
sean paul - i sent you a direct message here on kickstarter. if you filled out your survey, you're good to go…that's why we asked for your name (for the guestlist). there aren't any physical tickets sent to backers. - sean (team afp)
can anyone help with my question?  my wife and i pledged for the san fran public works shows on the 12th and 13th.  we've been charged for the package, we received the survey, but still have not gotten tickets.  does anyone know if they are will call or delivery by mail?  thanks in advance!
reuben - check your messages, i just sent you another attempt to help out with your survey! (don't worry, you're definitely on the list for your pledge)… - sean (team afp) | sean@amandapalmer.net
help pleaaase!!! i still have not received my survey for my pledge with the delivery details etc. there is no message for me in my messages and i have not received any email!! can anyone please help me with this as i really dont want to mis out on my book and cd/vinyl pledge being delivered!!!!
need...more....songs....
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
daniel, she didn't. the girl's name is tiffany.
why did the girl name the painting tiffany?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
sad, but happy to wait another few weeks until these shows are finished and the team gets back to the kickstarter. i supported at the afp-painted turntable level, which includes summer mailbox as well, i am sure they won't forget us! am so jealous of everyone in berlin and london who have got to see the spectacular. wish it all came down to sydney :(
survey done.
yes got the survey done!
@ben walker: well, when you consider there will only be 10,000 copies in the world (adding all other pledge levels), and then you realize there are 7 billion people living in this earth of ours... it is limited as hell hehehe.
yay survey!
i just love that the limited editon cd set will "only" be limited to over 9000 copies! :d
i just received and completed my survey. now to wait until sept. :-)
you kicked this things asss!!! :) <3 (duh ;)
cross post from amandas blog, not sure if everyone has seen this mini update. http://blog.amandapalmer.net/post/24395129915/photoshoots-galore-one-week-til-tour-it-rhymes-it
no update.... no survey....  boo hoo!
im still waiting for mine.
received my summer mailbox survey a week ago.  i think it just depends on which pledge level you are and with so many of us, it makes since to have them go out staggered.
yes summer mailbox invasion surveys were sent out, or i got mine anyway. can't wait to see what amanda comes up with!
have any summer mailbox backers got their survey as yet?
my guess is that we will get the survey when we will be closer to the estimated delivery date of the said price. since i also took the $25.00 reward, i expect to get the survey around august.
it's gonna take time people. the reason why some have gotten the survey is because they did the rewards with tickets to events happening now or here soon.  i did the $25 as well and assume it will be awhile before i get the survey. be patience...amanda fucking palmer will not disappoint us.
i haven't received the survey yet either while i know it can take some time to get them all out but i am afraid that it might of gotten eaten by the spam inbox while i wasn't looking.
pledged the $25- still have not got the survey! should i be worried?
pledged the $25- still have not got the survey! should i be worried?
3 more months to go before i can hear their songs!
still no update?   :(
on the offchance amanda will see this, i tweet about you all the time, but you don't see it. because of my crazy ex, all my tweets must be private :( this makes me sad, because i love you and i can't wait to see you on the 20th!!!!!
i'm so nervous about not receiving the survey omg ;-;
no survey yet. scanning my inbox continuously with excitement
gawd i was so excited to get that survey in my inbox this morning. <3
ooo are we getting a survey? i've never backed something on kickstarter before. having received anything as of yet, can't wait! eeeeeeeee!!
no backer survey for me as yet, and i was one who picked the afp painted turntable bundle which also includes the summer mailbox series. really looking forward to recieving my survey, and also perhaps a backer update about the first art & rock shows in berlin?
i was just wondering this morning when the backer survey would be out. i've just sent it away. i can't wait for my mailbox to be invaded this summer!!! :d
thank you! so excited for next month's present #greaterthanthree we love all of you in support of amanda, her team, the gto, and every one of you supporters! thank you!
i received my email just now :)
thanks sean... any idea on when the survey will be going out for the summer goodies? impatient impatient impatient lol (sorry!!!) love to all concerned ;)  all 24.000 plus of us/you/we/forever :d woohoo!
still haven't gotten a survey e-mail, should i be worried or am i just too antsy with excitement?
quiet day over here?
@erin: no new update since the countdown. we should be getting a new update soon. @niki and everyone: unless amanda, sean, or someone else on team afp issues an official update (#11 and on), no one will be emailed. you will get one more email even if there isn't an update here - a kickstarter survey for your shipping address in case you got pledged for a cd or higher. i'm sure amanda is just blown away by the support and how the end party, well, ended. lets giver her and team amp a week or two to regroup. i'm sure we will soon get more crazy ramblings from amp, as well as pics of the cds being printed, books being proofed, and all kinds of awesome things to come. mmm, no one mentioned the video from paul jenkins that i linked. any of you watch it? very funny take on amp's video for this kickstarter: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1803036765/sidekick
i increased my pledge level a week or so before the end date, but since then i've stopped receiving email updates! i've gotten updates about other kickstarter projects, but not this one- help?
i haven't seen the backer update with all the photoshoot photos; the last one i got/see here was #10, about the countdown party/album title. did i miss it?
samuel: that info is there on the page. we'll be printing a smaller run, we just weren't going to print more than 666. - sean (team afp)
so what happens with the bed book if it has 72 backers? will it be limited to just 72 or 80 copies? or will there be a further kickstarter project for that book to be taken up to the 666 copies that were originally contemplated?
paul jenkins has a nice video that pays an "homage" to the one from amanda fucking palmer hahaha. priceless! (and i'm sure neil approves). check it below: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1803036765/sidekick
this needs a more rounded number than 799 comments.  so:  thank you for offering us this incredible opportunity.  it has to be the best kickstarter i've ever contributed to, and i can't wait for the album in september!
hi amanda fp, just wanted to let you know how wonderfully inspiring to me you are. you're what a real rock star should be, someone who loves their fans as much as their fans love them. it's such an honour to be one of the thousands that helped this project reach completion ten times over, and every single one of us knows you're worth it. good work amanda fucking palmer! your album will be full of kickass, good tunes and (hopefully) tits, and i'm definitely looking forward to hearing it! much love from new zealand, meg
can't stop listening to trout heart replica. it's amazing. thanks for the advanced taste. ;-)
my heart could not be filled with more love for you and all you do and i am so proud and honored to be a part of this. fuck yes to all of you. fuck yes.
amanda, this is so amazing!!!!!!!!  congratulations.  hard work, very much deserved!!!!!
new backer update coming. putting it together with @indecisean now. lots n lots n lots of photos from the last few band photoshoots....nom
the music, the art, all of the stuff you've shown us so far is just amazing. you've clearly put years of blood, sweat, and tears into this. along with all your incredible heart and soul. i can't speak for all of the almost 25 thousand people who backed you, but i personally feel that you've got a lot of honest, sincere appreciation for every single person who gave something to help you get this rolling. it is one more thing that makes you the kind of awesome person who only comes along once in a lifetime.
holy crap-cakes!  can't wait to donut with a rockstar. ps yes, i do want to dance, and get drunk.
this was absolutely the most epic way to celebrate this awesome kickstarter event. i admit i didn't knew much about afp before this, but i'm delighted to participate in this as a backer. the new song is absolutley cool (bass solo ftw) and this album will be awesome!
dear amanda fp to be honest...i had not heard about you until you were on the frontpage of kickstarter... i loved the video you made and pledged....  then .... suddenly i discovered that you are wife of my most favourite author ever! ( seriously: i adore sandman and after every 5 books i read, i read american gods! please let neil know this!) coincidence??... don't think so!!!!!!! i can be honest and say that in this short time span you have enriched my life... same as your husband did many years ago ( and still does!) ps. can you confirm that you told neil? tht would be f-ing awesome :-) with immense gratitude, derrick
i remember giving a few bucks to radiohead because what they were doing with in rainbows was weird and cool and so against the norm and it was amazing because it was radiohead and it was me and us helping them but it was also a bit cold, just a few bucks and a "thanks" (and well, in fucking rainbows). but this, wow! even if you're over there (getting naked) and i'm over here (getting a cold for you + wishing i was over there), it feels...important and massively cool. rock on, viel spass :)
amanda fucking palmer your are fucking awesome and thank you for the music the art and the connection to people i wouldn't have met had it not been for this and your music. also my boyfriend didn't kick me out for getting the book...he's beautiful that way he understands what your doing cause he's an artist too....so thank you thank you thank you thank you
i love that almost 25,000 people ( the chosen ones ?) gave 1.2 million dollars on faith ,with maybe just more than hint of love and affection
i feel like a part of history. what a ride!
thank you for the new song and letting us do this together by realizing we are the media and doing everything about it. cheers!
congratz on making history my dear
i like that this is still here to comment on! me too! i love you all too!
okay, thanks. i was worried i missed it.
reegan: the survey is forthcoming. it's been mentioned in the updates and faq. there's no set date yet as it would be pointless to ask everyone their info now and have them wanting to change it in two months if they're moving or something. we'll handle it on a case by case basis. thank you. - sean (team afp)
has anyone got the survey yet? if not, when are we getting it?
xoxoxoxoxoxo
i love you
i love you more
we love you!
i love you
@sarah survey stage will be emailed to you sometime later, you should have gotten an email regarding that today.
almost 12x the target! and on my high school grad night too! life has such a lovely way of surprising you sometimes =d
these are/were the best prizes ever. one of those times i wished i was independently wealthy so i could get them all. kudos to afp and the grand theft band.  all the best! looking forward to my little $5 pledge prize which will be/is totally awesome.
at almost 12 times what you originally went in for, i'm expecting the backer editions of the cd to be fucking immense.
does anyone know what the "survey stage" is/was?  i thought it came after the funding, but i can't find anything about it anywhere, and i'd love to get a vinyl with my art book.
amazing fucking kickstarter amanda fucking palmer! now to wait until the fall for our rewards, i'm willing to give up summer just so fall can get here faster :) congratulations on your success!
<--- has a sad that nobody chose the grand theft makeover... if only i had the spare 10k :-(
congratulations team! i'm so excited to be a part of this and to see what happens next.
this is going to sting when i get my visa bill on the 1st of july... but goddamn is it worth it!!!
...and now work begins.  fun work.  but still, work.  have fun!
congratulations :) 1,2mio... is fucking amazing !!!!
congratulations! just take the money and run to mexico, no one will blame you <3
aww, i was hoping for at least one 666 in the final tally.
congratulations everyone for making such great art and history ^^ ! kisses from france.... no, wait : french kisses for everyone.
wow broke target! hit total amt 1,192,793!
congratulations amanda!
i am envious brad! looking forward to the day the international touring dates are released so i can see her in sydney or maybe closer to home in wollongong.
i am a donut!! san francisco!!
my money has left my account... so i am poor, now until pay day, but sooo happy!
angela gruenenfelder, they will give you a chance to use another card in a day or two--happened to me on another one.
congrats amanda.  wish i coulda afforded the la art show .. but nonetheless.. congrats. ps.. are you going to reveal what you received as far as loans that was mentioned on this page?
please tell me afp and her husband plan on procreating soon, because their children will be the perfect artists.
we are the media !!!
bravo !!! http://www.ustream.tv/channel/party-on-the-internet
amazing awesome evening. thank you!
if my charge didn't go through can i have it try and be charged again so.i can still get my.reward.
yay! cant wait to listen to those songs! congratulations! =)
i feel blessed to be a part of such wonderful history. . . its like a big fucking family of 24,883 people.
luv u amanda!
fuck yes.
so excited to have been a part of all this excitement! this is my sixth time backing a project on kickstarter, and this has been the most successful. hopefully more people will take notice of crowdfunding sites. we are the media!
woohoo!  great way to finish my 15th anniversary. seeing another free spirit's dream furthered!
we are part of a revolution!!!!
25.000 congratulations !!!
24,883 backers $1,192,793 pledged of $100,000 goal 0 seconds to go ... and it's even more than this ...
grats afp!  thanks for the internet party feed (i think i saw my name).
love you.  i'm one of the lucky ones that have gotten to thank you in person for the absolute bliss that you share.  glad to give what i have.
grats
congrats on surpassing the million dollar mark and beyond! :d
fuck yeah! very classy, afp.  didn't see that ending the way you did it.  you're awesome.  go on to rock outrshit.
awesome work and a wonderful distraction from homework!!! <3 congrats and that is a truly gorgeous figure to end on.
fucking incredible! amanda, i'm so proud to be a part of this!
congrats.
congrats on getting funded. looking forward to the great music.
yeahhhhhh!!!!
i had panic attack at the end and changed my pledge amount back to 25 and then 50 seconds to go i changed it back to 125 because i figured i'd make it work....oy i hope the boy friend doesn't kick me out over this lol
congrats amanda! what an awesome journey this funding process was.
happy fucking kickstarter!!!!
we did it!!!!!!!!!!!
aaaaaaannnnddd were done kids!!! $1,192,611!! well done amanda - fucking amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats!!! you rock! <3
happy fucking kickstarter!!!
fuck yeah guys!
whoooooooo!!!!! happy kickstarter everyone!
enhorabuena!!! ...eres fantástica!!
bubble dress!
i was number 24,700 with 26 minutes to go.. this is amazing!
sorry about that last comment, i meant 10,000 people ould have donated the amount needed for that reward.
good thing there was not a reward for getting your name printed on the cd. i'd be willing to bet at least $10,000 would have donated the amount needed for that reward.
i feel such a relief to finally back it! i've been putting it off since the first day. made it with and hour to go :)
congratulations amanda! i'm proud to be a backer!
i saw my name! that's so cool! it had to take a long time to write all those! thank you.
tried my best to make it to the party. i was even invited to the vip after party because if my pledge. but certain circumstances unfortunately got in the way. it was a bit of a heartbreak. okay....it was really heartbreaking dx. but, i will see the band in june! i cannot wait. i'm watching everyone live and it's awesome. i'm so unbelievably proud of this project! everyone who backed this is awesome! woo-hoo! congrats to the band!
just threw in. do well.
77 minutes: can we get to 25,000?
i've been feeling pretty lonely and depressed all week...having the webcast to watch tonight is really making me feel a lot better. i feel less solitary and, especially now, that i'm a part of something big and important...and sort of like i have 24,516 friends around the world because of our shared love. i'm so happy and excited for you. you deserve every bit of this happy!
been watching the block party with severe interest with my better half. i am so glad i helped fund this. (hey man, $5 is $5.) rock and roll. period. (this includes beautiful art/cabaret like we know only afp and friends can provide!) 73, jay
i just noticed i joined kickstarter two years ago, today.  can't wait for the turntable and summer invasion series to come in the mail.  wish i could add more for bed book, as well.  congrats afp on a very sucessful kickstarter.
yeah i just sucked it up and upped my pledge to $100 b/c i want that book.  it's payday and i'm just so happy to be passionate about art and music again!  hope all are having fun at the kick ass block party!  i can nearly hear you in philly!!
this is fucking awesome. the only not so awesome thing about this, is that i'm pretty sure that if you had had 10 more days you'd have crossed the 2 million mark. congratulations!
my dog and i had a long chat about this, and although we love you amanda, and for all her life we've danced drunkenly to the musical stylings of amanda palmer & co.; we cannot quite justify $10,000 for a house party (or whatever that is in real pounds). if however you're feeling like a wee scottish shindig, we'll happily provide the bouncy castle, whisky and lesbians that gets the party going. if neil comes too, we'll give everyone a fish on a string, delerium style.
girl, you deserve your nickname. fucking awesome!!! congrats!!! thank you for beginning the revolution. and come to brasil!!!
4 hours left. i hope we hit 25,000 strong before it's over. :)
i did the same just the other day, valerie. i couldn't resist!
i am so thankful i managed to up my pledge to $125 in the nick of time! thank you for helping me put art back into my life amanda!
:)  so pleased this has happened!  congrats, amanda!  glad i upped my pledge to the art book a couple days back.  disappointed myself on the evening with neil & amanda by only getting the download and poster.  not letting something so cool pass me by again!  wish i could afford to make you come to my house.  much love!
after days of dithering, i just upped my pledge to $125, 'cause i reeeeeeeally want that art book.
come on, fuckers! 24,000!!!!! almost there
congratulations to an amazing woman!   we love you and your performance on craig ferguson  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
wishing i was in my home state of ny tonight. lots of love and happiness from new orleans!
i have chills!
terrible day/year massively improved with impromptu backing. (i've been following the whole time but needed to gather the cash) and the look on mother’s face when i showed your video and explained what it was all about was priceless. ;)
devoted fans. dedicated artist. i am over the moon.
congrats amanda on your amazing kickstarter venture! i'm proud to be part of something this awesome!
oh afp, i must thank and curse you for doing something so awesome that made me spend more money than i really should at this time. seriously looking forward to the summer mailbox invasion!  : )
can't make it to ny tonight, so i will play some afp songs on my ukulele to celebrate......
i was trying to wait until right at the last minute but decided i would kick myself if i forgot! brilliant stuff. can't wait to see what you do with this. :)
also, you should incorporate all of these kickstarter comments in your book.  it would make the book extra personable.  =)
thanks very much for that 23k backers picture ! the best nudity ever on tv :) i went for the artbook/cd/vinyl now as i'm guessing you'll make it uberuberawesome. too bad i have to sleep during the party tonight. hope some of it will find its way on the internet for the rest of us. i wonder what this kickstarter will have ended at when i wake up tomorrow. i wish you all the best and luck during the rest of this project and please visit the netherlands, europe too.thanks again for everything !! xxx
@amanda palmer and the grand theft orchestra  i think you may have capitalized on a new guiness world record!  you should inquire.  congrats on becoming a kickstarter millionaire!  it's not about the money; it's about your influence on people.  bravo!
just snuck in today before zero hour and happy to do so. always loved your rawness amanda, thrilled to see this project. thanks for letting all of us be a part of it!
loved you and your music since i first discovers the dresden dolls..l.congratz !!!!   looking forward to  seeing and hearing the art book and the album....   i'm proud that we're  all helping u kick down the walls of the music status quo.    love u  amanda fucking palmer!!!!!
could there please be video recording/clips of the show for those who live on different time zones? i'd love to see the party but it finishes 5am my time :d i don't think i'd survive to work with 1,5h sleep...
poor us who is not living close or live in diff time zone, not able to go to the party. pls post us the link to the video to our great party!
congratulations on killing it on kickstarter! what an amazing project. totally wish i had stumbled upon this early enough to put some funds aside...
i promised myself that when i was making a decent living i would support my fellow artists. feels good to finally be able to do it!! and for something as fucking amazing as this... <3 warms my freaky little heart :d
just bumped my pledge, i -need- the art book! i love amanda fucking palmer and i'm so happy to support her in all that she does. so much love, you are all "my people!"
i wonder how much she has raised in total. keep in mind, this is just those of us who only have 10k and under to spend... those with more on loanspark must at least double this! i can't believe how amazing this whole thing is.
just increased my pledge because amanda fucking palmer is going to exceed her kickstarter goal by 1 million dollars and make history.  there should be an action figure made in her honor because her superpower is being awesome and changing the world!!!!! go amanda.
i'm fairly certain we are all doing *happy dancing* right now, even the sleeping ones, kicking thier partner awake in bed by twitchy feet. so so great to be apart of it all! thank you amanda fucking palmer! look at all the love!
i am such a fan of this kickstarter project, but i am increasingly creeped out by the fact that the last $5000 house party keeps changing between 34 and 35 depending on where the amount is laying at any given point in time. it seems like it goes away when funding is stacking up and comes back up again and again when large pledges are instrumental in surmounting a boundary. please, afp and staff, please tell me i am wrong, because it's the only thing i hate about this thing i love. you're not indirectly or directly directing/manipulating house party (or any other) entries, right right? it's looking sketchy and i don't want it to.
i'm very happy to be a part of this. wish i could afford the mailbox invasion, it sounds like it's going to be awesome. congratulations to everyone involved!
hello miss amanda, hope you get to read this at some point...umm well basically im very happy that i can help even with al ittle bit with this project. i first heard your music during class last semester. a teacher played your version of creep and asked us what we felt. well i honestly was blown away. i am a big fan of physical albums and ever since i have tried to get hold of one of yorus, yet we dont get much independent music down in mexico. at least in this way i can help you out. hope you come to mexico (guadalajara in particular) someday....if you are around ill buy you an ice cream :d (and cook)
i am so excited about this project!
you seem nice.  i hope your project gets funded.
just backed your ass up.  you're lucky i love you. i can't wait to see you on tour. and maybe see you at miyas ;)
i keep coming back here a couple times a day to see how much this has grown and it blows my mind each time i see how much the number's climbed. as my australian friends would say, "good on ya, amanda." it's fucking beautiful. congratulations, you awesome woman you!
i'll be listening in the dc area!
so excited!!!!!!!!
just upped my pledge to 300$ as i couldn't resist the once in a lifetime nature of this stuff. so happy for amanda, such a big fan. i was wondering if there's anyone else going to the london show who might wanna chat before hand? i don't know anyone in london (i liv in york now but i just moved from canada), and would feel much better knowing at least a few people if only via the interwebs before going on my own. any takers? find me on twitter @whogaterscape
that shit's cray.
place your bets now! i predict that the kickstarter will finish on exactly 1111% funded!
i think this may get to 1.3 million before the end.
congratulations, amanda. here in buenos aires we had wanted to pledge for afp party house, but ... we couldn't due to our government policies with dollars. https://www.facebook.com/afpensudamerica
huge congrats to amanda and everyone who has backed this incredible project! can't wait to hear the record, it's the first album i've been genuinely excited about since the late '90s. didn't have the funds or the free time to get rock show tickets so i really hope that further european and specifically british concerts are in the works [/shamelessbegging]
will we make it to 22,222 backers $1,111,111 pledged of $100,000 goal xx hours to go  ???
<3    we are the media... finally... proof.
congrats on hitting over a million!!! way to go gal!
awesome!
so happy to see this go over $1 mil!  been listening to you for almost 10 years, you deserve it!  can't wait to see you in bk!
congrats on over a million!!! it's incredible (and yet very believable, because if anyone could have done this it would of course be you, amanda). not that i can afford it, but i upped my pledge to get the art book. because... i had to have it, and because art begets art and because my who killed amanda palmer book told me to. thank you for doing what you do. and to all the commenters on here, you are amazing too. these are probably the most heartfelt and moving comments i've seen. you all fucking rock. i'm so happy to be a part of this.
it would be cool to see a list of all the people that you have (or will have) employed or paid to make this happen. artists, designers, photographers, sound engineers, producers, musicians, publishers, tour crew, stage crews, drivers, restaurants/caterers, t-shirt manufacturers etc. the money is coming in, but it's also going out into the economy.
dayum. i feel like your our last chance of survivng mainstream media's brainwashing. and yes i was yelling
congrats on one million! in the future, can you please mark any updates with nudity as nsfw in the title? i get these as email updates and i just saw your boobs on my work screen. thank you.
wow, thiiiis is getting crazy, over 1mio, wowwowwow
woke up this morning to find that you've broken the million dollar mark! all you guys just made my day! go amanda!
we'll kickstart this trout replica heart!
inspired!
1.000.000 congratulations!!! :-)
one million dollars... now you can get freaking sharks with freaking laser beams attached to their freaking heads!
kickass project, kickass success, kickass music, kickass you! :) well done! xx
yay! so excited! yay! yay! yay!
congratulations on hitting the $1,000,000 mark! so thrilled for you and for the upcoming album.
whoa! this morning i was following and saw your tweet when the 1 mill. was reached. that totally made my morning!! now home from work and it's still going strong!! so fucking crazy! i knew after the mit webcast (which was so geektastic!)  yesterday this thing would skyrocket. i've been following this from the beginning of the month and could only afford $1. then 2 weeks later i upped my pledge to $25. now i'm hoping in 47 hours i can figure out a way to scrounge up $100 because i really want that art book because i know it is going to be beautiful as you are amanda and all the amazing artists that you are working with. maybe tomorrow i will get dolled up and go busking so i can up my pledge. this is your moment and you are shining!! mmmmwah!!
lol lostxero.  we don't need to rebuild her, we only need to buy her more ukeleles!! :)
gentlemen, we can rebuild her. we have the technology. we have the capability to build the world's first psychoacoustic woman. amanda fucking palmer will be that woman. better than she was before. better, louder, faster.
wonderful, so glad you hit a million!
can't wait to see what happens in half an hour when the "remind me" e-mails go out from kickstarter to all the people who starred this drive... hopefully an avalanche of money :-)
rahhhhh you are the goddess of music and the internet. rock on forever!
i love that i am a part of this. you lady are a-fucking-mazing!!!
congratulations you fabulous bitch!
i've been browsing this project page for weeks now -- reading the blog posts, reading the comments, watching the video, studying it, drinking it. i was so curious how high it would fly, and what kind of things would be in the air up there! the temptation to become a part of this is so special and thrilling. i can't seem to resist, even though i know absolutely nothing about your music. it's just the process that's won me over. can't wait to learn more about your music when the new cd comes in the mail. i'm geeked to be joining this ridiculously fun, high-flying thrill ride! :) :) :)
you are changing the world! xoxoxo
i also upped my pledge from $25 to $50.  wish i could afford the $300 because i know the book is going to be stunning.
unreal, afp congrads
so happy for you!  awesomeness!  weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
just upped my pledge from $25 to $300. you and the band are so worth it!
<3
congratulations for this magnificent achievement miss afp. it's amazing to be part of it
omg a million dollars!  motherfuckers!  i just got home from work and wanted to find out how close we were.  holy shit! :)  i'm doing a happy dance right now!!
sister, you are killing it.
congratulations on exceeding the mystical million dollar target! it's been a real joy, getting to follow the progress of our fundraising in real time and be a part of history in the process, and i know you'll do amazing things. <3 we are the media!
congratulations to amanda and the band and the team and everyone who backed this. i am sooo stoked!
i just came in from work and decided to see how close to a million we were at and ended up giving an uncontrollable sequel of excitement to see that we've reached that and more! well done amanda and well done everyone who's pledged :d x
congrats on passing into the realm of seven digits!
question: what song is playing at the beginning of the video? (is it by afp/gto??) it makes me smile.
i wish i could have dropped more than $25 (really wanted the art book), but i will be happy- no, thrilled- with what i get (and can afford).  huzzah to you...
having a seriously shitty day so i've decided to spend the rest of it watching afp's numbers rise rise rise. hey amanda - i hope you realize that this is lifting everybody's spirits right now. hot damn the future of music!
wow, speechless...
this is amazing. i can't explain how good it is to feel like a part of something like this - congrats amanda! (: i love you, you're such an inspiration. xo
i think this victory is best describe meme-style...aaawwwwww yeeeaaaahhhh!!
congratulations on this magnificent success! i'm thrilled for you. :)
love you so much!
"competent rebels, not incompetent conformists..."
congratulations!! :)) wish you the best luck for the next steps of your project!
i was just wondering if there's a packedge that includes vinyl and cd?
fuck yes! $1,000,000!!!!! 21,000 followers!!!!! this just confirms this is the best art project ever! ^.^
go on, make the dr. evil face!
this whole wild process has been amazing. congrats afp & i can't wait for the results. thanks as well to showing & sharing the process and the background details. extremely inspiring! this fall, we'll see if a similar approach can be made to work for the publishing process when i launch my own ks to re-boot my small press. neil's in a couple of my books! thanks neil!. you've both been a great inspiration of late. the biggest is showing us how much fun you're having and how excited everyone is. life... as it is supposed to be!!!
one million dollars!  holy shit amanda you are a machine!  so happy for you!
over 21,000 backers and over $1million!!! so damn proud of you! <3
i am so passionately proud to be backing this project.  afp, you are amazing!
wooohoooo!
rahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
holy. crap. good job you!
now i understand the project title! this certainly must be a new record :)
one miiiillllion dollars! so freaking awesome!
just made it over the million line.
congratulations... these be historic times we live in :) can't wait for the art book and cd!!
woohoo! over a million! hot damn & hallelujah!
this video--and project--make me smiling-like-a-crazy-woman happy. so much love to afp and the new fabulous band!
and just upped to summer invasion!  cannot fucking wait!  you go!  i see the future of art happening right here, right now.
backer number 21,086! finally managed to get the money together to afford the art book level! can't bloody wait, amanda!!!
holy fuck. we're making history! the music business as we know it is as good as dead. this is the future. we are the media =)
dear amanda, if you are ever in st. louis and need a place, we have a guest room and breakfast waiting for you.  congrats on the cash, can't wait for the album!
congrats ... jason, open media boston ...
2:33 pm est 05/29/12 21,007 backers to the tune of $ 1, 022, 858 when you first started this whole thing, d'you ever think? and, there's still 57 hours to go! congrats! you just entered into the wildest dreams territory!
congrats on a million, amanda! that's just super cool and well earned. so happy for you and glad to be a part of it.
chapeau! 1 fucking million dollars... it feels so good to have contributed to this :-) by the way: just upped my pledge for the art book & vinyl and are now waiting for one of the greatest albums in years!  you're truly epic afp!
congrats on passing a million! :)
fucking awesome! and that is the english definition, not the american definition which i believe means ‘quite good' :-)
congrats on a million!!!
hellz yes!! history has been made!
completely fantastic! congrats!
one. million. dollars. we are the media.
holy shit! over a million!!! rhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!! so happy for you, for your team, for the world!!! :d
congratulations amanda, cool pic again !  if 21,000 backers are reached i hope you'll paint it on your buttocks and post a pic of that ;)
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!
fantastic, so happy to be able to back your project! can't wait for music & tour! much love!
congratulation!! this is amazing, i am so glad to be part of it
first ever crowdfunded million in the history of music. great to be a part of this!
totally amazing moment, so glad i was here to see this happen! well done you amazing woman!xxx
ow ow! one millliooooon!
i am sitting here in my lonely apartment squealing with excitement. ahhhhhhh we did it!!!!
fuck yes
glad to be a part of this, even if it is a small part
whooohoooooooooo!
yay! we fucking made it!
so incredibly proud to be a part of this, i only wish i had more to give.
this is the best thing about today!!!!!!
we just made artmusic history. i think this is awesome.
ding ding ding
so pleased for you...this is incredible!
amazing!!!
see you in nyc amanda!   i backed {new york: art opening/backer party}  for myself and gifted one for my daughter for graduation.....   (plus the trip to nyc, so i'm breaking 'my' bank)...   but the donut with a rockstar looks awfully tempting.  :) $1m is going to be a reality soon.   that mark will get some much deserved attention and hopefully encourage other artists to go their own way as well.  fans will back artists they love even when they practically give their new music away... congrats afp!  (as an aside, all of the new music is amazing.  loved hearing "the killing type" at mit media lab yesterday)
congrats on the big million dollar goalpost.  can i hear a 1.5?
we did it!!! congradulations afp and the grand theft orchestra! woot!
from thousandaire to millionaire!! many congrats from la.
oops just hit over 1mill !!
wow 65k to go  !
upgraded to art book too :)
aaah this is so exciting! i wish i could raise my pledge to the art book, but i'm just waiting for this to hit a million so we could rejoice!
omg! you're gonna do it!! we're doing it!! almost 1.000.000!!! after what we heard this far from the album this will be the most rewarding wait ever!!
just upgraded for the art book package! let's hit that million people!
loni: they send those out to backers later on. you haven't missed anything, don't worry!! :)
hey, where it says you can specify vinyl during the survey process(for the $125+)...what does that mean? i just went through the checkout process and seem to have missed that. i want vinyl!
upgraded my pledge, as i really want you to break the $1 million mark :-)   just sorry that i can't afford more at the moment...
can we break the million mark? i'm strongly debating upgrading my pledge just to do so. heh. like most here, it's balancing being a part of this amazing event with basic necessities xd this is the fucking future. also, i wish so so so much that i could afford the $1000 'the bed song' book... *wistfully pines for the money*
hey, afp, we have all the faith in the world in you out here, but i still wanted to ask you a question i don't think you've covered. i'm getting the vinyl album, but haven't decided what i want with it. i'm eying the painted turntable, although i have two (neither usb) and was wondering what the model # of the crosley player was ? i've looked at some ion & audio technica players & just wanted to be sure this one had anti-skate & was counter weighted & could maybe play 78's, pretty please ? i just wasn't sure if this player was designated for vinyl newbies or anachronistic audio and alliteration aficionados like myself. danke
a french byword says that "les petits ruisseaux font les grandes rivières"... here's is an ocean for afp!
$20k for the million !!!
after agonizing over it for about a week i've upped my pledge to the mailbox invasion. it had better be super awesome! ;d now i'm crossing my fingers that the nz dollar soars against the us this week.
so exciting watching this finish! 70 hours to go and only $24,126 to go to the million! i wish i could be in new york for the party, or watch with you, but unfortunaltey with the time difference it converts to 2pm friday - and i will be working. party on up, you deserve it for all the work you and your team have done this month, and all the many months and years leading up to this moment!
hi amanda, i've loved you from the very beginning when i heard you on the radio. your voice, personality and stage presence was like no other's i've seen before. my sisters and i are huge fans of you and your husband's work - you actually met my friend, matt, who works at the bellevue in philadelphia and gave you a thank you card. we were ecstatic to find out you were in town too!!!! i'm sorry, but i grilled neil on tori amos (she's been my idol since even before i can remember, haha). i cannot wait to see the outcome of your project, and plan to display your art book proudly in my apartment when it arrives. my sisters and i will probably be playing your album every day, no doubt about it. good luck with your project, and thank you for the music!!!! jess c
hi amanda. i've been a fan for many years now and love your devotion and openness with your fan base. love both the new tracks so far and can't wait for my little gift in the mail come september :) . i think what you're doing here is fantastic and very forward thinking. i also appreciate your openness and honesty about the real cost and work that goes into making really fucking great music and records. on a more personal note i want to thank your first for inspiring me to buy a ukulele (and actually fucking playing the thing, unlike my high school guitar which collected dust haha) and second last year i was visiting london from my native canada (please come visit toronto!!!!) and was able to get and overflow ticket to the british library show and you let us all come in and sit in on the show, really made my whole trip to the uk even more special. all the best and here's hoping  for one million smackers!!!
it's my birthday in september, so i rationalized that i could buy both the cd and the vinyl for myself and not feel guilty about also having to pay school bills this month. this is so much cooler.
amanda, congratulations on 20k, you deserve it. to put it into my perspective, that is just over double the population of the small town i grew up in (and yes, your music and art appeals to some of us yokels too!) as someone who almost exclusively buys mp3's, i am really looking forward to holding the cd i pre-ordered in my hands. i just wish i had more to give. anyways, thanks for including us on this experiment and thanks for your art. also, do you have any plans to sell individual prints of the artwork? your bedsheet sharpie sketch would be pretty fucking sweet.
$30k for the million !!!
amanda.. the respect, appreciation and love you have for your fans really shows through in all aspects of your art. just for that i'm proud to be a part of this. thank you!
hello amanda! since i'm backing this project, i take the opportunity to send you this comment : i've discovered the dresden dolls and wkap last year, and i realised i just discovered the music i actually want to listen to. since then i'm forcing all my friends to listen to you as well :p and about your kickstarter project, it's the first time i actually care about helping an artist i like to live from her work. i'm not rich (but i won't make you all the little speech like "how look, i've sold a kidney to the black market to back your project!"), but these 25 dollars are the damn best spent of my fucking hole life ! live long, afp! alex, 22, from belgium :-)
first i read neil's tumblr post and went and did the $25. then i read your latest update and went and boosted it to $100. will be eating very little in the next week. lol!!
just upgraded my pledge to include the art book. i reckon you'll hit the million mark by the end of project. really looking forward to it happening. john (60, but feel about 25)
'kin hell... always have had a  (silent) soft spot for you creative talent, seems i'm not alone. absolutely fucking awesome and as for trout heart replica - wow... then you start listening to the lyrics... this is why i love your work.
they will not force us they will stop degrading us they will not control us we will be victorious
20k congrats!...   next stop.... $1m pledged
yes!! just saw history !!! fucking awesome
refreshing to see it hit 20 k
ive been following your updates on twitter and been going back and forth on the kickstarter, not so much debating whether to support (which was never a question) but how much could i afford to put in.  as with alot of people money is a bit tight for me right now and i dont have much in the way of disposable income, but this project was to big and to important for me to not contribute.  after putting aside money from paychecks and a little something i had lying around i was able to pledge enough for the artbook and cd set and with a little extra bump i can now get the vinyl as well! rarely do i come across an artist who seems so sincere in not only their music but their art as a whole but keeps themselves grounded and is a fan of her fans as much as they are of her.  i had the honor of seeing you in dc at the 930 club during the tour cycle for 'wkam' and it has hands down one of the most energetic heartfelt and moving performances i have ever had the pleasure of witnessing. thank you for all you have done, all you do, and all you will do. vr -michael heidbreder
hey, afp, you goddess you--just upped my pledge another 125 to get art book and vinyl as well as cd--i am playing trout heart replica over and over as i dive back into the novel i've been struggling with for two years now.  like so many here, i am broke and this makes no sense but i want to invest in your dream and be part of this amazing thing which proves that if you give it all, give it away over and over in service of making something amazing, the rest of it falls into place, somehow, some way.  you are an inspiration, my dear.   i was the 118th backer on day 1 and i am so proud to be part of this amazing story!  oh, and i'll see you in boston on august 2.  got tickets for me and my two best artist pals.  it's an act of faith and pilgramage for us, just so you know.
god, this song is making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end... and the story is so harsh! veggie power!!! "the kids love this", it's awful! "look at them jerking". crying :'( sad song... sadder than have to drive, but so lovely. very moving. the piano, the strings. tear-jerking. well done!!! another fantastic song. can't wait to hear it live, but i'm sure the floors would be wet with tears!
just gone for the bed book... my oh my all this looks incredible... i can't wait to get my goodies and i'm so glad this is working soooooo well!!! i'm so glad to be able to be in a position to be able to contribute just a little bit to this fantastic wealth of awesomeness!!! this is one for the grandkids around the fireplace... "when i was 31 19,000 plus of us helped amanda fucking palmer get together a shitload of money to put together the most amazing bag of tricks ever seen on kickstarter". though probably by the time i have grandkids (if ever) capitalism will have been replaced and money will no longer be needed and we will all do what we love doing and exchange our services for everyone elses while listening to amazing music created by all those wonderful artists out there that have never been able to let the world hear them because of the way the industry makes it hard. we love you in spain!!! sam.
btw, this is freaking amazing, i have been on board since may 3rd and have been watching the way you have worked this kickstarter, amazing! congratulations!
anthony you could just make another account and use a different card in order to back at that level twice.
i became a backer last night and the new song wasn't emailed to me. :/  is that how we get it?
fuck me! this album is huuuge!
i'm backing {new york: art opening/backer party} and would like to gift one to my daughter.  is this possible and if so how?  appreciate any help.  :)
thank you for the new song, your ballads break my heart but in a good way. and i smile every time i remember you're married to neil. for the longest time i felt he was mine, i mean that in mine as i knew about his writings and sandman and he was such an amazing thing in my life, i met him once but only in a long line of fans at comic con, and their were so many people there, and now there's you, and i met you in song through neil and that makes me smile that the art that i love brought me to another person's art that i love. sorry hope that doesn't sound creepy. i'm thankful to have your music and his words in my life and i upped my backing too hopefully we can hit the million dollar mark!
thank you for the new song, your ballads break my heart but in a good way. and i smile every time i remember you're married to neil. for the longest time i felt he was mine, i mean that in mine as i knew about his writings and sandman and he was such an amazing thing in my life, i met him once but only in a long line of fans at comic con, and their were so many people there, and now there's you, and i met you in song through neil and that makes me smile that the art that i love brought me to another person's art that i love. sorry hope that doesn't sound creepy. i'm thankful to have your music and his words in my life and i upped my backing too hopefully we can hit the million dollar mark!
just upped my pledge to include the art book. this is thanks for the ninja gigs i have attended where you have shared your art for free. your giving is coming back to you, and i look forward to seeing you tour the album.
i bought a ukulele!!!
whenever i think of you and your tour, the lines from the closing song in mamma mia come to mind: "i have a dream, a song to sing..."  you're gonna make it, amanda.
holy crap if that picture didn't make the cut for the cd i can't imagine the ones that did! #endlessawesome
wow, 20k and $1mill, go for it!!!
hm, so you're going to be at mit tomorrow. while i'm happy to tune in to the webcast, is there an opportunity for people who, say, live around the corner to come and see you without an intervening computer screen?
people were complaining about less money going to artists when labels were in between, now they are concerned about too much money going to artists :|
amanda why are you so apologetic and cautious in your updates about getting rich from this record in case that were to happen? please stop. its your work you deserve a million if it people want your stuff. which brings me to the second question- is funding supposed to be for making the record happen and not for your profit, and is it understood that moneymaking is to happen from the record sales and tour profits once it is made? why did you ask for 100,000 when your costs are coming to 750,000?
it's, like, predestined, but with scads of joyful suspense!!! xd
i promise i typed that out in a more legible state! kickstarter ate my paragraph spacing though :( sorry for the wall of messy text! x
wow, just wow! been following this kickstart project explode over the weeks from around $350,000 when i pledged what $25 (my jobs crappy and that's all i could afford :[  ) and every time i check the site the amount pledge just grows and grows. i was really impressed at it being $350,000 and 3 times the original target, but at the current total of $917,232 i am so blown away! so much in fact that i really really really want to see this reach 1 million. so much so that i've decided fuck it, the bank can tell me off all they want, i'm adding an extra an extra $100! i've instantly fallen in love with your new track and sound, so super excited for the new album and art book, and even more so to see you in london! (even if i've never been to london, and i'm going totally on my own after my friend missed out getting a ticket before they sold out. pretty nervous about it but no way i'm missing out on seeing afp live!). so come one guys, 4 days left, lets make one huge fucking push and reach 1 mill! p.s. i don't hold out for this to be answered, what with there being tonnes of comments already, and this turning into an essay, but could any to teamafp answer whether there will be, maybe not now but sometime in the future, a music book like the dresden dolls / who killed amanda palmer ones? i can't even play an instrument, but i'm determined to learn ho to on my recently bought keyboard and play all those songs i love. also i love how they're so much more than music books, with pictures from behind the scenes and messages and such. and granted, the album isn't even released yet, but i have no doubt it will blow us away and be amazing, and they will add more songs to my list of songs i want to learn to play. i'm going to shut up now. a huge well done to amanda, neil and all the crew. love, hugs and jelly bugs, rob xox
i found your music by mistake. you were a sound cue in a play i was doing in an off-off broadway play i was attending in new york.  wow, after that it was life changing.  i searched every song.  it has carried me through some happy and some bad times.  thank you amanda. hope you reach a million!
i went to sleep and woke up to see the tally $15,000 higher. can we reach a million?! i'm giving serious thought to upping my pledge.
oh glob. i've done it. now i'm officially poor. thanks a lot amanda! [insert sarcastic punctuation here]. a million dollars is a long way from davis square. way to go, lady.
your music has changed my life amanda. i was jealous of you for the longest time and annoyed the hell out of you on twitter. i felt that your social marketing skills were getting you known as opposed to your music and i was all about the music. so i got angry and psycho and feel like the biggest jerk. recently i was banned from kickstarter for having a stalker. i was really hoping that you would mention something about this to the public. this guy has tormented me for 11 years now. it is absolutely horrible. yet after how i have acted online to you i can see why you wouldn't want to help. my dream is to some day work with you or even just sit down with you and talk. you were the best friend i never had. i am so sorry amanda. you deserve this more than anyone i know.
hi! i'm a late backer and i appreciate all the artistic effort and talent deployed in this whole project. i really wish you do get your million andperhps more. can't wait to enjoy the album. :)
i'm spending more than i really should in order to get the summer mailbox invasion and art book package, but the way i see it i'm not going to look back and think "i'm so happy i had that extra money lying around the summer of 2012" this is worth more to me than money, and if i had more i'd give that too. congratulations amanda, i cannot wait to hear this album. judging from "do it with a rockstar" it's going to blow me away!
can't wait to hear these new songs!  i have a project running as well, http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/454216157/new-album-from-jenny-franck  we're trying to raise the money to finish our album.  the songs we've got recorded so far are posted.
i wish more than anything that i could back more than i did. i quite literally used the last dollar i had to my name to make sure i would be able to get the digital download, hah.
so excited to see the amount go up every time i check it, i want this to happen so much! i haven't ever felt so connected to an artist before, and it is brilliant! :d
the small bits of the songs in the kickstarter video get stuck in my head... i'm desperate for the rest now.
i just upped my backing to include the art book instead of (just) the cd. i'm thinking of this as my liberation gift to myself as my divorce papers just came through yesterday and this will be the very first serious money (for me anyway) spent on myself in 10 years. thank you amanda for creating and supporting such beautiful art. congratulations on making it to 900k. here's to a million!
i'd love to see amanda get 20,000 backers and $1,000,000. her cd's are always in my player.
$100k to go to reach the million!!! keep pledging!
the future is now! you've done something amazing here.  you let the fans be the media and choose what they want to listen to!  hell, i don't even know you and i'm proud of you!  you deserve all that this experience brings you.  keep doing what you love (because we love you doing it)!
i wonder if... only 38 people bought the la art show... if only 38 people would be there.. i would bet it would still be a full house. ..  celeb guest list et al.. just sayin.
the bed song book - is it possible to get the mailbox invasion rather than the art show tickets?
the bed song book - is it possible to get the mailbox invasion rather than the art show tickets?
thanks @andrea jarosh....  i'd do the $300 if i could bring my daughter with me, but i cant do $600...   heading to the rock show and will be in town anyway.    oh well, we'll try to be satisfied with just the rock show.  :)  were brining her banjolele!
@anthony dunivan yep. it's one single ticket for each.
i need something cleared up for me...   if i back the art show, do i receive 1 ticket to the art show and 1 ticket to the rock show?    i'm a little confused about the wording and how it pertains to admittance to the art show.   any help apprecaited :)
@missuku been riding for afp/dresden since "live at the loeb" back in '04. just dropping by to say fuck a hater + stay on yo grind. one artist to another xo *drops mic* *moonwalks off stage*
i registered with kickstarter just to pledge my $5! this is music worth paying for.  afp's too good for pirating!
sorry to hear about all the negativity. from the previous song release this sounds like it's going to be awesome. good luck with everything!
awe'some bad-assery!  if you need another shooter for your birthday party, i"m in!
you know, i have been trying for months to put my finger on just exactly what makes amanda fucking palmer so damned cool. i think i have finally come upon an answer. she is like delirium after having eaten her sister, desire, with some fava beans and a nice chianti...
i am so happy to back the little amount i can afford for you!  i hope i get to see you in stl.  the midwest needs you!  i've been a fan since your first studio cd with tdd and have been every day since then.  i know how devoted you are to your fans and your art and it inspires me.  i wish i could communicate with you just how much your music has shaped my life over the past (almost) decade.  i am so excited for the new album and am so honored to be a part of it! sincerely, melany :d
look, i have a really important question - how do you sharpie so legibly on yourself??
i am so proud to support amanda and her music.  here's to patrons of the arts!
i've been watching this campaign for a while, i starred it shortly after i saw it put up because i loved your approach, but i had not heard any of your music, yet! i've been super busy. i finally got a chance to look you up. also, i loved your response to @gabakulka in the last update. i have a lot of friends who are musicians, and one had completely blown up in the last year.. she's sort of lost touch with a big portion of her initial, intimate fanbase, but she's been touring the world. when she's back in ca and things have calmed down a bit, she gets back in touch with everyone. but yeah, i hate having to go to huge venues to see her in nyc, these days. i prefer the smaller ones (even highline ballroom ~450 people with tables out) to the huge, uncomfortable and often disgusting venues like irving plaza... in any case... you are awesome! many forms of congratulations to you on this endeavor. you deserve it.
still refreshing page every chance i get! go go go! many loves and *hugs* and soooo excited for you and all of us!
i'm happy for you amanda, you've earned it!  on another note, thanks for going the distance and putting together a nice vinyl package.  i just hope it gets mastered and pressed by a quality firm like rti, in order to do justice to all the work you've poured into it. p.s. - smurf tits rock.
beloved  afp, ignore the negativity, we love you! saw you at heaven last year, truly spectacular gig, the best i have ever been too! if by backing this project i have got one more person to listen to your music, i, in my small way, have made the world a better place. i do not really care what you do with the money. screw scientology i am doing missionary work for the church of afp!! don't listen to them, just do what you were put here to do, make amazing music!!! t xx
amanda palmer, i love this project you've taken on...  the idea of an artist asking who wants to invest in my next project is a fantastic idea. i somehow stumbled onto the dresden dolls and i loved it.  over the years, i have found myself attracted to young artists with a bit of attitude... and, well, amanda, i think you own attitude.  fun stuff. i was very happy to stumble onto this project.  did i want to help out amanda palmer with her next amazing thing?  hell yes!!! i love that you've been able to take total control of not only your art, but that you can act as a catalyst for other artists that you've invited into the project. and now, i can't wait for the cd.  i can't wait for the book.  and i can't wait for your next project.  where the hell are you going to take us next?
dear amanda, last night you wrote it seemed you were becoming famous for your kickstarter and that made you sad. that made some of us sad, too, because for a moment all the people banging on about the money seemed to make you forget that’s not what it’s about. it’s true kickstarter is cool. someone finally worked out a way to move mountains with little pails, and that makes the future very promising. so when you get to say some nice things about them and how they work—just as you have been—that’s kind of you to do. obviously this project’s success isn’t about kickstarter. it’s about us and you. when people ask you should tell them that. you want to make art. we want you to make it. there’s no mystery. that’s it. it’s baffling why anyone should want to criticize that. do you suppose they’ve been taught that a record is a relationship between one artist and one label? because if that’s not it, what? somehow the hostility must come from some insecurity in their deep spiritual beliefs about art. weird. so maybe think of it this way: perhaps some people have started paying attention because they see you being loved, and believed in, and respected, and trusted. that’s not really all that sad. because...i think that’s kind of how we all found you in the beginning. much love, the legion of eighteen thousand  (and counting)
loved you update tonight, under the swearing and yelling i see profound thought and reason. don't ever change! i'll never think of smurfs the same.
@alejandro mendez: you can get both the cd and vinyl along with a signed copy of the art book for $150. additional information can be found on the front page under the $125 reward info! thanks for your support. - sean (team afp)
i just want both the cd and the vinyls why can't i have both????
absolutely pumped :) seven days to go, i hope it hits a million! i mean, i backed you pretty late in the game, i'm sure there are other procrastinators around here.
all the best for you and your band, oxox the lab rat..
greetings from spain.
apologies if this is a repeat...anyone know if polly is one of the covers added to the $5 pledge?
so i've never posted a comment on your blog, and don't think i've ever tweeted you (mainly because i'm pretty sure i'm still horrified by the fact that the one time i did get to stand within arms length, the only thing i could bring myself to do was awkwardly slap your back to show my sincere appreciation of your impromptu ukulele gig at the imperial) but something about your latest blog compelled me to post. fact is, i love everything about this project and everything about the way you've gone about making your art and bringing it to us, the fans. haters gon' hate. at the end of the day, the numbers don't lie, so for everyone who's hung up and still somehow missing the point of it all - well, i feel sorry for you... because you're an idiot. any artist that's going to give me the option of pledging as little as $1.00 for their art, is a truly kick-arse artist in my books. any artist that gives me the option of pledging as little as $1.00 for their art, while giving fans the opportunity to track its progress step by step via social media, allowing us to see how truly time-consuming/gruelling/gratifying the whole process must have been, and then offer it up to me for as little as one dollar?! well, shit guys, that's just a whole new level of amazeballs. that doesn't exactly scream 'fat-cat, money-hungry dickwad' to me. so i'll happily pledge my money and back this project and any future ones to come.
169k to go before 1mio :)
@harper if you've chosen a pledge in which you have the choice between cd and vinyl, then the survey (that is sent out to our accounts after the deadline/completion of this project) will ask you to state which you want. @joe ingledew the deluxe as in the extra songs: i wish and hope, since it would be a shame if only the second lowest tier got "bloopers". since the pdf is for everyone from $5 and above, i'm just going to cross my fingers that the extra music is as well.
concerning this economical "loss", well let's call it investment that this project is and results in (theoretical $1´000´000 pledge gives ~ $50´000 to you guys, afp & crew). where should we put our money to best support you guys? a: pledge as much as possible and choose a lower tier reward or b: gift you guys cash later on, when this kb project is done and you are touring and therefore have less outcomes, say kb and amazon? still not sure i understood the last update correctly. feedback welcome.
absolutely love his project.  way to go.  one other i love on this kickstarter is xeko.  really neat idea.  seems they are making a game for kids to learn about animal extinction.  i backed that one also.
i hope she gets more then 1 million and then some.
820k :)
@robclark ...well said! sounds like we can both be grateful that no matter what our path thus far we have not fallen into that ugly, bitter place that lays some souls to waste on the side of an artistic road! afp...i've got mad respect for her and though i don't know her in person her heart shines through, which i'd say contributes to her success as an artist and human. give love, get love! ....and lastly....start writing!!!! sincerely, jilann
i am so excited by the first song you released, and by your updates including #5, that i upped my backing so i can have the art book :d rawk onnnnnnnnnnnnn afp and the gto (and neil....shouldn't he be neil bloody gaiman at this point? it fits in numerous ways.)
@jilanno'neill  agreed that some of us are playing on a higher difficulty setting than others.  tho had i not heard amanda's music from the dresden dolls playing in a gritty club in second life, i think that it is her tenacity and frequent experimentation and play on the webbernets that would have thrust her into my hearing eventually.  and good on you for not giving up.  sincerely and i mean that speaking as an artist who put my work out there and couldn't make a commercial go of it.  good on you.  don't give up.  i think the sharpness of my words are aimed at those who did give up or worse never stepped up in the first place and use amanda's earlier success as an excuse for why it will never work for them.  it's not easy.  no one ever claimed that it was.  amanda's been years and years in getting to this point.  i know when i get time and courage enough to commit ink to paper again it will be a hard slog of it.  but don't give up.  we all as artists need to look to this and see it as a big yes we can!  (btw - break a leg on your current project - listened to some of your work via your site and youtube and you've got my support)
thanks for update #5. the question really is, though, what do we, the fans and backers get out of it, for our five or twenty-five or a hundred bucks? answer:  afp music as it should be, not whored out to a bunch of humorless, uncreative off-shore bean counters' perception of "what the public wants." yeah. go for a million!
woohoo! hookers and blow!... oh wait ... what was that middle part again? (all kidding aside, we're all very proud of you.)
i really want it to hit a million also. you are so talented. you totally deserve it.
i hope this hits a million! i desperately wish i could pledge more. i am so excited and inspired by the success of this kickstarter.
marcelino: click "manage your pledge" on the right side of the screen. :)
does anyone know how one selects whether they're getting vinyl or the cd? that never came up for me anywhere.
17,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm trying to figure out how i can pledge more. i want to hit a million! also why does everyone  forget about new mexico.  we in albuquerque would love to see you. as a student teacher i taught neil's book the graveyard book. and this year i'm teaching your lyrics as poetry.  life is good.  sorry i ramble.
update #5 is a work of art in itself, especially if you are trying to understand the new world we are living in and how artists should find and relate to their audience. thanks for taking the time to write it and share with all your supporters.  good luck in reaching a million dollars+.
@mattjones and @robclark ... i sincerely back amanda, both with a pledge and as a fellow artist! as to your comments about unknowns complaining... i am an artist and i launched a kickstarter to help with funding for my second record. i made my first record with my life savings and hard work (which i in now way complain about. it was actually invigorating!) i created my own one woman show because i couldn't afford to tour/hire musicians for shows. i started my second record and put some into that which brings me to today! .... in no way do i feel that i can't do it....however... there is a difference to have had label support at one point vs having had none. there is a difference between the way kickstarter will work for artists such as amanda vs one's who are just trying to get off the ground. it doesn't make one right or wrong, complain not complain. and trust me (i used to work in the industry) amanda is good to be doin it herself and without roadrunner, good for her and i do hope she conquers the world with this and shows them all it can be done and by a female artist to boot! i just wanted to share how i felt because for me to say it's a different experience from my vantage point doesn't mean i'm complaining at all...it just means it's different and i will also, never stop making music. we should all support each other...artist to artist...that's how it always was and always should be. sincerely, jilann
love you too, amanda. your business plan is why i back projects in kickstarter. i only wish i were more affluent myself so i could do more. i do hope to meet you in person one day and be able to give you a hug as thanks for all this. and one for neil for all his awesomeness!
also, please don't forget about taxes!  a lot of kickstarter projects get screwed up because they don't factor in paying taxes.
just about passing 800.000$! 1 million is possible!
amanda, quick question if you may already know, what name is the new album being released under? "amanda palmer" "amanda palmer and the grand theft orchestra" "the grand theft orchestra" etc? thanks
whoops! not $, #backers!!
$16,666!!!
just backed this, can't wait to hear the music!
come on, we're on the edge of smth good here - let's make it 1.000.000 $ !!!!!!
a bit off topic but i gotta say this... ++++++++++++++++++++ neil is such an amazing writer !!! ++++++++++++++++++++ i wish he'd take over doctor who and besides i wish he'd create a point and click adventure game someday :)! ++++++++++++++++++++ okay... now i shut the fuck up get back to afp and your damn good campaign and music... let's make it fucking 1 million :) rock on !!!
let's make it fucking 1 million!
awesome video and great music!
amanda, first of all: thanks.  i know you've been hearing that a lot lately; but, again, thanks.  i know you've had a million different questions thrown at you over the past month so i won't ask... i'll beg: please come to the gray state of ohio for a show.  (i'd promise my undying love, but you and neil share an equal portion of that...)  i know there's a tour in the works but columbus ohio needs you, hell the whole world needs you but if you could find it in your heart to bring your special brand of love to the buckeye state...  that's it.  keep the mind-blowing-fuck-the-system-totally-awesome-genre-devoring-music coming and i'll be a happy man way too excited for this album dan
does the $25 pledge include the deluxe digital download?
via facebook and now a gmail update, i just had to upgrade... keep on rocking.  i'm really looking forward to over 1000% funding for this project.
damn afp i've been sleepwalking through life i didn't know about your music till i saw neil's site and then on rachel s show and i bought, who killed and knew i had to be part of this.  i'm a poor teaching assistant who just upped his pledge cause i want the art book damn it.   and maybe this will take half my check but that's ok. this is something we all need to part of.
amanda, just got a laser cutter, if you need some papers or fabrics cut,  can do extreme cuts if you have the files. lee
i love how you're combining the music with art shows as i am a huge fan as well as an artist student. i'm gutted that i couldn''t make the london one in the end because i'm tied up with university degree show stuff. i know you mentioned you would be doing a full tour on the album and i was wondering if that would include some dates over in the uk? i've been dying to see you for years! it would be so awesome if you could make it up to leeds.
amanda and crew can not afford the big packages this time amanda, sorry. celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary this year, one of my gifts to my wife was a pink  ukulele maybe in a few years when we recover. and perhaps one day you will be near abq new mexico. please do stop for a break, your worth to much to burn out.
thomas, shoot me an email and we'll figure it out! sean@amandapalmer.net - thank you so much for your support. look forward to speaking with you. - sean (team afp)
i've just upped my pledge to $25 (i must have the art booklet!), but i'd like to give another digital download as a gift. is there any way to do that aside from creating a second kickstarter account?
yesssssssssssss !
what will be the difference between the cd and vinyl? will the vinyl have the 24 page booklet also?
a lot of people find reasons for why it can't be done.  there are artists galore that can talk your ear off about how they never had a chance.  how they can't do it.  well what i love about afp is that she is not out there resting on her laurels waiting for success to be handed to her - she is out there making success for herself.   she is truly a frontier scientist when it comes to the music industry.  breaking down barriers and blazing new paths.    those of you with artistic visions of your own - the worst thing you could do to yourself is say 'i can't do it because i'm not afp' .... instead look to the example she has set and get going.  make your art.  improve your craft.  connect with people and share.  the bar hasn't been raised, the whole damn floor has been lifted up.  i can't think of a more exciting time for the creative soul.
16,000 backers !!!
16,000 :d
great initiative. looking forward to the songs. come to denmark soon......
great promo video! we love you all at home!! say hi to neil, we love him very much too!!! :)
love the song, wow!! :) you rock amanda please come to ireland i so want to meet you :)
i find it hilarious that artists say that an artist cannot achieve what amanda fucking palmer has because she has a large fan base. why? well i remember the early days when afp was just like those artists who complain. note to artists: people who have never met amanda love her because she's real and cares about everyone. she's become much larger than i ever imagined because of this, and i'm really happy for her and us!
:) twitter for dm's, eris5kaos, so i can find out how it goes! yay!
@angie oohh now that is a plan!! i didn't even think of that!!
@natalie completely understand! if it doesn't work out, just get a trusted friend to pledge for the summer invasion with your address, and you purchase london art gig. as long as you have someone you can trust with your $300. you can incite them with offer of cd or art book since you'd be getting two!
@angie. yeah summer invasion and book bundle. and tryin to get a london art show ticket. wish ne luck! i'm super excited! listened to the new track... amzazing!!! now just neeed to be at that london show!
@natalie. yes email, i can't seem to find the email addy here, but i believe the 'send message' link above is workable, and people have said they've gotten quick responses. fingers crossed for you! should be fine. you getting the "summer invasion" + book bundle? i'm too excited for it to come! -a
@angie cheers think i'll have to email them or something both things cost 300 so i dont know where to up pledge to 600 then email them saying its for another package. soo confusing!! thanks for your help tho :)
@natalie see my comment below. also cannot choose more than one pledge package, if you are trying for that, choose larger amount package then email what else it is you're wanting to get. hope that helps :)
anyone able to help i'm trying to change my pledge to add another option but it will only let ne change my pledge not add to it.... help!
hmmm... interesting...
for anyone with questions about changing your pledge amount or package selection, please select 'manage your pledge' to make adjustments. read the updates! check the faq at bottom of page!    just a fan sending out *hugs* to everyone of you that has backed amanda's kickstarter, this has been so amazing to watch!
hey a - you should try out ... http://www.stageit.com/ i would love to see you guys go at it from the front row! let me know what you think ...
would be super cool if it was possible to for example be able to use some of these songs for non-commercial low/now-shortfilms!!! "do it with a rockstar" is truly amazing. looking forward to every song that's yet to come.  great work!!!!
@joachim 100% agree, releasing the songs under a cc license would make this a true music and freedom revolution! :) and, since amanda already did it with the 8in8 group album.. i hope she's thinking about doing the same with this new album! :) also, she's obviously open to feedback  http://www.lorenzosmusic.com/2011/05/how-we-talked-amanda-palmer-into.html  sooooooo amanda, please, can we have an open license, so we are able to share and spread the love even more? (sorry for my shitty english! :d)
i pledged- like you said, afp, we are the media.  i truly think you are a fucking musical force, and i cannot think of any other band that i would rather back. the new song is amazing, and i am all aflutter waiting on the new album! keep doing what you do, and don't forgot us here in southern va on your tour!!!
wow... how did that happen? how in twelve monkeys name did i end up being a backer? i can remember watching the video today and suddenly... it all went black and... well, then i realized that i've just backed this project. oh no... oh wait... oh goody :)!!!
listened to the single and doubled my pledge to $50.00.  am so looking forward to the album (and tour of nz) ^_^
just upped my pledge to $26.50, because i want to pledge what i can, and i sure as hell want this album to hold and listen to and love.
i love this and you, and at this moment you are 737% funded woo hoo! kickstarter question: can we be pains in the ass and contact you for some sort of multiple reward deal? e.g. say i pledge over $100 but instead of getting the $100 reward i want two of the $50 rewards, or three of the $25 rewards and five of the $5 rewards (christmas is only seven months away!).  we can only choose one reward level; i think if april winchell can do it, you can :d
dear amanda, i just left you a pledge. i meant to do it earlier, but finally got around to it. my first impulse was to buy a dollar download; the extra zeros are for the message you sang to me from webstock 2011 :) this is my way of saying thanks and keep up the good work. yrs,  k
can't wait to hear the album.
love the track! you all are amazing!!
that track kicks ass!
you'll just have to come to spain again so i can take more pictures of you chugging jagermeisters... loved you in sala caracol in madrid... even if most of the people there didn't understand half of what they were hearing!!! love you!! fell in love when i first heard sex changes on last fm while working at a video store in majorca... been a while, but i've bought all the records, got the t-shirts, badges and all the books... i always try to get some sort of "bumper pack" as i think this is the way to get the most back to you for giving so much to us all. come to spain... please please please :)
@svn, cheers, got it sorted now.
i wish i could pledge so much more.  <3 you amanda.
girl, i am sooooo proud of you!! :)
somewhere out there there's an executive of a major corporate label seeing this and getting really worried.
well fucking done for helping to change the way people consume art forever by the way. i have a wee question about the packages, but maybe i'm just being a kickstarter noob. is there any way i can buy the vinyl, the cd and the pdf all together? i can always pledge more, but can't seem to then select multiple packages. should i just pledge $80, select the vinyl, and then wait for the survey? let me know what the best thing to do is! i cannot wait to hear it / own it / love and cherish it forever. ps: when are you coming back to scotland? we miss you. any chance of some exciting backer exclusive shenanigans at the fringe this year?
@ jason: just click "manage your pledge" and choose the $5 reward!
great new song. i had already pledged $5 before the $5 package was added, the you selected tag is still over the &1 or more on my kickstarter. will i automatically get the $5 package or do i have to do something else ?
what an awesome song! will listen to this for the rest of the day. :d
great song! i'm currently low on cash (the world is a fucked up place right now) and being able to buy your record for a $5 makes my day. thank you very much.
p.s....to the commenter lori vashaw from a couple hours ago...i want to ask you about your dog!! don't see a way of sending you a message though!
wow!! if the rest of the album is as amazing as this song i can't freaking wait!!!!!
wow!  amanda, you deserve this kind of success.  thanks for being awesome!
$5 is a small price to pay to see the music industry die painfully at the hands of true artists. go on, amanda. you're a good dame.
i boosted my pledge to $5, right after you threw that awesome free song at us! not only that, but nekkid pics too! geez what else are you going to throw in, a slap-chop that even makes julian fries!?
i'm so proud to be a backer for your project and i always will ! the new single kicks ass and i just can't wait to hear the rest of the cd. you fucking rock, i love you and continue to kick ass like you amazingly do :d <3
i adore you amanda. i have in fact opened for you back on 04 and 06-i have been bombarded with questions i can't answer and wonder if you will tackle them in a update as i have no idea what to say-all i answer is i believe in your work. so what i hear is ' she is married to neil fucking gaimen, why hasn't he funded her little project?" 'she had to have mad tons of cash with dresden dolls how much has she put up' i donated because i adore you and yet i can't get actual fans on board because there are no answers to these questions....:( i am on ssa and donate idk
great new song. can't wait to get those extra downloads!
holy new song, batman... it is total amazaballs.
love love love it. what a beautiful way to end a crummy day. hugs and kisses afp!!!
i love the new song. amazing.
yay 14k! love you afp!
thank you afp!!!
you're the best, amanda!
sorry, i know about shipping now!
how much would it be for international shipping?  thanks.
you have the most amazing energy! the updates are so fucking inspirational. brilliant to be a part of this.
okay my cat knik told me to come back and get "cd" .... done..
@natasha you can, buy one the email them and they will add the cd and any other package to your order. hit home, go all the way down, click "can i purchase two packackes" something like that, it will give you their email addy to add. bam done :) they respond very fast too.
thank you so much for helping to restore my faith in kickstarter! that and getting a great album as well doesn't hurt....
alejandro suárez mascareño > the projection is about as best-guess as we can get it. still projecting to top out over 1m, but could be lower: http://i.imgur.com/6q6r8.png  what the projection can't project is the 3-day push at the end of projects, so keep this in mind when you're reviewing the projections.  thanks for using us!
joachim -- we don't expect sandwich makers to give their sandwiches out for free. removing the middle men is a revolution because we empower the creatives to take their journeys in their own hands creatively as well as financially. other than that-- am i the only one who really want an option that will let me purchase both the cd and the vinyl record? i would gladly donate $75 for the set!
nope no one got it i tried but fell asleep :(
did anyone catch 666,666 for neil gaiman? (and the signed card or other thing he was offering for a good, honest screencap)
after waffling for several days the free delivery twitters from afp pushed me over the edge into backing this kickstarter.  how could i resist free delivery to the bottom of the world (new zealand) and the gorgeous art book and what i am sure is going to be an amazing album. i am so looking forward to getting my special package in september.
can't wait from moment viewed video. love vinyl and most likely get cd... all my friends though i was nuts playing dresden dolls all or talking about amanda.. uh huh life goes on we create it's amazing.
yes yes yes! give me all of your crazy music!  i submit, i submit! i met neil gaiman about 18 years ago and was smitten, he easily became my favorite author, and then i found afp.  now i am in love again!  this music is taking over my life!  afp and her gto are kickass.  hopefully this will help you guys tour in more places, philadelphia please!  if i had the money i'd totally pay for the afp house party!
had to at least pledge something, so i only gave a dollar so far, but i am definitely saving up to increase my pledge. here's hoping i'll have at least $25 to spare next pay day. i've seen you play before, but to be able to catch you at the roxy and know i did some small part to make that happen would be amazing. can't wait!
i loved you in dresden dolls and i love you now. i am very excited for this new album and in my eyes you are one of the last true artists. you sing beautifully about things that matter and keep the world honest. thank you very much for keeping music as an art form rather than just a manufactured voice. i love you. thank you again. and congratulations. bwat
i have been following this since day 1, waiting until i had the money to make the $25 donation (i was going to buy the album no matter what, why not get the backer edition), and i just have to say i am so proud to be part of such an amazing group of fans. watching the number grow from $49,000 (roughly) when i first clicked the link to this page, to $656,000 two weeks later. just wow. amanda deserves the help she gets. i have been listening to her since late 2003 when she and brian stole my heart away with 'missed me' and since then she has never failed to do so with every note, lyric, or blog she has dealt me. . so here is to what i hope is many many more years with her music.
backer 12,194! woo!
im a 39 year old man that only got to hear of afp and the dresden dolls by a fluke as was working at an american air force base in england and the librarian had loads of his daughters cds he was dumping he had all sorts of shit i was into and dresden dolls was in the pile first listen wasnt sure as into marilyn manson slipknot and heavy shit at time one listen later was on phone to a mate saying this is best thing heard in years even up ther with janes addiction then got everything dresden dolls had done and afp solo stuff and to be honest she is the closest thing to god to grace the planet every word from her mouth makes me smile and as going through a bit of a hard time at the mo getting divorced that is hard to do,sorry to waffle on but she is amazing and would love to see her and say thanks for keeping a smile on my face the only 1 i thionk i will love again is afp
so, since you have raised well over your goal, please play more places!!! your just on the two sides of the country and the middle gets no afp =[ ... you should maybe stop in st. louis, conveniently where i live, or i'll even chicago for you, but i am very depressed that i only got to see you once in my life... and if you have time i would absolutely love it if you recorded more songs, like i google you and all the other songs you have played but i cant buy... i hope kickstarter has shown you that your fans need more of you and are willing to pay! ^_^ just in case you read these when i saw neil in the guild season 5 i freaked the fuck out, videogames and you have been the two biggest things in my life and that was just perfect but almost depressing because there will be nothing else in that webshow that will compare to how crazy awesome that was. the first time i heard of you was coin operated boy and i couldnt stop listening to it over and over again, you are the first musician i ever got into and watching you grow, watching you make more and more music that is just so perfect... you take the melody styles that i have always loved and add so much to them and your words are perfect and your sense of humor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i wish i was rich so i could give you more, i swear if after college my life goes right and i have money i will gladly donate it to you, there is no fucking way i could ever repay you for everything you have done for me.
just backed this! love this project and love kickstarter! in fact, i love it so much - i'm doing my research paper on this project and on kickstarter. please don't think this is spam, it is not! i just really need some kind people to help me by filling out this really short questionnaire which is on surveymonkey! it's only 6 questions, completely anonymous and will help me out so much!!! http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/cz2mwp5 thanks so much if you can help me out :d and i wish you all the best amanda!
another shout, another call to arms! sooo excited about amanda's kickstarter, refreshing the page every few hours is overly gratifying. i get goosebumps just watching this grow like a snow pea fertilized by every fan, only much, much, muchly bigger. i keep expecting jack to come running followed by a giant........bear.
you had me at keytar. well you had me when i first saw girl anachronism video projected on the screen at a pub years ago. so excited to get to listen to more of your work. who killed amanda palmer was great and after the snippets i like the new songs too.
greetings from south america, brazil! i just contributed with a very humble 1 dollar, but i would like to say you guys kick ass... loved your music! congratulations on the successful kickstarter!
i gave one of the six dollars i presently have in the bank. i wish i could afford more. this is worth it though.
@joachim - given the $1 pledge gets the album, i expect this will be the same as the 8in8 album; released on bandcamp for name your price min $1 (or $0 like ukulele anthem) and, unless there are covers, a cc by-nc license. i don't see it harming the "revolution" (such as it is, this is hardly untrodden ground) if amanda continues to give people the obvious ways to give her money (merchandise, physical copies, pay what you want) if they so choose, whilst also letting the music out into the wild :).
i backed the $300.00 art invasion package, i read it as you would get everything from the above in the $250.00 7" vinyl/art package... with the edition of the signed art book. did anyone else who got this package read it that way? which meant the backer only version of the vynyl plus backer copy of the cd gift it if you don't want it. then on twitter amanda told me i needed to re-read it..... um for the $300 i'm paying others are lucky and get live performances, food/drink special goodies at the show, and get to hang with them... plus either the vinyl or cd. if i lived by any of the areas i would hv picked that route... just confused now bc i had believed i read it it right... if not i would like to know so i can pledge more bc i want final version on vynyl plus cd. so help! :)
can i contribute a piece of art to the project?
can't wait to receive the awesome music and gifts!!! :d
i agree whole heartedly with mr antonio garcia. seriously. please. :)
joachim - that's a matter of opinion. but, i just wanna point out, this is just barely getting started. lots more will surely be uncovered as time goes on.
i like kickstarter and i like amanda so this is a great combination. but it's still not a revolution. sure, the money goes now directly to the artist and people decide what projects are made. but: a real revolution would be to choose a price for your work (let's say 300.000$ for an album) and when you got paid you say "thank you, now it's under this creative commons license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/" this would really be a revolution. name your price, get paid, give it back to the world that made it possible for you to make it. no more hassle with merchandise, re-releases, copyright violations and so on. work, get paid, give back. let's see which artist will take this path first.
ok, might be time for some stretch goals/extra goodies for the fans! just tell us the disc is now a double disc and that you'll master all recorded songs, and we'll be very happy! hell, i would go up to $30 for the extra disc if it is needed.
i can't stop watching the video to listen to snippets of the songs! still have so many of them stick in my head from the northcote social club shows.  i'm so proud and excited to be a backer of this project. we are the media!
it has been incredible watching the support for this project go up and up. any chance that what is bound to be an epic world tour will make it's way to north queensland when you come back to australia?
if this kickstarter breaks $1,000,000 i'll pass out from happiness.
you have kicked me off the throne of being the kickstarter queen. go girl go.
i second the motion for a vancouver bc date on the tour.  please!
kicktraq's projection predicts this will end somewhere between 1.05 million $ and 1.66 million $. it's not really accurate, but i think the 1 million mark will be passed.
11,211 backers $610,043 pledged of $100,000 goal 22 days to go
more than happy to be a part of this. will you ever come to vancouver??? b.c., that is.  pleeeaaassse?
this gives me chilllssss! <3
woohoo! backer 10987. nice countdown there :) now please come back to belfast, i swear we won't run you over this time!
inspired.  really, really inspired.  we are the media and house parties and content creators winning!  great day.  go content creators go !
just done it!!! so happy!! thanks amanda for letting us be part of this, can't wait to listen/watch all of this art!!! love you! hope to see you soon live on stage ;) federico -milano
this is the future of music and that is why i backed this project. good luck and i hope this is one more step towards changing the way the world works.
i can't stop refreshing this page! it's so phenomenal how much love there is for amanda and the gto :)
since you have massive amounts of $ contributed, it would be great for you to bring the band to the middle of the u.s. it would be nice to actually see you in concert. even if you came to kc, that would be just fine with me (though a date in wichita would be better). but i'll drive to kansas city with a carload of friends to see you in a heartbeat.
re: update requests. i really like looking at pictures of you all dressed up and fancy like. mayhaps you could include a picture or two of you being of you being happy/mopey/grief-stricken/overjoyed in some sort of flamboyant garb? aside from that little personal request, i think that posting discarded tracks/samples is awesome; love the musicmaker/fan collab idea. i basically just want a way to live vicariously through you as you undertake this amazing process.
afp there is so much of love waiting for you here in south africa!! i'm afraid to say, it's a must-visit on your tour. you'll simply just have to come and experience all of our love and our awesomeness and this beautiful, beautiful country. there is no other way :d
i'm stupidly excited about the london art opening. had to sell my guitar to fund the trip but i know it'll be worth it. whats the dress code? in fact fuck dress codes i'll aim for flamboyant yet dashing.
i only wish my poor ass could donate more to you guys. you're my biggest inspiration, afp. keep making the amazing, amazing, music.
ps - & do swing by brisbane next time you're in oz. we do so worship the vegemite song because you're right - that shit really is fucking disgusting.
i know what you should do with the extra $$$ - a kickass holiday then make another album, sell said album, make some more $$$, make some more music, make another album, sell said next other album, make some more music - rinse and repeat. definitely throw in a few more kickass holidays and fun in there too and fucking enjoy every second of it! mwah x
personally, i'd like to be updated on shows, progress made, and any videos.  and most of all b-sides!  i know there were probably a lot of great songs that didn't make the final cut and i'd love to have them on my ipod.
a philly show would be awesome, any chance that's in the works?
@canton becker: i would love that.
"what kinds of updates would you like to see?" post rejected / discarded sounds or tracks or takes from the album and invite us to remix them. reuse, renew, recycle!
does the digital download include the art booklet in digital form? if not i'm certainly willing to add more bucks to get it...
love this kickstarter! since you asked in the update about the kinds of updates we'd like to see, i thought i'd drop a mention for the way the order of the stick updates have been done - the artist generated a number of milestones, and gives a little meter showing how close to completion they are (both rewards and the main products). i could see something like that being nice (75% posters being done, 90% digital downloads ready, etc.) with a brief blurb on what you've been doing.
i don't know which makes me prouder: that we raised almost $600,000 in a *week* or that there are over 10,000 of us.
i can not wait to hear the entire album! you are very talented! smart idea breaking from your label!
hooooorah!
so happy you blew your original goal out of the water! and frustrated with the "what are you going to do with the extra money" comments on twitter. i think you deserve to make a profit, and i hope you do. i hope you make an enormous one. i didn't back you on the condition that you barely break even ~ i backed you because i love your vision and your music, and i would still be happy to back you even if you meet your goal 10 times over.
i never doubted for a second that you'd gather the sum you needed - but what you actually managed to do is impressive and inspiring. happy and proud to be part of the process!
money for the songs, honey for the honks,  hope to see the band in berlin the towny is right for ninjalooting
just gave you $25 of my hard earned cash to have a kick ass record and world tour. i have been a fan of yours for years, and you continue to inspire this broke college student in new orleans. i do hope you come here on tour. i am so looking forward to listening to this record! you are awesome, keep going!
i agree with jilann.  your music isn't the only thing that moves millions.  i always feel newly inspired every time i read your blog and your kickstarter update was the same.  you have a gift for showing the people you reach just how much impact we have in the world - each of us - through our words and actions. don't stop!
well over half a million dollars after just a few days.   looks like you might just have caught the attention - and more importantly, the imagination - of quite a few people. it also looks like you may be cutting a road for the commercial future of music and it's beginning to look pretty rosy with all the extra-added-goodness you used to get with top flight vinyl albums.   i feel a bit honoured to participate (in my own small way) in a reinvention of part of popular culture.
amanda! that update ruled full stop! you are an inspiration on many and every level! any update about how you're feeling or what's up with the project is inspiring...it reminds us all that we have the power to create. i could ramble but damn...you go girl, well deserved and inspiring!
keep keepin' it real, amanda!
i love you, afp. forever and ever. i'm a proud backer and so stoked for the new album.
wow! good for amanda! she deserves it and is inspiring! i have a kickstarter going of my own. it's an interesting process for sure...here's the deal...i will or won't succeed in reaching my goal but what's rad is how inspired i am in general by others...can't wait for the backer only cd...go amanda, i love your music and can thank kickstarter for discovering you! music...in the gentle hands of the musicians who make it!
this happens just in time for my birthday! it's going to be all kinds of epic! can't wait for september!
25 days to go... and a 100k goal.... :)
i can only afford the $1 download and it's likely to be a very long time before i'm anywhere near close enough to get to one of your shows, but i just want you to know i think you're the very awesomest. =)
??:,???(^-^ )??????( ^-^)/?,??:??  thank you for being so freaking awesome! my heart explodes when i listen to your music, thank you thank you.
i. am. so. effing. excited! congrats to you amanda =) i cannot wait for summer fun, i will be a grinning girl, *(greaterthanthree)* and *hugs* too!
in my sails, that is.
have you all seen the moon tonight?  amazingly bright and clear! time to check out one's moon garden. thanks for blowing wind in my sales...very glad to be able to support your cause.
my modern day freddie mercury. innovative, brave, remarkably talented. you have my heart, amanda. keep on keeping on. yours in chaos, a.
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee no idea. i've been listening to you since i was in 7th grade. i'm so excited. one question though: will the cd version contain lyrics? they should. just a suggestion. :)
"this is the future of music" could not agree more. regards, ruemere
i am so fucking excited for the new album and tour~!!
ya gotta serve somebody... so it might as well be amanda fucking palmer! congrats on the ingenuity, amazing talent and gigantic success of this project and all your other myriad endeavors. bonus points for the fact that your husband seems pretty cool  and talented as well. yours in the struggle,,,
pledged to donate a dollar, but when i get paid on wednesday i will donate more. i believe in this project and it's exciting to see all the years of amanda's hard work paying off. and i can't wait for this album and tour. love.
amanda...a  fan  from mexico  who  just recently  discovered your music, i really love to be able to pledge to you and  receive some  little  love from  a digital disk and just to know that my money is really used  for a good cause.  good  luck , we love you!!
we are the media.
i pledged so i could get art by neil. how weird is that? always an inspiration, our dear afp.  you are making the future and dragging the rest of the world with you.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
sending much love to the birthday twins...it's a pleasure to see someone change the existing structure with a challenge that succeeded wildly. correction: that is still succeeding. let's see where this goes....xoxoxo kitty cat
go afp , go !!!
very happy to support this project and cant wait to here the new album. please please please can you play a show in birmingham when you hit up the uk next!!
what a great way to get music from a fantastic artist. long may art triumph! i would love to see a way to get a digital copy of the art book for some pledge level (maybe $15?) for those of us overseas who would love to see it, but don't want to mess with shipping it. i know the download reward said something about a bonus package with art, but i'm willing to donate more for the time and talent that goes into a fully laid-out and designed book, digital or otherwise.
i am so proud of this! congrats on the over half a million mark! i love this kickstarter so much and i can't wait to see you and the band, afp! so much love!!!
i am short on money and never have listened to a song by amanda palmer. something in the video made me decide to change the second part of that statement.
.000599% of this can be attributed to me. aww, yeah.
ten
we are the motherfucking media, bitches.
half a million!! yusss!
i just wanna celebrate the half million mark
i just helped my favorite artist in the world reach $500,000 in pledges for her next album. despite the very little effort it took for me to donate, i am (oddly enough) proud of myself xd i cannot wait to receive my art book, digital download, and thank you card from afp and her lovely new band mates who i am certain i will fall in love with the second i press play on that first song. <3
yay half a million. congrats!
i really feel like contributing to this is making music history. quantum leap away from the big corporate record label paradigm. for the first time in my life i'm seeing a music business that doesn't primarily make money for a bunch of cynical suits. and dying to hear the new record :d
it was such a privilege to meet you the other day. this is amazing, and i'm so excited for you all. congrats!
so close to $500,000!
i cant wait! this makes me feel awesome to just participate. we love you in tulsa!!
anybody know when its going to come out?
getting the cd, i feel this is one that is actually worth buying these days.  love the campaign, the rewards, the video... almost half a million bucks in less than a week! congrats to amanda and the grand theft orchestra. let's keep spreading the word!
flying with a friend (who's also pledged $300) from denver to see your show in sf soo frickin excited! afp, you rock my socks!
wish you were doing an art show in nola! but i'll be happy with my cd.
guess the iphone's gonna have to wait... so f***ing looking forward to the berlin show!!! congrats to the great success of this project, u deserve every penny
i freaking love thsi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i completely agree with dru... i pledged $5 just because of that badass kickstarter video i just watched. amanda seems too passionate about her craft to walk away from this campaign without giving something, if even just a few bucks. i've never heard your music but i don't think there's ever been a better time to start. good luck to you and the band, wishing you guys many years of success!
seriously? everyone asking for stretch goals or updates to get more traction? the project's already 4x over base funding and still has 27 days to go. give amanda a chance to recover ;)
pledged $2, may up it to $5 just because it doesn't feel right taking the digital download for less.   honestly, that's as much as i can do, wish i could do more.  happy birthday, lady.
shared!  you are three cute!
yay! looking forward to my cd. would have loved to get the art book if i had e funds but this is fabulous anyway. afp is the media ! <3
given the incredible success you've had with your funding goal will you be looking at signing up to kicking it forward? http://www.kickingitforward.org/
its not just the songs its the attitude she has with keytar she just looks rock and roll
yay amanda!!!  yay grand theft orchestra!!!
please tell me you'll be @ burning man; please, please, please!!!
love this! glad kickstarter made it a project we love and i was able to discover you guys. i can't wait to hear the new album and have already watched the video twice just to hear the samples, lol!
way to go on the kickstarter "projects we love" status! <3
i have so much respect for amanda and the way she goes about her business.  couldn't be happier to donate and can't wait for the new tunes.
someone said he doesn't know what he is doing spending 25$ in an album... i don't know what i'm doing spending 25$ in an album from someone i didn't knew about since a couple of days ago, and whose music i didn't knew about since a couple of days ago (i'm usually into european heavy metal). but there is something truly attractive in her video and in the project itself. and yesterday i discovered that her "amanda palmer goes down under" is awesome.
dear god: the numbers of backers and amount of cash is growing faster then i can click the refresh button.   despite the pitch for a big loan, i somehow don't think she's going to need it!   go you good thing, go!
also, am i the only one listening to the pledge video multiple times just for the music? :p
i pledged $10 despite there not being a digital reward at that level. though i would have liked to put a different reward tier down then $1, i love her music and even though i can't really give much i still want to help.
so pledge $5 or $10 anyway. you'll still get the digital download. it's what i did.
i'd like to see $5,10,15 rewards, i can't pledge $25
had never heard of kickstarter before, but i've heard of others that are similar. kudos to you afp! i'm very excited to hear the new album! <3
my very first kickstarter project!  i look forward to hearing it!
i just recently discovered kickstarter.com - it's a great place to find funding for projects. you guys make great music, i liked the video a lot. all the best!
i am really excited about this. and about how excited everyone else is about it too.
come on afp, time for an update! we're at 400%+ over goal!
i was more than pleased to back your new project~ we always get special goodies this way! and i love your passion for your work! much love~
i´m so happy i just found this. can not wait for the digital copy! couldnt pledge much, but from the very corner of my heart!! cant wait! so happy! <3
i just made an additional kickstarter account so i could get twoooooo tix to the nyc party... gonna be so superfantastic!
just pledged !
i'm not quite sure... why i just paid 25 bucks for a record ^^
how bad is it on a scale of 1 to 10 that i find myself proselytizing for afp as if she were a religion that needed converts?
happy birthday, amanda. happy to help. i don't have much, but i still pledged. and happy i did.
four for you, afp! you go afp.
can't stop logging in and watching the numbers go up, and up, and up...
i agree with robert!!
over $400k already - we are legion!
christine keating - can you please send your question as a message instead of a comment? thanks so much! - sean (team afp)
400 g's! girl you rollin!
it's incredible how much money you have raised so far!  i'm glad to be apart of this!
any chance that the people getting the $300 package can have a +1?
best $125 i've spent in quite a while.
why is the "neil gaiman & kyle cassidy: "the bed song" photobook" so expensive? all other prices look alright to me, but this one i don't understand. ok, you also get the album on cd and vinyl plus the art book. but you can get the additional items for $175 which means the book costs $825. what the...?
happy belated birthday
spending all the money i saved when i had to move back in with my mum and dad for two months to recover from a serious health problem with this. it's a get well soon gift to myself.  i can not wait for the album, i keep watching the vid just to hear the song cilps.
your music is very good. looking forward to see all that you create!
hey! pick up those cards young lady!
@kevin: considering how awesome that physical cd will be, that this is an indie release, and that it is amanda fucking palmer, i think you can make an exception for your new year's resolution... if not, you can always pledge $25, and select only the $1 "digital download" as your reward!
scandinavian fans! http://www.facebook.com/profile.php… house party in sweden! come join and help us make this happen!
wish i could give you more, but alas i'm just a student with very little money. but still, every little helps! ps: @kevin roof, you don't have to accept the reward.
$1 buys you a digital copy of what sounds like an awesome album. or, you could pay a fair price and support the liberation of artists from our generation's number one enemy... the media industry. i'd pledge for a cd if i hadn't sworn off physical media as my new years resolution.
...i need $10,000.
was in for a cd, then watched the video. now i'm in for a cd and an art book, and wishing i had "fingerpaint with amanda palmer" money. i love this funding model for music / art, and am encouraging everyone i know to go in for at least $1. (not only is that a steal for the digital album, but i'm guessing if you asked afp whether she'd rather have one $10,000 backer or 10,000 $1 backers, she'd take more people every time.) seriously, though - even if you have to sit your friends down, make them log into amazon and pay, and then hand them a dollar to reimburse them, do it. they will instantly have better taste in music, and you will have helped add another voice to all this noise our beloved amanda is making.
@karina: this an easily get to a million once amanda does a status update and really opens ups the flood gates. paypal options on her site will kick this up to 400,000+ in a day...
fuck i hope this gets to $500,000+  so happy to see how much of a success it has been so far happy happy happy birthday once again amanda and can't wait to hear the finished album. congratulations to you, the band and your whole team. x
amanda, please post updates!  you've got to keep people interested in giving more money - set a new goal, like if we can get to $500,000 there's a bonus cd or bonus digital tracks just for backers, or add new prizes, even simple things like t-shirts, or videos of neil reading the newspaper, anything!  stretch goals will give us things to aim at, and we'll get the total higher.  you can't take it easy just cause you hit the goal on day one!  challenge us!
i signed up for kickstarter just to do this!  can't wait for the cd and book!  so happy that you're blowing the doors off your goal.  this really is the future of art, now go forth and be awesome afp!
ok, now have to go and buy lottery tickets. i so wish i could afford the $10k level. that would be just too cool, especially since i'm 56 and look something like santa or jerry garcia.. the photos would be awesome!
never wished i was rich so much in my life!!! inspiration doesn't even start to cover what you are to so many people! it may be slightly selfish as i've seen you sooooo many times in uk and australia but pleeeeeeeeease come to edinburgh fringe this year!! last year was amazing and evelyn evelyn was definitely a highlight of the year but pleeeeeeeeeease come again!! xxxxxxxxxxxxx
at the rate we're going you'll have almost 800k by the end of the month! i'm now expecting my package to be more than amazing!! so much love for amanda and her music (and her new band!)
jeebus! at 3x's the amount needed this should be one hell of a project!
love you, amanda.  thank you for being so brave, and thank you for all that you do.
fifty dollars to the woman who has inspired and uplifted me since i was thirteen years old seems entirely inadequate. i will keep tacking onto my pledge every chance i am able to. thank you for doing what you do.
good luck amanda! i'm super-excited that you made this album in melbourne, i hope you come back soon to play it all again x
oh.. ...i could just slap myself for not mentioning how much i loved your kickstarter vid...and to launch on your birthday, as well!!   happy belated birthday!!!!
my $25 is yours.  i really wish i could give more....lord knows i want a ooak art work in my little shack.
@amanda mother fucking palmer.... heres the dealio.... im indebt up to me eyeballs... like... their floating... i earn about 13 bucks minus tax (damn canada) and work 40hrs a week.. thats decent... i nevr spend $250 bucks on anthing... im a thrift store style guy.... but... you are fucking amazing... and your video for this almost made me pee myself.. well... i leaked.. if that counts. i am tres exited. i missed your bookreading and show in vancouver bc when you came to the vogue.......... am i using periods too much? never. i trust, know and have fantastical expectations for the summer surprises!! didi i mention i was exited... and what i was getting at before, i missed it, the show i mean... so.. you need to come back to vancouver so i can see u and meet u and hug u and make macaroni art with you.... i hope that didnt sound stalkerish.... anywho... yyyyyyaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!! <3 and suppport fucking always, matthew hewitt xxx
@samuel: that's the spirit! i'll be going with the artbook pledge as soon as know over the weekend about a debt i'll collect on.
any chance of a digital reward tier? i'd love a digital copy of the album and the book provided at the $100 level, but don't really need/want physical copies
awesome success, amanda! i think you just blew a lot of minds. and i think you're on track for a bad-ass marketing budget, too. btw: you oughta' come to portland, oregon. really. we'll treat you right. rock steady.
fucking amazing sound.  :)
fuck it, might just go for the art show. i'll hate myself if i miss the chance!
went with the $25 cd. download is fine, but now at 300% of what you need, i'm expecting the physical cd to be a-ma-zing. i'll have a new paycheck within the 30 days left, so perhaps i'll convince myself to get the mailbox invasion or art show packages...
inspiring. that is all :)  also, i was at the boston mill rave last year. the songs are epic!
it's not much, but it's what i can afford right now. and when i win the lottery, if the dinner with afp or house party is still available, i'm so there. but right now, i can dream. :) happy belated birthday, amanda and congratulations on exceeding your ks goal in record time. now, i will go have some birthday cake in honor of.  (may 1 is my mom's birthday so we conveniently have birthday cake in the house.)
@ema: for music? indeed! for the whole of kickstarter? not unless this reaches almost 3 million hehehe.
we definitely just set a record, right? http://www.kickstarter.com/discover/categories/music/most-funded#p1
also, the invite to the observatory in boston is still open! if you've never seen saturn in person, you owe it to yourself to make the effort...
can't wait until the boston show! can't afford the $300, but i'll be there with the rest of the hoi paloi
any chance for 24bit 96khz flacs for us digital audiophiles? =^.^=
just pledged and so happy to support the amazing amanda palmer. as a fellow musician i appreciate all she does for those of us wanting to steer clear of the suits in the music industry. love you amanda!
just pledged $25. i hope one of those art shows hits minneapolis!
excited for the vinyl!!
25 is more than i'd typically pay for an album, but i'm happy to pay it to the independent artist. good on you for getting away from the record label. asking for funding from your fans is better than supporting those fools. don't listen to the haters.
aside from the awesomeness of this project, i'm just sad that the book made by neil is at $1,000 mark. :c
so i pledged, and i hope you get enough money to add more locations to the tour, like greece :)
pledged a lowly dollar yesterday, because i was feeling broke---then made a sale, and decided to come back and pledge more. i am so happy that people are funding the hell out of this project!
let me just say, that my backing of this record (though it may be a paltry 25 dollars) is hard and fast proof that there are people in arizona who would love to see you here in the sonoran. now that az is no longer on the road to coachella we are stuck with little to no music save for our few (and you'd better believe) beloved locals, who have real jobs and don't always feel like sweating it out on the outdoor patio of some crappy restaurant. sydney is hardly the only place you could sell out a show you know, and if you came to arizona you could have black carl open for you, they rule. what? don't look at me like that, just trying to be good to good music and beg for more of it to come to my sunstroke home of a state. thanks.
thanks so much for your support, harris. btw, you can find all of that info at http://www.kickstarter.com/discover/most-funded - sean (team afp)
$25 is really more than i can afford since i'm unemployed, but i think it's worth it. i'm super happy to see this kickstarter take off the way it has, over $280,000 raised and there's still 30 days to go. what's the record for dollars pledged for a project on kickstarter? anyone know?
i wish i could have gave more than $25 but there you go amanda. use it well! :)
love to you amanda, love to neil, love to art, love to a whole new age of media. thanks for the music and the opportunity to help!
i'm so excited about this new albummmmm! :d
thank you so much for allowing us to help! i'm so glad i got to be a part of this. :)
i love that people are so excited to see the pledges keep rolling in! amanda, you thoroughly deserve your awesome fans! x
this is so great! i am excited, both to back you and to get a cd! quick question: i sent my pledge through amazon, but there was no way to specify the mailing address of the cd. how do i do that? it's different than the billing address.
i love you afp but why do you hate vinyl so much? why is it twice as much as a cd?  please consider a less expensive vinyl option, pretty please :)
i wish i could afford the 7" vinyl club. but $250 is too much for me. so i got the $50 vinyl.
you are so adorable, how could anyone not back your project?! i am so happy that you topped your goal in just six fucking hours!!! you are my hero!
we fucking love you! happy birthday!! x)
huge congratulations on blowing out your goal!
what... no art show in melbourne?  :-( happy birthday though ;-)
such a great idea! so happy the goal was reached on afp's birthday! now it's even doubled! can't wait for my package.. :)
seems on the road for 0,5-1 million $.
@bevan looks fine here.  even on full screen.  maybe you got a bad connection. try clearing your cache and refreshing the page?
hi afp! was a bit bummed to see the video link for the project has already gone green and blotchy pixelated. can the kickstarter people fix this? i've made a $25 pledge but i'd hate to think of people steering clear coz things ain't working! love mr bubbles.
happy bd amanda !! :-) *please* come to israel for a show. waiting for updates, now that you have x2 of what you wanted :-d usually kickstarts add to the original offering when the money starts flowing :-)
day of birth happiness afp! nice to see double the goal in the first 24 hours, a good pace to set for may. clearly there is a rather large presence that loves you and the work you do. can't wait take in everything that is this body of work/love in nyc. as it so happens, my birthday. congrats on meeting your goal so quickly and may the next 30 days be an ever flowing stream of ideas for the finished masterpiece!
amanda, my twin brother, and i were all born on april 30, 1976.  that, along with the fact that her music rocks, made me jump at this kickstarter campaign.  go, amanda, go!
it's your birthday and you gave us a present!  i can hardly wait for september.  i hope your birthday is magnificent.
happy birthday amanda! i hope it has been wonderful. i am so excited about the new album!!!! can't wait, can't wait, can't wait, do a dance, can't wait! =]
amazing what happens when the enormous middleman record biz machinery is eliminated, eh? i'm distinctly reminded of the recent project by louis ck.
every time i refresh, it goes up by $1,000 or so. my husband suggests that i keep clicking. congratulations, amanda, and happy fucking birthday.
happy birthday and it's awesome you've already surpassed the goal before the first day's even over.
is the art booklet with the $25+ pledge different than the art book with art by all the different artists?
just pledged $25! september couldn't come fast enough. xox thanks for all you do. uke rock <3
happy birthday! :d
it's so cool to be a patron - love your music. you go amanda!! happy birthday!
i don't know what gives me more joy - the fact that your birthday is the day before mine or that you rock a keytar better than anyone on the planet.  :) congrats on busting that goal to smithereens, fellow kickstarter!  (if you're so inclined, check out my campaign at www.kickstartshakespeare.com )
the riaa deserves to have its eyes pecked out by rabid crows.  go afp, go!
very sad not to see a chicago show listed, but very glad to see how much has already been pledged! just pledged and can't wait to get the album and artbook!
missed the evening with.... experience, couldn't miss out on this!!!
it looks like the goal will be doubled on the first day!! i love your music, you deserve it.
just pledged! love what your doing. creative freedom at last. stick it to the man
you have creative powers, unmatched by anyone that i have seen, best wishes and good luck! i shall spread the word by crowd sourcing the world! kudos to beating the labels!
happy fucking birthdaaay! :d i have pledged, and i shall spread the amanda love. good luck, and i hope the tours and art shows are a blast!
amanda, you are so beautiful and amazing. thank you for creating and being the media.
what i've heard is beautiful, and every second closer i am to hearing your new and what i can tell will already melt my heart music makes me suspend my breath with anticipation. it's only been a few hours and you've already inspired people across the globe to fund your dream. all we ask for in return is your art, which i'm very excited to see/hear and i'm glad i got to be a part in supporting this. happy birthday amanda palmer.
happy exiting the womb day gorgeous!! i pledged and shared- goal is going great, you deserve it!!
happy birthday amanda!! hope 36 is a wonderful year for you! i'm going to start saving tomorrow so i'll have enough for the summer mailbox invasion!
happy birthday amanda, happy birthday to the ground also. good luck with this, looking forward to hearing the songs outside of live performances.
happy birthday amanda! happy to support such a fantastic project. i had not heard of kickstarter (or signed up for twitter) when you and neil put together the "night with", so was not going to miss out on this fantastic opportunity to support you. much love and good wishes as you put the finishing touches on what will be an epic album. i can hear the record execs crying quietly into their pillows :)
i think you're going to break a few records with this! congrats and happy birthday.
happy birthday amanda! i can't wait to hear the new album, and hopefully see you back down under soon. all the love!
happy freakin' birthday, amanda! much love to you!
happy birthday dahhhlllinnnggg. <3
just pledged my $25 :) i'm in the uk, anyone know if we're gonna have to pay any tax when we receive it? i heard the threshold is £15 and this is slightly over in value. gonna try and find this out so i can brace myself for any stupid charges!
i love being able to fund projects like this and see people able to do what they love. i will be at the london show if i can get a ticket. and not forgetting, happy birthday :)
happy birthday amanda!  i love you so much! you help me remember that art is alive. will pledge more as soon as i get the money. you're worth it. stay beautiful. :)
happy birthday amanda, just a pleasure to help you conquer the world :)
happy birthday amanda! so glad you and the rest of tgto still know the importance of tangible things to hold and admire not just digital. and getting both in one package is even better. glad you guys have smashed your target in less than a day, so much fan-love! can't wait to hear the album in all its glory! :)
lizzie - at the end of the kickstarter pledge period you will receive a survey asking you for details on your order and what your presences are, which is where you will specify that you want the vinyl :)
happy birtday! and thank you for this birthday present. xd have the best day ever. well, the best dame ever so far. ;) may there be more more epic days to come!
@lizzie.. i just received an email confirmation of my pledge.. and it says that before shipping, they will send you a survey so you can choose your options.
you are the best person ever. you deserve this amazing success and i am proud to be a backer of this awesome project. this could change the future of music! happy birthday, amanda :d
happy birthday, amanda fucking palmer. you're a beast.
does anyone know how to request the vinyl option on the $125 option??? :( happy birthday amanda. you made my whole fucking year!
happy birthday amanda!!! refuckingspect!!!
so happy to have learned of this kickstarter endeavor!! happy birthday, afp!! <3
i first learned about kickstarter from your twitter feed more than a year ago. it's not only made me a more successful artist, but a more successful patron of others' art which is decidedly more important to me.i love it  thank you thank you thank you. r
happy birthday darlin'!  you're such an inspiration to me, and i'm so happy i could help out!
my first ever kickstarter - delighted to be part of helping you making wonderful art in all it's forms :)
ok, time for stretch goals! any chance of adding a pledge were we get all of the currently recorded songs? kind of a deluxe on top of the deluxe release.
i cannot wait for my nyc art bundle where i will hopefully get to hug you and thank you for all the beauty and strength you bring to me life/help me realize i bring to my own life.  happy birthday!!
happy birthday amanda, we love you!!!
portland/seattle: we're pooling for a afp house party. fb: http://ow.ly/abwzt shadowbox: http://ow.ly/abwcx. help us!
happy birthday, amanda! i'll see you in la, where i will look at art and say things like "yes, this one really captures that she is naked. art is good."
prague artists say hi to amanda fucking palmer, we're right behind your back, just take a look! <3 you are the best.
congratulations and happy birthday amanda!!! love you and your music!!! can't wait to hear the fruits of your labours!
blew past your goal out of the box - this is the future of music indeed! congrats on showing that it's not just pebble watches that can do it.
thanks for including a meaningful reward at the lowest pledge level. i just lost my job, so i can't afford a lot, but i wanted to put in something more than $1. if i get a job before the end of may, i'll be back for a better reward! :)
see you at the la art show :)
i'm so sad that i don't have thousands of dollars to spend so i can hang out with you, amanda. but i'm really glad that i finally have a hand in one of your projects, instead of hearing about it after the fact! also, somehow, the video for this project made you seem even more fantastic than previously. which i didn't think was possible. ................. love. <3
after the fantastic "an evening with..." experience, i am so excited to back this project, as well.  happy birthday, amanda, and i can't wait for the new music!
the hubby and i each got an nyc art show bundle, can't wait and super excited to help fund music direct from the artist! kick ass!
can't wait to hear more great new music from one of my all time favorite artists!
excited! yay! high hopes you'll come back to burlington, vt on tour! i was sadly ignorant of you when you were here last. happy promoting!
hey folks. i'm sorry the art show bundles don't include a +1. unfortunately the galleries are really small and we have safety/capacity concerns. but if this is a total dealbreaker for you or you have major concerns before pledging- email me at eric@amandapalmer.net and i will see what we can do.
so many options, it was hard to choose!! glad to support the fucking future of music (btw, the future is now). thank you for fostering art rather than hogging it and pretending you have to be part of the elite to create. love love love
excited and happy to be a backer. it feels so right to be able to support directly the artists i love and admire. thank you, amanda!
i really do enjoy refreshing and seeing the amount pledged go up every time :) i only wish amanda was coming to pittsburgh....*sigh*
this is amazing and awesome. ? i wonder how much will this get over the course of the month. perhaps this'll end up as most successful project...
happy new year of you, amanda!
and a happy fucking birthday. i got a kick at watching the numbers go up each time i refreshed the page. congrats
happy birthday amanda!  can't wait to see you again!
so fucking happy for you! glad i could help. ps having fun refreshing the page and seeing the number go up!
big thanks to all the fellow fans out there making this epic project come to life! from the $1+ group to the insanely generous individual that pledged a huge $10,000. !! happy b-day once again afp!!!!!!
so delighted for you and gto and for us all!  we are all winners with this well-earned and beautiful people-powered success!  now go and rock it like we know you can!
happy birthday amanda!
woot! congrats amanda, very happy i was part of bringing you to your goal on day 1!  looking forward to the album!! ps happy birthday, i am sure this was what you wanted most of all! :)
every time i refresh the page, the number goes up! :)
happy birthday, love from tesla's cardboard moustache...
this is an awesome idea/project/everything :)
new it wouldnt take long. cant come soon enough. happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday amanda happy birthday to you! (in my best singing voice)
you're now reading "how to raise 100k in less than 12h" by amanda fucking palmer
happy, happy birthday indeed :)
happy birthday amanda!
i can't wait for the album!  happy fucking birthday!
woohoo, happy birthday! \o/
congrats and happy fucking birthday, amanda!
the project went up $12k from others while i was making my own pledge. amazing!  can't wait to get the book. my wife and i are huge fans (remember that red kimono dress from halloween 2010?) and the art book will make an amazing birthday present for her.  happiest of birthing days to you!
cant wait for the projects release!
i really can't wait.  love this way of supporting things.  and, happy birthday!
almost there!
you're so close! so proud to be supporting you, your music, and this project! <3
i need to go on lunch but want to stay so so i can watch what happens when it hits $100k. decisions....
i guess it's safe to say this is a done deal already!! i backed and shared !! have an amazing birthday and thanks for being such amazing inspiration to so many....
very excited to hug and cuddle the new album
so excited for my vinyl! thank you for being you! you are so amazing!
thank you for tickling our souls through our ears :)
all you need to do is ask... :) nearly there! $91,167 (and counting) at this posting. happy birthday!
can't wait for the album ^____^ happy birthday!
i fvcking love you. and your keytar. can't wait to hear the album!!!
best money i ever spent. thank you for sharing your beauty and honesty :) blessed be and happy fucking birthday!!!!!!! xx
supporting this kickstarter because 1. it's amanda's birthday and 2. i want to hear twitter-sourced horn section. go amanda and gto go!
now i have to go: i have to rob a bank for those fucking $5000........ !!! happy birthday from italy!
been looking forward to this for weeks. yea!
i wish i had $5000 because i would love to have afp with whomever play at my wedding. because like my boyfriend said, $5000 is cheap for a wedding band. happy birthday afp. thank you for being an inspiration to me always!
easiest money i've ever spent.  have the happiest of birthdays!  can't wait to hear and see the final result.
i had a little money saved for no particular reason, and i have decided this was the reason. happy birthday from spain!
in ur internets, promotin ur art. (insert cat and/or pit art and/or cat pit art picture here)  happy smurfday. <3
you will have this project funded by the end of the day.  happy fucking birthday, amanda!
backed! more money than i could probably afford but so worth it! :d
happy birthday afp!
backed! my mum let me use her kickstarter to fund this xd. i'm alan/cosmicbushell, some autistic 16 year old who was really nervous around you in edinburgh a few months back. so pumped up for this! we are the media.
this might be the best kickstater video i've seen. so glad to support the project. happy birthday!!
can't wait to get the cd and oh how i wish i had a large amount more money! happy birthday amanda :)
so excited to be part of this! happy birthday, amanda! we love you! <3
backed! oh, and happy birthday amanda... (just a day after my own...)
hey everyone! thanks so much for backing so far! just to answer some of your questions: yes. just like the neil/amanda ks campaign last fall- the more money this campaign raises, the more effort we can put into making all the physical products amazing! interested in the $5000 house party? it's not necessarily difficult to raise the funds- read the faq we put up on the shadowbox, there are some ideas there for you for raising the funds. seattle, kuala lampur, city x- sorry we can't do the art show in your city- it was a touch call to make. but we'll see you later in the year on tour! -eric@amandapalmer.net
ok, you have my $1. found this a minute ago and made a pledge to get this no my list. pledge shall increase as more funds find their way into my pocket since i'm also backing other projects and buying diapers and baby clothes. don't tell the wife!
i've got you backed amanda! have a wonderful birthday!!!!
sad to see there is no seattle backer's party... but i forgive you. happy fucking birthday, amanda!
it's amazing to watch the numbers rise! you are loved! i am very excited for this!
backed! love the video! wish i was quite wealthy now.  i would throw much more money your way.  happy birthday, lovely lady!
i love what you do and how you do it, amanda, so fingers crossed for this project. ;)
backed! it warms my heart to see that you're already over 70% there!!! you're phenomenal and have been an inspiration to me since i was 14. 10 years later, i'm still in love with your music. i can't wait til september!
happy birthday amanda! i also never do this kind of thing, but it's you so...
i have never wished i had $5000 more than right now!
i never do this sort of thing, but your video inspired me. you have my support!
my birthday present for you will turn into your september present for me, who would say? the video is awesome, and the songs sound amazing. we are all as excited as you. thank you and happy birthday!! love.
afp- it's wonderful to see a new performance piece involving yourself! i loved the who killed amanda palmer album and book. this new project i'm sure will be another epic addition to your glorious history. on your first day your already at 60,586 as of the writing of this comment. i have no doubt you can make it! -cheers!
really pointless comment, but anne coburn, i love your comment haha. it's hilarious and i agree!
amanda fucking palmer, your video rules. good luck, and blow that goal up like a fort in a 1940s war drama. like wile e. coyote and a stick of dynamite.
only a few hours (?) and already over halfway there!  are we having fun yet?
hb, afp!
i missed out on the who killed amanda palmer book but this time i am gainfully employed and spending my hard earned cash well. fuck yes. can't wait to have the music and the book, too.  thanks so much, this is gonna be epic! ruth xx
could we get another backing level which includes both the cd and the vinyl?  i know it might seem a little odd, but i often like to have both.
"happy birthdayyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!".... love you so so much !
amanda, you're going to blow the doors off your fundraising goal and i can't wait to see what you do with it all. much love from your old stomping grounds, right around the corner from the middle east.
i can't wait! happy  birthday! this is the way to do it! (it's a pity that polish law is so friggin' rigid about local online donations - there are serious problems setting up a kickstarter-like website in this country). anyway - if you need a gig-opener at any part of the fabulous tour, i'm your man. gaba kulka
wish i could pledge more, but $50 is all i can miss. though i don't think you'll miss your goal because of this, what an incledible amount of money have you managed in half a day! hope to see you by the end of the year. but first... happy birthday! xx
i heart  amanda fucking palmer! come to chattanooga!!!!!!!
just watched it tick over the half way mark! :d how's that for a happy birthday. after a week of paying bungled telephone bills and car registrations, it feels wonderful to have an exciting, and most importantly deserving cause to put my money behind. i so hope we get there, and it looks like we will! love from tasmania.
done and done!  you should be fully backed by weeks' end!  congratulations!
can we safely assume that this will be like "an evening with...", in that the more past the goal, the more lovely everything will be? cause... it's halfway there, and it's not even been a day, and i think you're going to be just fine hitting that goal! x)
half way there in just one day. i can't wait to see how far this really goes - we truly are the media! :d
hey there amanda, greetings from istanbul. no matter what you do, i will be your backer :)))) ps: don't you have any plans to visit my city with your new great band ??? it is as colorful as yourself and i am sure you will love it. tons of love pelin pelinuner@gmail.com
my first backed project, this is truly a treat! can't wait for this to happen. happy birthday amanda!
backed :) that's how music should be made! happy birthday!
happy birthday amanda! yay for crowd-funding fucking awesome music!
love you too, amanda! now put some shoes on before you step on a rusty nail and get tetanus!
done! now i hope that you come back to spain soon! =)
this is so lovely. diy-ethics, art, music and a damn fine woman - what is not to love?! i cannot wait to hear the new songs in full. happy birthday afp. xx
thank you for giving the opportunity to support your music, which has given many a joyous gallop around our little home and big shower singing shows too. all the best.
the new songs sound very exciting! i <3 you very much amanda!
whats the first song on the promo? i want to hear it in full ! :)
beautiful promo video. well done guys!!!!
eeee! i always wanted to support you, and thankfully my student loan came in not too long ago :p i can't think of a better use for it! i hope it helps! you're amazing *^_^* xxxx
fuck yeaah
i can't wait!
this is incredibly exciting and inspirational, so proud to be a fan of yours, i can see a change a-coming in the music industry and it's gonna be a goodun. :d thank you. xxx
