@sabine - since it's been like a month, maybe contact help@the3doodler.com if they didn't reply to you
two questions: 1. i also ordered a jet pack, yet i still did not receive it. can you check on it, please? i really look forward to doodle on the go! the ooh's and aaah's around the thanksgiving-table were priceless (and then i was still limited by the power cord, mind you!) 2. are there any spare parts available? the cover that closes off the plastic-gripping thingy needs replacement. i switch colors often, which means plastic jams, which means taking it on and of frequently. there is a dent at one side, but so far it holds up nicely. i just don't want to end up non-doodling because a teensy weensy cover gave way... kind regards sabine van beek
vvv i meant to say "i copied one of their old messages, and they said this" but then i hit enter and it ended my comment.  lol
@all - as mentioned, please just email us at help@the3doodler.com and we are happy to get this taken care of for you
emailed them about my code issue and they sent me a response very quickly. they gave me an alternative code to use. decided to order a 100x strand pack and the doodlepad since i found it difficult to find a surface to print and peel my prints off of.
i had trouble using the code but emailed them and they got back to me within hours and made it work. :)
price is also showing full price even after i applied the code and it says code has been applied.
has anyone had trouble using their 50% off code? i have tried applying it during checkout, but the total continues to show as $99...
nope, didn't work, i'm going to try one last time and then message them directly, as this is just silly now.
erk, trying to get the deal page to work has been like drawing blood from stone! well i think i may have gotten it to work now, thanks to tero, though only time will tell, as i have not got a code yet...
i found out that the suffix of the file name must be in lower case and must be jpg, png or gif. the ipad image had .jpg suffix, and then it just complained you need to have one image, i.e., it ignored the image and did not give any error messages...
i got the code quite fast. but appears that have to wait till june for other colors...?
i was finally able to submit, but it says it will send an email within an hour. i tried submitting the form twice now, and have never received an email, even in spam.
ok, i am trying to submit picture using a apple product and it refuses to upload. will have to try in work tomorrow.
@mickie - either of you can upgrade the pens, as long as you have the information for them.  they can be submitted separately.
the upgrade sounds good.  my level had two pens.  i gave one as a gift (for my daughter). is it possible to to upgrade both pens for the special pricing?  can she do it or do i need to get the info from her?
@ richard and emma - like with all products, we are constantly improving based on user experiences and rigorous testing.  the 3doodler 2.0 marked a major improvement over its predecessor, and we believe the create is also a marked improvement over the 3doodler 2.0.  if you're still having issues with your 3doodler 2.0, please contact our support team at help@the3doodler.com.
i know there have been many issues with the 3doodler 2, i have been very frustrated with mine as it has never really worked properly. so i understand with the new 3doodler create launch you are attempting to put right such issues. however i am disappointed to have to spend yet more money so soon on an upgrade. i purchased the bling bling reward last campaign which wasn't cheap & now to get a 3doodler create that will supposedly work as our 3doodler 2's should have initially done, we have to spend yet more money :( not impressed....
so does the new '3doodler create' fix issues found in 2.0 such as pla filament extrusion problems, clogs, and weak nozzle joint? while i appreciate that you offered a discount on the new version, part of me wants to be assured that there aren't issues with the new version. another part of me wonders if 3doodler 2.0 was rushed with plans for create to resolve user issues found in the 2.0 design.
hi laurie,  we're really sorry to hear that!  i'm showing that we shipped you a replacement pen that we had tested, which would be why your replacement appeared used.  we also offered to reimburse your shipping costs for you, but we didn't hear back from you regarding that.  if you'll contact us at help@the3doodler.com, we're happy to replace your pen for you.
i saw these things for sale in a craft store. what a joke.  they haven't made good on providing me with an unused replacement for the first replacement.  the shipping is getting expensive and it's their issue that they are making the customers problem.  this experience has burned me on kickstarter.  i knew what the potential was.  but i didn't realize what a let down it could be.
@ammar, if you haven't already, please send us a message at help@the3doodler.com, and we will be glad to help out!
the nozzle of my 3doodler broke off , with the lower part still inside the pen. i'm unable to get it out , can you guys help me out.
@sabine - you should have received your jetpack by now.  if you send a message to help@the3doodler.com, we'll be happy to check into this, and get it re-sent if necessary.
i wondered... back in july i confirmed my address to receive my jetpack. after that, i ended up in hospital (sobstory on request) and forgot about since i was for other reasons bound to an outlet. now in 2016, things are looking up the 'being mobile' side so i wonder... where is my jetpack?
@alexis - our usual response time is within 48 hours, so if you emailed us a month ago, it is likely that your email didn't come through.  would you mind re-sending your message to help@the3doodler.com, and we'll get back to you shortly?
@creator my 3doodler has broken and i have emailed you almost a month ago with no response. i am very disappointed. if you could get back to me i would really appreciate it.
@big k - we're sorry to hear that you are still having issues with pla. if you'll contact us at help@the3doodler.com, we can get this sorted out for you.
woohoo my "replacement" pen still is useless with pla .. why did i even buy this thing ... i'm so frustrated. i want a refund. or at least light it on fire and video tape it for youtube. lol maybe enough people will watch it and i will slowly recoup my wasted money.
woohoo my "replacement" pen still is useless with pla .. why did i even buy this thing ... i'm so frustrated. i want a refund. or at least light it on fire and video tape it for youtube. lol maybe enough people will watch it and i will slowly recoup my wasted money.
@chris - we're sorry to hear that you've had trouble with your second 3doodler!  if you'll reach out to us at help@the3doodler.com, we'd be happy to help.
can we start a kickstarter to turn all the reject pens into some sort of art . i'm thinking a hand with the middle finger extended
10000 people bought garbage well done 3 doodler i saw this heap o shit for sale in toysrus times square some more disappointed people coming
i have never been so disappointed in a gift for my daughter stick with lego people
on our second 3doodler tip feel off the first second is a reject it always wants to go in reverse buttons do not do as stated . 11 year old daughter wants to buy another as this one is no good . have to take the service cover off and clear it every 2 minutes . i ain't spending more money on this heap of junk
thanks to evie and sean for making it right!
success. everything arrived today safe and sound. looking forward to seeing how it works.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@da wolf - we've also offered several times to fulfill your reward, and you continue to refuse; as such we are attempting to fulfill our obligation of sending your reward, and are not obligated to offer a refund.
kickstarter "when you back a project on kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator as described in our terms of use. this agreement requires creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. "
quote from evie received in email "...unfortunately we do not offer refunds for kickstarter backers. ..."
you are not alone. purchased a customized model. cost $300. provided all necessary information. nothing ever mailed. nothing ever received. total ripoff. avoid! contacting then they will tell you that their policy is no refunds on any products they sell. post reviews on amazon and other retailers that they sell through. let others know what a ripoff this is!
@all - like victoria mentioned below, the best way to get ahold of us is to email directly at help@the3doodler.com, and we'll be glad to get any issues you have taken care of.
i used my 3doodler once and the next time, it was clogged.  i have followed every direction given on unclogging it.  getting the cover back on was a nightmare but i finally did it.  still clogged.  this is the most frustrating (and expensive) art tool i've ever tried to us.  ready to just chuck it through a window!!  i'm sending it to my nephew, the engineer, with a note that says,  "if you can unclog this friggin' thing, you can have it!"   art is supposed to be fun.  this isn't.
you are not alone. purchased a customized model. cost $300. nothing ever mailed. nother ever received. total ripoff. avoid! post reviews on amazon and other retailers that they sell through. let others know what a ripoff this is!
no support! what is going on here. is everyone sleeping or on vacation? i called a dozen times and sent and email and no response. my 3doodler needs repair already. what should i do?
i think you have to go on their website and fill out a support ticket. i was able to get my pen replaced fairly quickly. i had to send it in and once it was received, they cite a 2 week turn around.
there are not answering anymore the support mail? there are many backers with broken pens, what we should write to?
victoria, i did a few days ago :) no response yet.
natasha, i would contact wobbleworks for a replacement so you are sure to get the correct one.  http://the3doodler.com/contact
can anyone tell me what kind of power adapter would work with the 3doodler? i find myself in need of a replacement. thanks!
bvac ventures - you are not alone. a number of people have received nothing.
so i finally received my package today. it has all the items, with an oddity of one 3doodler box having 7 packs of 25 strands and the other having 6. the pledge says 8x25, but not sure if that's total or for each pen. either way, i'm glad i got it after all this time. for those with similar struggles, i suggest opening a ticket on their support website (http://3doodler.kayako.com) or emailing them (cs@the3doodler.com). good luck!
i ordered the power doodler pack and still have not received it. i have sent them a message but now am reading a fair bit of negative comment here. should i be concerned. are there many more like me who have received nothing?
$275 to be listed on an electronic wall is a hugh ripoff and fraud!
grey snake - you are lucky. i gave them a street address. emailed several times and still nada, zip, nil.
thank you for the input, joan. i have contacted their support, and was informed that they will be shipping it (that was over a week ago, but they haven't given me a tracking number yet.) apparently, they originally decided they didn't like my home address cause it had a p.o. in it, and never shipped, nor informed me they had an issue with my address. hopefully this time around i will end up receiving it, though. (i hate complaining out here, but it seems it's the way to catch their attention. so my apology goes to any who are bothered by it.)
an idea very good to share... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/vivienmuller/ulo
grey snake: i think you should check your statements to make sure they allowed the purchase through; my bank, on it's own initiative rejected the first kickstarter backing i ever made! if it did go through, i would go right to the 3doodler website because i think you are very unusual-the two people i know who invested got their's before me, but i received mine in a timely fashion!!
so am i missing something here, cause i haven't received any part of my double power doodler set. all i get are promotional emails that are nigh on spam, and see them marketing and selling their products in stores while i wait. i have filled the survey many months ago, but still no news or updates on delivery dates or explanations for what's going on and what to expect. should i give up and consider this a naive loss and a failed investment?
@wobbleworks llc managed to resolved in the issue, when making payment need to pay thru paypal, order made and items received. earlier than expecting time.
no pen, no jet pack, no add ons. no replies to mutiple emails to customer service. avoid this company!
if you happen to dislodge the little metal cleaning tip in the pen dont take apart,  let cool down and insert filament and re warm and push slightly it wont extrude, thats not the point. you want the metal stuck to the end of the filament when it cools.  most problems can be fixed by cleaning before abs/pla switch and cooling and reheating. it may take a while but most clogs come from material switch. different melting points of plastics. be aware of set screw fine tuning is important
just got the jet pack, havent tested it on 3doodler yet, but there is a design problem with the cable clip on the side of the holder: it is so sharp that it cut the insulation of the wire when i tried to pull the wire out....
i just got my jet pack but no matter how long i charge it it will not hold a charge. it seems like it works for 3min then dies. please help!
i try to order items on the website when checking out for payment, the secured webpage it not allowing me to make purchase of the items marked. kindly assist to look into this issue as soon as possible. @wobbleworks llc
well done, i have received jet pack with freebie of abs "meta" mixed pack today.
a book is only useful for those have received their pen. bling bling reward here who has received no merchandise. email customer serive and no reply. total rip off!
book is not really free. $12 for shipping... really? a free pdf for backers would have been a nice touch. still no jet pack, and a broken pen that hasn't worked correctly since first receiving it (doesn't work at all now). customer service always responds promptly and courteously when i email, but i still have a broken pen. what a bummer. :(
@ chris bowden: i had to laugh when i watched your unboxing video just now.... i too came home with bananas and my jet pack.
yay! i got my jet pack last night. i can't wait to try it out.
yay! jetpack arrived! https://youtu.be/he-hruj1gmc still to give it a good work out.
seems like the department handling the website is off for a super long holiday and there is not a single reply ...
i have just tried to benefit from your gift of the book. unfortunately, despite trying 3 times to complete the purchase, the system fails at the final stage as the payment screen for the card details doesn't appear. this is frustrating and time consuming. i am trying to do this on an ipad after following the kickstarter links from the comments page.
@jenni, i would email customer service to ask for help, and i assume at this point you have probably already done so.  help@the3doodler.com  also, make sure that the plastic is really pushed in when you try to extrude.  pushing a little extra and turning clockwise can get it to start flowing on its own, there could be a bit of plastic stuck in there already, i believe they test the pens with plastic before shipping to make sure they work, there was clear plastic in my pen when i first got it.  turning up the temperature with the screwdriver has also proved useful to me.  the maintenance hatch can be removed... on mine it was very difficult to remove the first time,  it seemed stuck.  i'm guessing that some plastic flashing was holding it in tighter than it should have been, because once i got it off the first time and the flashing came off, it has been very easy to access ever since.  there was also no give on mine pressing on the cover, that didn't seem necessary actually, just getting the little metal piece to slide out with enough force did the trick for me.  i was nervous about breaking the pen i had to press so hard.  i also find it handy to switch to a larger nozzle if you have the nozzel set, or remove the nozzle (make sure the pen is on and hot when you remove it so you don't break it off!) to help force the jam through.  good luck!
i don't want to be rude, but the plethora of negative comments on here is really sad.  1) i agree, a pdf of the book would be great, and i wish that had been thought of before offering a paper copy for free to everyone, it would presumably cost the company a lot less money, and prevent many negative comments.  2) a free book is not a part of the kickstarter reward.  at no point was anyone promiced a free book before they pledged.  the book is being offered to backers because wobbleworks is being nice.  don't bite the hand that feeds you by demanding more free stuff because you aren't satisfied with the free stuff already offered.  if you don't want to pay for shipping, you don't have to get the book, it is that simple.
same here mick. i did email about it but as usual, no reply ?
oh what i brought the book last week and now you tell us it's for free. damn
i want to order the book, but i can't pay with credit card......
i tried to make payment for the shipment but the page shows error. kindly assist to look into this and further advise what can be done.
adjusting setscrew for fine tuning temps helps. some colors melt better at slightly higher temps
why don't do an ebook... shipping would be free! even from oversea, 20$ is a complete ripoff...
all the credit card options to order the book redirect to paypal.
@all - we're sorry for the confusion - like the pens and plastic, the books are shipping from overseas as well, which is why the shipping charge is what it is.
the network does not work for pay.
checkout takes you to a bad url, http://www.3doodler.com/community i agree with the rest, send out some plastic or something. $12 fee for shipping a book that only costs $4 via media mail is lame.
i think to compensate for the extremely high shipping rate for a free book everyone should get a free package of plastic or two. 12 bucks is absurd.
i agree with david. $12.00 for shipping a book seems very high. especially considering postal rates for media mail, which is what you should be using if you are not. retail rates for media mail start at $2.72 for the 1st pound, and add $0.50 per pound after that. i'm guessing this book weighs only about 2-3 pounds, since a 1300 page vendor catalog i have weighs in at 3.6 pounds. so, media mail would be $3.72 for a 3 pound book, and this "free book" is $12.00 in shipping. honestly, i loved the first 3d doodler, and we are enjoy the 2 3d doodler 2.0 that we got, but maybe this free book should be made available in .pdf for free as well.
thanks for the offer of the free book. i ordered, but i gotta tell ya, $12 shipping for a paperbound book is simply absurd.  also, after paying on paypal, it redirects you to an apparently invalid page: http://www.3doodler.com/community
yehoshua, apparently it's for a pen and book. you must buy the pen to get the free book. i didn't see the note either because it's written in tiny, very light print. 3doodler told me on twitter that all ks backers will get a coupon soon.
just received this coupon for a free book?, code doesn't seem to work, says it is invalid.
@lance turner 3dsimo have another campaign going right now.
i still haven't received any part of my 3doodler 2.0 order. trying to communicate via email hasn't worked. so i make my complaint public.
haven't used my 3doodler much, but did find that it's not quite as polished as i thought it would be, and seems quite a few people have recieved faulty units, which doesn't bode well for longevity of the device. having seen the 3dsimo mini here on ks i have to say i wish i had known that was coming, would have waited for it.
i finally opened the pen i got months ago. it turns on ok it seems. but when i fed the filament in, nothing will come out. i tried turning the filament clockwise to make sure it gripped. still nothing when i press the button. i wanted to follow the instructions to troubleshoot in the manual, and proceeded to try to take out the middle bar to see if there was a jam. the bar refused to come out. i pressed down on the tip of the cover, but there was really no give or anything to push down. is this something wrong with my pen? or user error? if needed i can make a video to demonstrate the problem.
is there any update on when we will receive our education bundle?
got a replacement pen in the mail today for my daughter . this one seems to have problems also the buttons do not do what the instructions say they should on this one as soon as you touch a button it just continues then randomly stops it also goes in reverse every now an then .  it's noisy as hell worst $150 dollar i have ever spent  should have got a chinese copy for half the price this thing is a waste of space
@francesco, kenji and others:  we've submitted jetpack addresses to our shipping partner, who has begun packing up jetpacks.  the jetpacks will begin shipping shortly, so it shouldn't be too much longer now.  we thank you for your patience, and have been enjoying seeing your creations on facebook and twitter!
i have replied on my mailing address of the jet pack but till date nothing was received? can someone kindly look into this thanks.
still waiting for the jet pack :.....
i have still not received either my email to update my shipping address nor my actual jet packs.  can someone please look into that for me? thanks.
since i can't post pictures here, this is my blog post review of the pen, with photos of stuff i've recently doodled with all three kinds of plastic.  (several english pendant ocarinas using a mix of abs and pla and a flexy spider!)  fellow doodlers who have been struggling with pla, this might help.  if not or some other trick helped you more, i'd love to hear what it was so i can doodle more efficiently too!  http://www.carriemichael.blogspot.com/2015/08/my-3doodler-20-review.html
ok thanks - it's just that harrison was following up for us and was happy that things had been resolved so we didn't know what happened. sounded like they had all been shipped.
@michal - as indicated in your pledge level, you receive both an individual pen with accessories, as well as the educational bundle. what you've received is the first part of that, and the bundle will be shipping in the next week or so. we're sorry for the confusion.
so we were very excited to be told our education bundle was on its way. we received our package today and we received 1 doodler and a couple of accessories. that really isn't close to what we were promised so can someone sort this out.
email help@the3doodler.com and they can get you sorted.  :)
i gave the pen i received to my daughter for her 11th birthday on friday she called out to me an hour later as the nozzle has broken off ? she is very upset as it was her main present .how can i get this repaired ? please advise
and yes, i have email multiple times without a response.
it is nice for those that received their reward and have problems or pens that do not work. for myself i have not received a reward (bling bling reward) so i do not even have an option to scrap for parts the pen. ;-(
richard, yes i've had some rotten luck with this version of the pen as have others. but at least this current one i have sort of works...when it wants to. lol. as frustrating as it is the people who have a working pen seem to be very happy with it. those that have had issues with their pens seem to have had multiple issues and it seems to be a very consistent issue. perhaps it will be worked out more in the next few months. maybe i'll buy a pen then and give it another go. but you have the pen in hand. i'd say give it a go! you might have better luck than some of us. don't let it go to waste without trying it first. if you get a great working pen there's no limit to what you can create with this. i love my version 1 pen. i built a 3 foot tall replica of the sears tower with it. which i still have yet to finish!
so finally some positive responses and comments, that is reassuring. i would really like to know the numbers of good vs bad though. @bgfilly my friend you have had a disaster of a time with this venture, probably one of the reasons i hate to open it up and look. i'll wait till my jet pack gets here...then i can take my pen and go out in the middle of the woods and give it a go, no one will hear me cuss and swear and screaming vulgarity out in the woods. i have to agree with most here that for the most part the comment section has been in reality the complaint department, and i haven't seen 10,000 plus complaints so there has to be a high percentage that are working or someone isn't complaining here. i'll let you know how things go.
richard, i don't know if it affects your thoughts, but i had (almost) no trouble with my pen!  i broke the nozzle off like a few people have done (totally my fault for not reading the instructions...).  but when i contacted them, they were super helpful.  like, i had a new pen in hand a week later, and while i paid ~$3 to ship it in, they sent me a full pack's worth of plastic in compensation, and i was up and running again.  no issues with pla for me either, so maybe it's just a small number of them that have the issue, and we only hear about those?  i mean, there's one comment for every five backers right?  i only came back to check on the jetpacks, but otherwise didn't think to comment, since mine worked just fine.
i started working on a pla project today.  i prefer pla for environmental reasons, and i also like the colors.  previously i'd only used flexy and abs with the 2.0.  the flexy and abs worked as advertised, and far better with the 2.0 than the first version.  i am experiencing the same issues others complain about with the pla however.  i am extruding on constant flow at the fast speed, and can get through 1/2 to 1 strand before the pen jams.  once jamed, i am removing the nozzle and either unclogging with a straightened paper clip carefully inserted into the heated end, or by switching the heat to abs, clicking on the continual fast feed, and pushing the clog through with another piece of plastic from the back.  i tried to remove the maintenance cover with no luck, it is stuck on.  once the jam is fixed i can continue to doodle another average 3/4 strand at a consistent speed before jamming again.  i still prefer pla plastic, but doodling with it is frustrating.
i had high hopes for this pen.   the pen immediately had problems with either the heating element or feed.  the plastic wouldn't flow and the crackling with smoke was worrisome. i received a quick response from amanda in customer service.  i sent the pen back.  i quickly received a replacement.  although it was well packed, parts of the pen were separated from the pen.  the edges where different pen pieces  met were ragged as if they had been pried or were just defective.  the maintenance cover was missing.  once again i received a quick response from amanda once again asking me to send it in for another replacement. i asked that she provide a return address label as i wasn't interested in paying for shipping yet again.  her response was that the "couldn't".  of course they can.  what she meant was that she wouldn't.   but she was willing to send me more plastic for the trouble.   i don't need more plastic that i can't use.  i need a pen that works and is in 1 price. i knew the risk i was taking supporting a kickstarter project.  i just didn't think they would risk supporter goodwill with stingy customer service.  waste of money.  the product wasn't quite ready for prime time.
richard i would say mine works okay.  i do not see much difference in the two speeds. i have had a few issues with the pla, but i like the colors better. so i  plan to keep using the pla. i have been tied up with work projects, so have not been able to work with the 3doodler for a while. i am hoping to get back to it soon.
i love mine.  it works a lot better than the first pen, i bought two of the first version and one of the second.  i can't imagine not trying it based on other people's bad reviews.  unhappy people are always louder than happy ones.  for trying it the first time, use abs.  i just ordered a bunch of plastic using the coupon code!  i wish they had better stock on plastic knowing people would order a bunch, several colors i was trying to order disappeared from my cart during checkout, but i did get almost every color i don't already own.  also my shipping address (state) was altered after i typed it in correctly, but i expect that will be caught before shipping since i emailed and the correct address was used through paypal.  i'm excited about getting more colors and doodling some more :)
@richard. the only way to know if you will have luck with yours is to open the box and play with it. some people haven't had issues at all. others have had issues with multiple pens. i say open yours up, tinker with it and see how it goes. maybe you'll be one of the lucky ones with an awesome working pen.
ok i guess i have to ask. i keep seeing some really great art work being created by i assume is with the 3doodler 2.0? if there has been so many problems with the 2.0 then how are they creating these pieces of art? i would like to know what the amount is of those having trouble and the amount that was delivered. sometimes in mass production there will be a percentage of failures, but i can't see some people having trouble with 3 or more? i'm not saying that the painful stories of product failure are untrue, what i am saying is, is it worth me even to open the box? i have to believe that there is enough problems with the 2.0 to deserve a recall, even the store bought products are having an issue as seen by the many comments here. i don't support the idea that there are just a simple few who have had bad 2.0 pens when at least two i know of had 4 or more pens replaced and or paid for in a store fail. that is not a coincidence that's a downright failure to quality control, and taking action on why the product is failing. oh well just venting on behalf of all the folks that have been taken advantage of, i feel if i don't open the box and just leave it packed as it arrived i can put it in a time capsule for a future generation to see how not to mass produce a product and to take advantage of people supporting a company with over 1.5 million dollars donated. by not opening the box i will at least keep my stress level down, and my sanity intact.
mine is working great! i never pulled it out and works great keeping the papers on my desk from blowing away in the wind. just think any day now i will be able to take it with me with the awesome jet pack i purchased in the beginning. i'm not gonna even bother breaking the seal on the stupid thing, i don't need another thing to stress me out.
got both of mine with shipping over $300.... so for $150 each although i have yet to use and am now scared to give as gifts with all the comments. ... worse so is that michaels is now selling them eeekk. ...and really there is no savings or anything special about these other than i got them a few weeks before michaels started selling them and if they let you use their coupons... then i am severely screwed with the amount of money i spent backing ughhh... first kickstarter that i feel wasn't worth it ; (
yeah, i ordered mine back in 1/27/2015 (that when the order cleared my bank account) and i still haven't received mine yet.  when should i expect mine?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
at least you have received yours.
lesia, i too went through 4 pens. tho i never went to the store to buy one. i dealt with wobbleworks and kept exchanging the pen. the final one they sent me worked well for a while then started giving me the same issues with flow problems. then the maintenance cover snapped in half. 6 bucks for two replacement covers but the pen is still a pain in the butt to work with. if i want to use the pen for more than 5-10 minutes i can't and in those 5-10 minutes i have to clean out a jam at least 3 or 4 times. i've gone back to using my original 1.0 pens again. as those were great. i tossed the 2.0 in a drawer to collect dust as it's pretty much useless. i do commend wobbleworks for at least attempting to make the situation right. they will still have my support if they should ever put out a new pen because my first gen pens are awesome. i truly had high hopes for this one   but the pen as it is, is complete junk.
this was a waist of money doesn't even work
i was an original backer of the 3doodler 2.0. when my first pen arrived i was soooo excited after waiting for so long. around the second day of using the pen, the nozzle broke off. i sent it back in and received a replacement - process was fairly easy. the replacement pen would spurt out a little plastic then the motor would just run. i cleaned it out, i replace the maintenance cover, i followed every step religiously. it just never worked. i wanted it to work so badly that i sucked it up and bought one from brookstone.com. again, super stoked to get it. after using it for a couple of days, same thing happened again. i fussed with it for days to get it to work. now, i had two non-working pens. finally, i went to brookstone in my mall and bought another one. got home, it was flowing perfectly....about 4-5 days went by then bam this one breaks too. i bought 4 3doodlers 2.0 and not one of them worked. i am bummed because this is a totally awesome product and i wanted it to work so bad that i spent $300+ and gave it several chances. i returned the two purchased at brookstone and was luckily reimbursed. the brookstone clerk told me he had 5 returned in the last two days. i still have the broken replacement pen......
@aw try loading the stick, then turn it on high speed continuousflow.  give the stick a gentle nudge and clockwise twist. it takes a while for the strand to start extruding, i watch the stand to see it lowering. if it's moving just let it do it's thing.  hope that helps.
can anyone share tips on getting the strands to feed properly?  i can't get any of the strands to feed.  2 doodlers and i still haven't been able to get the darn strands to feed properly.  i expected to just stick it in and go, and didn't want to spend too much time fiddling with it, or worse breaking something.
i hope pla starts working in my pen one day ... biggest piece of junk i have ever owned with useless customer support
i hope the jetpacks get sent out soon!
any update on when the 20% off code will be available?
still no education pack - can you please update...
still no jetppack...any ideas on why?
no coupon yet here either... i assume it will be attached to another update any day now.  waiting patiently, i want to get more flexy plastic.  :)
did any one get their 20% off coupon code? in update no. 15 (at the very bottom of the update) they said that they would give us a 20% off coupon code in a couple weeks and i have not yet received one.
@all - we'd like to remind everyone that the best way to contact us is through help@the3doodler.com, as while we are trying to check the messages and comments regularly (and reply to them when we do), these methods can be missed.
wow!  i see so many great examples of 3doodler from others. so the challenge is on me to slowly and steadily get better with working in this medium. i find flexy strands suit my "beginner" level at this point.
how come people don't realize they are not shopping in a retail store.....backing something on kickstarter is just like putting money in the stock market......
new slogan suggestions for for wobbleworks to use... 3doodler 2.0, the world's first and best 3d printing pen - makes a great "3d" paperweight/dust collector/doorstop. 3doodler 2.0 - think it sucks? wait 'til you use it, then you'll know! 3doodler 2.0 - the concept is better than anything you'll realize. 3doodler 2.0 - crushing your dreams in 3 dimensions 3doodler 2.0 - do not try this at home! seriously, i've relegated my 3doodler to repairing / strengthening / adding details to articles i've printed on my full-size 3d printers. that's about all it is good for, in my opinion - extruding more than 30 seconds becomes an exercise in patience due to the filament feed and cleaning issues.
pla - avoid at all costs with this pen. all it does is gum up my 3doodlers and it takes forever to get cleaned out. abs is (currently) the way to go. i'd love to get hold of some 3mm petg to try in this since that material seems like it would be a match made in heaven for this pen.
after waiting for 5 months on my doodler since the launch they have the audacity to send me a dud and unfunctioning $99 peice of cheep construction and plastic. the pen does not extrude and no matter the email i send they respond with how to fix it or send it in for repairs. if.  send it in for repairs i might not get it back till november with the luck i'm having. you expect with 1.5 million dollars in help they would have decent customer support i guess money does not get you everything, that includes a functioning doodler.
i backed the 300$ gold edition and it ''worked'' almost only the first strand of plastic, i was never able to complete anything correctly, after 3-4 hours of struggling, i can say its capturing dust in my basement. i have some friends that its not working neither...
natasha, i waited about 2 weeks for my ticket to be answered about plastic shipping to the wrong place, and my ticket was at highest priority. i think i got lucky with my pen, it have not had a single issue other than the plastic stopped feeding but that that was fixed with inserting the cleaning tool.
natasha, are you sure it's glued on? i had an extremely difficult time getting mine off and it was not glued on just stuck. i used a paperclip to push the little metal piece that holds it onto the pen out and after some gentle pushing it came out and i wiggled the cover off gently and it came right off.
so it's now july and i haven't been able to use my 3doodler since may because the maintenence cover is glued on. no one has responded to my tickets.
oops, reading the manual that should say!  http://the3doodler.com/manuals/
evan, i found reading the mamial and watching this video helped us swap our maintenance cover with the extra one provided. https://m.youtube.com/watch… i wish you success getting it back on!
nozzle keeps jamming, which then jams the inside of the pen. maintenance cover refuses to go back on, that curved metal bar was an awful design. very frustrated right now wobbleworks.
i need some assistance. i tried pla for the first time today and it was a disaster. it would not melt well, not even with the pen set to high. i had to remove the maintenance hatch and untangle the plastic from the gear shaft. my pen is not extruding abs now, and i found out that the nozzle is clogged with the pla. i have heated it up and removed it several times to stick a pin through, but i can't get it all out and it won't extrude with any left in the nozzle.  any tips on clearing out the nozzle? any tips on using pla?
i think i have experience every possible problem so far. this time it is the extruding speed. the pen is simply not feeding the strand properly. i can get the pen to extrude if i keep pushing the end of the strand with my thumb, which is obviously not a practical solution. i have replaced the maintenace cover tried every possible combination and it is now clear to me that the problem is exactly this maintenance cover. the whole area has now slightly deformed and the cover simply does not apply enough pressure for the strand to grip on the thread. there is a youtube video that describes the same problem and i wonder if anyone has found a solution. it is a real pitty of how easy it is for this pen to stop functioning properly.
took fully 2 months to arrive, sent from hong kong to scotland. guess it went by ship, but seems a mean way to send, when air post would have gotten the pen to us in a week. just trying it out now.
moshe, i had a similar issue. i used the instructions in the manual along with the videos from wobbleworks to replace the maintenance cover with the extra cover,  others reported that this fixed their feeding issue. it fixed feeding our issue, too!  i found the print instructions are more precise on the r act steps but then the video instructions complete the how to on changing the maintenance hatch cover. links to both: http://the3doodler.com/manuals/. and video:  https://m.youtube.com/watch…   contact 3doodler through the kickstarter message system, as needed. they may suggest other steps.
after long wait we go the 3doodler 2.0. however the flow is not consistent. there is a "good healthy" flow for about 20-30 seconds and at that point the flow rate decrease up to a complete halt. at this point if will flow only if the strand is pushed by hand and even in this case not so well. if you follow the "clearing jam" process that include opening the small hatch it will go back to a normal slow - but again only for the 20-30 seconds .... what can be done?
skynet delivered my parcel yesterday. i forgot about it and expected a remainder by email or phone. nothing - out of sight out of mind.  then a knock on my door and parcel handed over. no customs or any other payment demanded. it remains to be seen whether or not i would get a bill from them.
i did not pay skynet their tax on the parcel but they have delivered it anyway. admittedly several months later. all i need to do is fry and use!!!
aaron .. i don't think it is you, the product was released way too soon. it is unusable in the current state they have shipped it! the abs works at a 6.5/10 i would say and the pla works at anywhere from a 0/10 -> 1.5/10 rating .. the current version is complete garbage .. which is a shame because this had immense amounts of potential. and to make matters worse .. they are really not taking the heat like they should and offering people refunds / a credit for when they launch the 3doodler 2.1 in proper working order , etc extremely disappointed !! and their canadian "rep" i am even more disappointed in ... sorry 3doodler .. missed the mark by a long shot
anyone still waiting on pen, pedal and nozzle set besides me?
mark, jetpacks are set to ship in july. they have emailed and commented on this many, many times.
@mark roback, is this the first time you have checked the comments? the company has stated several times the jet pack would be shipped later. so if you have a legitimate complaint, complain away. if you are waiting on the jet pack, not yet time to complain.
oh i see others have had this issue! guess they plan to screw everyone!
i backed this project and ordered the 200.00 pack with the jet pack and we got our pen but no jet pack. i have emailed a dozen times with no response other than we will get back to you! i am not happy and i plan to let everyone know about it! this company sucks!
last contact where shipping address confirmation was provided was april 21, 2015.
has anyone received a jetpack? i am still awaiting my entire pledge reward.
is it possible to return my pen and get a refund. i tried it once, maybe i'm just not talented, but i can't get anything to work or look like i want. if you won't accept returns i have a good edition for sale. please let me know. i've never been disappointed with a kickstarter purchase until now. i feel the build quality is great, it just doesn't agree with me.
yeah my maintenance hatch was glued on. i can't get it to budge and so can't fix my doodler. i made a ticket a few weeks ago and haven't gotten a response.
finally the pen arrived in the city i live, but still i haven't got it because you guys wrote the address i provided wrong! dhl called to asked me to change the address. why i have to spent time on filling the document because of your fault? what's worse, i've been told that i  have to pay almost $35 customs clearance fee, while the price of the pen is $99. that's unreasonable. so i need you to make it right now and give me an explanation or i don't want it
rosey, the bonus stand comes in two parts. so you will have four slots for plastic so it's most likely part of that stand. can you post a picture?
bgfilly, thanks, but i'm sure the black piece isn't an extra cover. i forgot to mention that it approximately 6"x3.5"x1". is that perhaps the extra stand?
rosey the black piece could also be the cap to the additional holder you cap off the bottom of it.
rosey, the stands you received are the stand for the 3doodler pen as well as plastic and then a bonus plastic holder that everyone received as a peek. the plastic piece sounds like the spare maintenance cover.
my 3doodler accessorize system finally arrived after being held hostage for 4 weeks by uk customs. they are totally the responsible party in the delay of delivery. now for my questions. 1) on my order form, there are two stands listed and one in my package. would you please explain since i was expecting only one? 2) there is a piece in the pen box that is not identified anywhere and i can't figure out its use. it is black, has a cap on one end, has two round cavities, and separates into two equal sections. i'm looking forward to creating many fun and some useful things with my new toy!
sadly, my pen got lost in transit - 3doodler tell me it has been 'held up' in customs but it has now been in the uk for 36 days and counting.   in 20 years of business importing goods, i have never seen something that has taken that long to clear customers - especially when everyone else seems to have received theirs, so the explanation from 3doodler is a flat out lie. what bothers me is that 3doodler are hiding behind kickstarter t&c and refused to refund. i will be very careful about supporting a project like this again. i could actually go to my local store today and buy one of these pens which is quite galling having supported this project. what is more galling is the lack of care i have witnessed from 3doodler.   :( never again.
@osama the jetsetter battery pack is being shipped separately... all shipping charges paid by wobbleworks. i think they are currently scheduled to ship in july
hi,  i packed the project and ordered the following: jetsetter: 3doodle on the go!  + 1 new 3doodler 2.0 pen  + 4 packs of 25 strands of plastic  + 1 jetpack  + a hall of fame mention  limit of 1 per backer. estimated delivery  apr 2015  i paid amount of $182.00 usd and $32 for the shipping to  united arab emirates  i have an issue as i received the above items but didn't get jetpack within the package  could you please investigate this issue and let me know regards,
creator and wobbleworks team - i'm now not getting any reply from sending direct messages via kickstarter, so i'm posting here to try again to get things resolved with my v2 pen delivery. if you have so few people still awaiting delivery, can you please give me an update on my delivery situation. have you managed to finally contact the delivery company? i still have had no contact other than the information provided via kickstarter messages. you have all my contact details, please can you arrange for someone at the uk delivery hub / uk distributor to contact me. as you know i have been trying very hard to get my kickstarter reward, including meeting up with the 3doodler team at the recent london 3d printshow, where again i met with the us team and the uk distributor, i was promised again that this would be investigated and sorted out. i still have not had my v2 pen or now any further contact despite my messages. survey completed correctly on march 17th - backer number #1007 first contacted you via kickstarter on april 29th i needed the pen to complete a magazine review for the 10th may, you said that should be possible. that didn't happen. 9 further messages and a personal visit to the 3d printshow to try and resolve this. still no further forward. i'm getting very disappointed now, please turn this around and make me again a 3doodler fan, you have the power to resolve this quickly. best regards, richard.
@david codfish...that should read not let it go.....i would make the shipping company find the package or.reimburse me for the lost package
@bgfilly, i am simply going by the number of people complaining about it here as well as what wobbleworks stated......and lacking any evidence to the contrary, it would seem improper to just jump to conclusion that the problem is widespread.  now that being said...i have completely disassembled my pen to satisfy my curiosity about the various problems that people have been having. i don't see any design problems.  the hot end is solid and the plastic drive system is geared with a keyed shaft so it can not slip or stall.
@david codfish from what you have posted, wobbleworks sent the merchandise to you.  if they have provided you with a tracking number, then you need to follow up with the shipping company since you say it shows that the package was lost a month ago.  i certainly would just let that go if it were me.....no matter what the cost
michael rew, how do you know it's only 1%? no numbers were actually given. a small percentage doesn't mean squat. i've replaced my pen 4 times. the first two issues were quality issues. i.e the on off switch stopped working and the second pen was damaged while being sent to me. the third pen had the pla issue which ultimate no matter what trick i tried resulted in the pen not working. now this 4th pen has the same pla issue granted it's still working but it's defiantly an issue. and if hon read reviews outside of this comment section they even have issues with pla. now go back and read my comments and you know that i'm an avid supporter of wobble works. they've been good to me. but i too believe that this is a much wider issue than is being said.
@michael rew, i'm upset about wobbleworks who are the ones i've paid. they should be answering me and not other companies. if they work with a company they should not be working with, it's not my fault. but as you said elsewhere - unfortunately, no one owes me anything.... just a shame the lesson costs so much
still haven't received my pen and no message replied!!!
genius - when you make statements about a product having a widespread problem based on statements made by less than 1% of users
@david codfish...it sounds like it is the shipper that you should be upset with.....they are the ones who lost it
i think this will be my last complaint abou this awful experience. you win. after back and forth on customer support there is still no sign for my pen which was shipped some 5-6 weeks ago. customer support says it arrived (!) while i have not received it and the tracking info shows it was lost somewhere on may 13 (last time the package location was known).  i've was robbed $240 and there is no one to blame but myself. no one is taking any responsibility. not kickstarter and not the 3doodler guys. all i can do is warn the rest of you out there.
hello i'm disappointed in your product.did not work only audible noise and almost does not go plastic.the product is defective .what to do to be replaced with a working.                                                                                  regards.
i haven't received my pen. i have given my address multiple times both on here in email n by phone.  i'm not sure what the problem is.
the pla issue is not a few people .. it is widespread ... people are having issues with their 2nd / 3rd / etc replacement pen .. something needs to be done !!  i want a refund until the issues have been addressed
not impressed .. maybe get rid of your "canadian repair hub" and get us some real customer service
dear backers you’re long overdue an update! we’ve been a little quiet on the comment wall, but please understand this is because we’ve been handling almost all backer queries 1-to-1 via the messaging system or help@the3doodler.com. the wall is a fantastic place for sharing tips, tricks, and of course your creations, but by it’s very nature, comments drop down and can get lost. the best way to reach us if you have a problem, something to share with us, or just want to chat, is through the ks messaging system or help@the3doodler.com. we’re here for you all! so now for the updates! we’ll be covering the following: > jetpack timing > edu bundle timing > troubleshooting for the 3doodler 2.0 with pla strands > the 175 backers who don't have pens… > a special ks treat coming soon > 3doodler 2.0 creations! 1. jetpack timing as you all know, in april we announced that the jetpack would be delayed due to the rigorous compliance testing we subjected it to. well we have some good news. jetpacks will be sent to all jetpack backers by late june/early july. as previously mentioned we’ll be covering the full cost of shipping and sending all units ddp (duties paid) so that nobody gets a double hit on taxes or duties. we can’t wait to see you doodle while out and about with your jetpack! 2. edu bundles with the jetpack being an integral part of the edu bundles, these are also slated to ship towards the end of june and early july (unless you specifically requested yours later). the bundles are looking awesome, and we have worked really hard on packaging these in a way that suits your classroom, library, or makerspace. the edu bundle is split into four carry cases, with pens and basic accessories in one; doodlestands in the second; power adaptors in the third; and 1,200 strands of plastic (including the new flexy) packed into the fourth. we’ll be sharing images of the edu bundle with you soon, so stay tuned. 3. troubleshooting for the 3doodler 2.0 with pla strands unfortunately some backers have been experiencing issues using pla plastic with the 3doodler 2.0. as anyone in 3d printing knows, pla can be a lot more temperamental than abs. while overall this appears to have affected a small number of backers, we are taking the issue very seriously and have been working you one on one over the messaging system, email and skype to solve your issues. in most cases some simple troubleshoots have done the trick. a number of these have been posted on the comment wall by backers, and include: > twisting the stick slowly clockwise, while pushing it into the gears, to get the plastic moving again. > replacing the maintenance cover with the spare one in the box. in most cases this has improved the grip on the plastic. > running the pen on slow at hi heat, or alternatively turning the heat adjuster up with the mini screwdriver on the lo heat setting. > inserting a piece of wire (or unfolded paperclip) into the nozzle end of the pen to clean it out should a jam arise. > removing the plastic and snipping off any rough ends or edges; and cleaning the pen out before inserting a new stick. if after speaking to us and trying these various steps your pen is still having issues, we’ll glady take a look at it in one of our us, eu or asian repair hubs, fix it up and send it back to you. just drop us a line through the ks messaging system or help@the3doodler.com and we’ll be sure to get you doodling again in no time! 4. the 175 backers who don't have pens… maybe you know who you are, maybe you don’t, but you’re out there, and of the 10,000+ backers, there are still 175 of you who have not answered your surveys or have not provided adequate information for us to send your pens out. we’re contacting everyone, and we’re doing all we can do get you your pens, but if you still haven’t got yours, please do one of the following: > check whether or not you completed the survey fully > check your messages/inbox (and junk folder) for any contact from us > drop us a line! 5. a special ks treat coming soon we’ve been promising this for a while, and it’s coming soon - the first of many treats to thank our phenomenal kickstarter backers for all your support. in a few weeks we’ll be issuing all backers a 20% discount code for anything 3doodler at www.the3doodler.com/store. we know a lot of you wanted extra plastics and accessories when you backed us, so here’s your chance to stock up. stay tuned, as we hope to take this live at the start of july - just for you! 6. 3doodler 2.0 creations! last but not least, we’ve been seeing some insane creativity with the 3doodler 2.0. no update would be complete without a look at what our amazing community has been creating. please check out the image we have posted at the bottom of the formal campaign update page and the creations we're sharing daily at facebook.com/3doodler. many thanks, and #whatwillyoucreate? the 3doodler team
i too am on my third defective unit.  they all work when i get them but between 1-2 hours of use they slow and stop. i wish i could order a gen1 model, seems like they worked better.  common issues : stoppage of extrusion : try twisting strands and extrusion starts again briefly but stops as soon as i stop pushing.  pla: i had some success with pla on my second unit but that didn't last.  nothing on first or third. i am often reassured that these are not common issues, but i am doubting that. my service experience has been mostly good. response time is irregular, but i have been helped repeatedly and i am trying to be patient with their troubleshooting process.
i too think that wobble works should post an update on the pla issue. while it may not be a huge widespread problem enough people have complained about the issue for it to warrant being addressed. i will say this wobble works has gone above and beyond on attempting to get me a working pen. and as i mentioned this final pen does work. does it work well? no. it doesn't as i still have issues with pla and only pla the abs works beautifully. but i use the pla to make a lot of jewelry and to constantly have to unclog the pen is frustrating. it does however work better than the last pen. which actually stopped working once the pla issue arose.  and this seems to be a common factor across the board. i had two other issues with my first two pen. the first one the on off switch just stopped working. the second one (the replacement for the first) was damaged during shipping as it was improperly packed. the third one had the pla issue. i can't say whether or not the first two would have had the pla issue as i did not have them long enough to know for sure. but it's frustrating to have had to exchange this pen 3 times! and as i said this 4th one works but it's temperamental when it comes to the pla. the issue here could lie in one of two places. the pen is not designed well or the manufacturer is less than par. either way it needs to be addressed. for those that are having issues with the pla here's a list of fixes. 1) twist the stick clockwise and slowly to get it moving again  2) replace the maintenance cover with the spare one as it grips the plastic better  3) a fine piece of wire that is thin enough to fit into the tip to clean it out should a jam arise works well.  4) clean the pen out before inserting a new stick. use the tool. make sure there is little to no plastic in there and it should work ok.
i really hate having to post in a public forum like this but i'm getting no response elsewhere. our first pen was defective, the gear box didn't catch. after much back and forth we were told to send it in and they would send us a different one. we received another pen and that one is also having issues. if this were something that i'd paid $25 for, i'd probably let it go but $200 is a completely different story. i am exceptionally frustrated. please advise.
thank god you are here to help us out michael !! i feel much better now !! ha ha ha ha !! i don't care about your opinion honestly but .. i will say that you are entitled to yours. as for the pen, i am posting my frustrations which i am entitled to, and regardless of how i got the pen i am entitled to a higher level of customer service than i have currently received. also, the product they have created needs work & if someone stumbles upon my comments while contemplating buying the pen online or in a retail environment and i save them from the frustrations with the lack of quality the current version of the pens have and the lack of customer service , then it will be a good day. the problem with pla is widespread, if only 25% of the pens have issues that is still too great of a number to be acceptable. but michael, i hope that your condescending tone in your previous message helps you validate yourself and make you feel like you are worth something and intelligent. because it had absolutely no worth in this comments section so i have to assume it was strictly for your own benefit. thank you and have a great day.
@michael : "i am only disappointed that wobbleworks hasn't posted an update......" my feeling exactly. the recent silence is in big contrast with all the sweet talk posted when the pens were not yet shipped. but i also agree with the "this is kick starter" thing. i kept reading the comments here while i was waiting for my package in vain. it arrived too late to be used as the intended birthday present for my daughter. and now i didn't even care to open it, knowing that it will most probably be a frustrating experience, and no way i will go through the hassle of an exchange/repair. my previous backed project was a 3d-camera for which they failed to deliver the necessary software driver. so i'm piling up expensive doorstops. i guess that's kickstarter...
time for a little reality check big k.....this is kick starter......not a retail store.....you aren't entitled to anything.......including the original pen that you received....that is the hard truth......time to put on your big boy pants and accept it.   now since only a few percent of the backers have left comments, it may mean that only a few hundred pens have problems, but even if this is widespread, it may be due to some problem that only showed up when the pens went into production.  i am only disappointed that wobbleworks hasn't posted an update......
garbage !!! pla doesn't work at all .... to get a replacement is a pain in the "you know where" .. i want a refund ... the product is junk .. was shipped before it had been tested which resulted in a product that has a bunch of potential but completely useless in real life. before you guys get excited i have tried changing temps / different service doors / etc ... as per everyone else or at least 95% of everyone else ... the pla is not working and i have to waste more time with shipping etc (after paying a bunch of customs & brokerage fees due to the useless shipping carrier they chose) to get a replacement and 99% sure it's going to have the same issues. pen needs way more r&d before it sees the light of day. also the guy you are using as your distributor or whatever he is in canada based out of quebec .. i am not a fan of. i asked to speak to someone higher up because i am not happy with his "solution" and he said basically .. too bad i'm the top of the food chain in canada. i want to talk to whoever can fix this problem .. not him .. i want a refund !!!
hi, i did not receive my product... can you give me some update? regards,
did not receive the product yet, any problem there? any release date?
it is june, and i have yet to receive my unit. any updates or reasons for the delay concerning my unit's status?
hello, had backed this product in january, 2015. was supposed to get the parcel in may, 2015. have not yet received. pls chk n revert. tks n rgds,
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@samuel ong i had the same issue and had it replaced with a new unit... the new unit had another issue, but you should report it as defective on  http://the3doodler.com/contact/ and hopefully get a new functional unit.
disappointed.  pledge plus postage plus customs fee = more than it sells for in the shops in the uk.  should have waited.
wtf! so many people with feeding problems! mmmm not good!
got my pen some time ago and was wondering as to when or if the jet pack was to be shipped?
just tested out my 3doodler, and i'm not sure whether what happened to me is normal. for the first 3minutes, say maybe 1/2 the strand, the extrusion of the abs plastic was normal. after that it started to slow down and not extrude at all. since the abs strand is inside the 3doodler, i had to use the supplied tool to push it all out and waste the rest of the strand. inserting a new plastic after that only worked for less than a minute. after letting it cool down and try again, it worked for maybe 2-3 minutes and the extrusion stopped. removing the nozzle, pushing the plastic out slightly and putting the nozzle back on doesn't seem to help. the gear seems to be functioning properly because i could hear them when i press the button. anybody out here faces the same problem as me, i'm really anxious to get it working again. could anybody please advice?
just to update i got the last replacement pen a while back and it works. it's still problematic when it comes to the pla but not as bad and it still functions unlike the other pens i had issues with. i got myself a fine piece of wire because what i notice when i use the pla the tip gets gunked up and causes the pen to jam. after u jamming the pen i use the fine wire to clear out the tip and the pla flows well again until the next time it backs up. i will say this. i am unable to use the full pla stick because issues start to arise when the stick gets to the end. so i have to open the hatch and take out the remainder of the stick. it's pretty wasteful of you don't have a version one pen, i do so i snip the ends and use them in my version one pens. i have no issues whatsoever with the abs setting. but overall compared to the other 3 pens i had issues with prior to,  this latest one is much more improved and at least this one functions. as i said the very fine wire to clean out the tip works well and gets the pen functioning quicker.
keith, have you tried contacting them via the messing system here on kickstarter? they get back much quicker that way.
just want to say my service experience has been great. my support representative for canada has been helpful, friendly and gone above and beyond to resolve my issues.  i wish things would happen faster, but overall i've been very pleased with the help.
i cannot believe how bad the support team are. i logged a call 2 weeks ago for a doa and have chased them 9 times and only had 1 response. you need to hear up for the demand, this is just a joke!
bgfilly and alicia smith and others who shared, we thank you for the tip on the pen not feeding properly. i carefully swapped the maintenance cover as per the detailed instructions from the manual and we are now again able to use the pen with abs. making some glasses from the template now! will try pla when i am up for it. for all those waiting for their pen, your patience will pay off!
@creator we are in june already, no signs of my 3doodler. nobody seems to know anything and what i can see in these comments sections no one in 3doodler or kickstarter cares in what is written here anymore. shame on you. i do not think i am going to buy anything in kickstarter again in the future, i feel framed, this was a simple robbery.
hello, i see all of these negative comments and i would like to thank @creator for providing us with this great tool. i got my pen about two months ago and i love it. it works very well it is a little difficult to get the filaments started with the pen but after it is started it works great. i have had a lot of fun with it and posted pictures on instagram and twitter with #3doodler. i hope that soon everyone will experience how great and fun this tool is. i'm not disappointed with it and i don't regret spending the money on it. thank you so much and keep creating!
my most recent email update indicated that education bundles were coming in may, but we have not received ours yet. any updated information on when education bundles will be arriving?
in uk...item arrived. had to phone the importer to get mine delivered next day after customs payment...
hey,when can i get it? i waiting for long long time.you sent me "soon". when is "soon"?
in the uk and still no word on mine actually arriving... very frustrating considering i can purchase one from maplin and collect in thirty minutes. i would have hoped you would take more of an interest in those who supported you on kickstarter (both times in my case).
the hatch on my 3doodler looks like it was glued on. it refuses to come out. my doodler is jammed and i haven't gotten a response from the email/ticket i made 1-2 weeks ago.
my first one had recurring problems with the hatches. got a replacement after a very frustrating period of going back and forth with creator. tried my replacement today- the feeder is very very weak and unable to move pla, flexy plastic . it took close to 1 minute to move 1 mm of plastic out when it "works". i sent email to creator . still waiting for response.
so far my kids are heartbroken over this. they waited patiently for months, then the nozzle tip broke after a few minutes of use. the 3doodler team was good about replacing it, but the second pen has feeding issues. the feeder just doesn't seem strong enough to push anything out. we tried both pla and abs. to make matters worse this pen is currently selling for less on amazon - and i could have easily returned it there.
has anyone found a solution at repairing a broken/sheared nozzle tip? mine was sheared when replacing the nozzle (the pen was still on as the instructions suggest(. haven't had a replacement pen yet, but structurally i can see why this problem might happen again. perhaps soldering the metal?
i had trouble with the pen not feeding but after i replaced the maintenance cover with the other one provided it worked really, really well.
i've got the pent past 2 weeks ago. after trying to use the pen. look like my pen is not feed pla and abs well. anyone can hint me how to fix this?
just curious, has anyone received their jetpack yet? update?
@creator we are ending may, most of the people already received their pen and some even a replacement. i have not received anything yet. i wrote directly to the 3doodler site and they sent me a maintenance video to solve my problem!! what is happening to you?? i keep asking for a refund but it seems is a taboo just mention the word refund. i realy hope no one else has the same problem as i have. again, i am asking for a refund, please!!
my replacement pen arrived a couple days ago. it works beautifully on both abs and pla. it does seem to jam up right at the end if a strand sometimes but a little twist and push gets it flowing again. i've used 13 and strands and and one pla so far. it took a month to get the replacement. i used the 3doodler ticket system to get my issue resolved. to all that are having issues: persistence and patience, i think they are getting the bugs worked out.
hi, i received my pen 2 weeks ago and can not get the plastics to feed through the pen. i have followed the instructions and this pen just doesn't work. i have logged a support call and chased twice but had no response. can you please help as this was for my daughter and she is utterly disappointed. thanks
received my pen in early of may. but the unit is dead-on-arrival. sent lots of e-mail and asked for a resolution, like a replacement or something. but as of now, i received 4 emails from their tech support. first one. asked me if the pen is first generation or 2.0. second one, asked my skype and said they will have a video call with me for trouble shooting, which never happened. the 3rd one is, sent me youtube link for trouble shooting (though i already told them in the first place that the plastic is never melt. and video is to check if any plastic is stuck). the forth one, asked my shipping address. it is not my best backer's experience as of now. will keep posted if any progress.
??? does the light go red, then green or blue? or do you get no light at all?  if the pen is getting power, are you using abs or pla?  i would suggest starting with abs, if possible. many found a small amount of clear plastic comes out first then the abs strand. contact wobbleworks through the kickstarter message system for assistance. all the best to you.
my pen is broken... it seems doesn't work at all ... god...
here's a link to the manuals:  http://the3doodler.com/manuals/
just wanted to share, as compared with other sources, the printed instruction manual that came with your 3doodler has more detailed instructions and additional steps for activities such as using the cleaning tool, removing the nozzle, etc.
i agree with michael rew.  we are having some flow problems with both pens, but are working on it. like most, it happens (most of the time) with the pla.  of course i bought extra plastic and it was all pla. :-)
the thing is that even if a lot of people are having trouble, there is no recourse....the company is not obligated to do anything....and to be fair, wobbleworks has done much more than most companies would....i just wish they would come out with an update for the flow problems that seem to be most prevalent.
3doodler 2.0 3d printing pen £99.99 [http://www.maplin.co.uk/p/3doodler-20-3d-printing-pen-n03eb…]
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i came on to vent but it looks like others have experienced problems as well.. i received my pen early may (i think i was lucky considering singapore is close to hong kong?). however it turns out the pen is faulty and never heated up (light always stayed red). customer service admitted that the pen needed replacing after sending in a ticket. great - thought my problems would be resolved. they committed to sending a pen asap but no word since (this was 3 weeks ago). i chased up twice (a week gap between each email), and had to resort to opening another ticket just to get them to respond. *** hi brian, apologies for the inconvenience, but due to the high shipping traffic we have at the moment with the kickstarter campaign and the pre orders, it will be very difficult to access a tracking number for you. i will, however, let you know if i am able to access one. kind regards, **** this was 3 days ago. no mention of whether the pen is even sent.. *sigh* words can't describe how disappointed i am with the product, and service. now i'm left with a us$150 paperweight. kickstarter projects are just not worth funding anymore, as great as their ideas are, it's the implementation that tends to fall short. i sincerely hope others do not experience this, or have to deal with their customer service.
i attached the tip removal tool, began unscrewing, and it fell off, along with the the part that fastens the tip to the pen, making it impossible to re-attach the tip.please advise as to warranty and other options thanks guys!
hey guys,  thanks for all your hard work. i was wondering have the edu bundles been shipped? thanks again
epicstuff, send wobbleworks a message through the kickstarter messaging system.  we are so looking forward to your videos :-)  i'm sure you'll get it all sorted.  all the best!
...
the screw piece on my pen snapped off
please never use dhl express (oder fedex) for shipping to germany again. additional to tax and customs they charge extra for "lending" the money. i refuse to pay these ridiculously high extra fees. other parcel services deliver to my local customs office. there i just pay tax and customs.
@yehoshua1996 soory to hear about that..many people have got the same issue and wibbleworks sometimes miss out customers' email but looking at others' comments reply promptly.
thanks @halle t.  was just using it and noticed it leaked, took the nozzle off and the screw has snapped off. anyone else had this?, i cant use it anymore :/. i've sent them an email but no idea how long it will take to get a replacement, already been waiting a month in customs :(.
@slickjdip yes, everyone in the uk has to pay that although wpbbleworks didnt get us informed 'officially' (maybe just state the issue on update?). we cant really blame wobbleworks for the customs charge apart from the lack of information since the customs here even charge me while i had a box of snacks and clothes sent from hk.  @michael rew if you could scroll down an read some other comments you may find that so many people got broken nozzles. mine started to leak from the back of the nozzle as well last time and i have never tried to take it off. @jean/ tokyo according to @bgfilly, contact wobbleworls for suggestions or a replacement through the messinging system here in kickstarter, she got a response fairly quickly.
@yehoshua1996 it's to put the strands of plastic in.  the two pieces fit together.  i would recommend putting abs in one section and pla in the other section so you don't get them confused. (i used my 3doodler to mark on the thing which side was abs and which was pla)
just got my pen :d all good, just wondering what the black twin tubed thing at the bottom of my box is?.
i had to pay £30 for customs, what's the crack with that?
the unfortunate thing here is just how many people are having problems. this is just the number of people who are actually vocal about it on here. there are probably plenty more with the same sort of problems. what also bugs me about all of these problems is that wobbleworks hasn't even stated anything. when some people were originally having problems they made a comment about it, but it would be nice if they'd actually mention it in an update. these are in stores too so there are plenty of other people who will be having these sorts of problems. i hope they fix them for future versions of it because the number of people who are having problems is really unacceptable.
@rew, seriously? that's the only way professor? the next time you take your nozzle off... count how many threads there are on the tip... plenty of revolutions to notice if it's cross threaded. it wasn't. please don't presume to be the authority and tele-qa on first run production devices (err.. second if you count the early-bird feedback).
the only way plastic to come out the back of the nozzle is if you cross threaded it....have to be easy on it.....it is a very small fitting and only needs a tiny force to tighten
two hours to get it to advance the first filament. what doesn't come out of the nozzle's tip ends up leaking out the back of the nozzle. and yes, if you start and stop the worm eats enough of strand that it's hopelessly jammed. lastly... the tip broke. come on!
my order got stuck in customs because you sent the wrong invoice. you should have sent the correct invoice to avoid this delay. i finally received it and paid extra 5000 yen customs fee. tried once and it already broke off. who can i contact for replacement? this is an almost $500 pledge and doesn't feel worth it at all. please advise. thank you.
to be fair.....there is nothing wrong with the pen as far as the tips are concerned.....i have swapped tips out at least 8 times with no trouble....just have to remember that it isn't a wheel lug....
was waiting for ages for the pen and when i got it lasted all of one hour before the tip broke off. not a great experience
@dan annison, no problem, the invoice doesn't exactly give you any payment options. just so you know, it took 3 working days for the pen to arrive after i had paid via bank transfer.
@steve evans it is from skynet - thanks for the info!
david codish, your patience will pay off. i feel for you as i've had to wait for the boat/customs many times before. the pen is very cool and i am sure our family will get the hang of it soon!
reading the comments below isn't encouraging... but at least you all got your pens. i've paid $42 for shipping costs upfront on top of the $200 backing for the project. expected delivery was april. on may 7th i got a mail indicating my pen is on its way but apperantly $42 only gets me shipping by sea meaning i can be waiting for many more weeks for my pen.  i feel robbed.
so by any chance there's a return policy? this is seriously not working and just pure disappointment
@dan annison, is the invoice from skynet? if so you can either call them 9 - 5 monday to friday and pay by card over the phone, or make a bank transfer using the account information and reference number found on the bottom of the invoice.
i got my pen! need to try it out tho
maybe i shouldn't bother after reading these comments but can any uk backers kind enough to tell me how i'm to pay my invoice for my pen?
thanks bgfilly, the issue with my pen seems to be the motor, i think it could be loosing power and was defective since the beginning doesn't tray the plastic.
well my issues went further and my pens completely stopped working. i went through 3 pens before i got one that worked well. the first pen worked great until the on/off switch stopped working. the second pen was damaged during shipping and the fan mechanism was horribly loud, and the third pen had the issues that everyone seems to be having with flow issue.  (unlucky with this pen) but this new one seems to be working well. i've decided to only use it for smaller scale projects for the time being. once i get over my initial frustration with the pens i'll implement more usage as time goes on. but back to the pen that had the flow issue. before i contacted wobble works again i did do some reading and research on people having issues with the pen. i've read some comments here about the flow issues. and what i gathered is for some changing out the maintenance  cove with the spare cover has helped as apparently it provides a tighter grip. also for some turning the heat all the way up has helped the flow. cleaning out the tip with a fine piece of wire or thin hat pin has also helped for some. and turning the plastic clockwise has helped. it really depends on the pen. i know for some people as well as myself, none of those things helped and eventually the pen stopped extruding any filament all together on either setting so i had no choice but to ask for another replacement which left me really frustrated. i will say i was told that they have implemented some fixes to prevent this from happening with newer versions of the pen. and i will say that i have read that there are people who haven't had any issues with the new pen at all. so hopefully if you're having flow issues one of the fixes will work. if not then contact wobble works and go from there. they may have more suggestions or will send you a new pen.
bgfilly, any ideas for us?  right now all we can make is something that resembles hardened cooked spaghetti. :)
elsa, what type of problem are you having? maybe we can help as many of us have had some issue or another in here and some people have come up with some handy tips to get the pens working again.
@wobbleworks i'm so disappointed i just wish i hadn't bought the pen, seems all poorly engineered, built, planned and all, not to mention the customer service. i received my pen almost a month ago, paid the extra fees and all, but since the beginning wasn't working, think the motor is defective or either the nozzle. tried to contact the customer service: got weeks to wait and then settled a skype appointment with them for yesterday evening, they didn't even contact me without advice. they should remember they assured international guarantee...now i just wish i never bought this and supported this mess.
wanting to make a little doodle of a friend's name but we are have the issue: extrudes for a while then needs push(/rotate clockwise. we do not have all the accessories with us just the pen, abs and adapter. any ideas?  i can back it out no problem but the issue persists with the next strand. thanks in advance!  we've made the glasses before without incident.
@wobbleworks i have had the pen for a week and a half and have been played with it a few times. i love the pen, it is a fantastic piece of equipment and i have enjoyed building random things that i have absolutely no need for just for the hell of it haha i had some problems with pla at the beginning but i kept cleaning the pen and now it works perfectly-anybody have problems don't give up! it does occasionally jam when the plastic is too short to be gripped by the gears, so you have to push the remaining plastic out the pen as the new plastic can push the remaining out, so you do waste a little bit. apart from this tho the pla flows continuously and well. the only problem i have had which you may want to look at is the cleaning tool. the end is almost like a sprint and through use it has kinked in many places..this means it doesn't push as well and i know that in a couple more uses it will be useless. maybes a tool without the spring would be better, perhaps just a steel rod? i assume the spring is to protect the gears but it doesn't last 5 mins. and it could have done with 2 nibs in the box, one for pla and one for abs as you can really clean the nib out and if it is filled with abs and you want to use pla the pla won't extrude as the heat setting won't melt the aba, but that can be worked around. overall it is a great piece of kit, not flawless but for a young piece of technology it works great! just have patience if it doesn't work immediately!
hi kian, wobbleworks can't control the cost of import. the first time i imported something i was shocked too, but it's the cost of business right now.
question to any other backers. did anyone else know of the extra postage fee before ordering? was it mentioned on the kickstarter?
hi, i must admit to being slightly annoyed. i got the 3d doodler as a present for my mum's birthday, expecting to to arrive in april. it being the end of may it just arrived, now this i don't mind so much. i understand that production takes time and you want it to work correctly and the product to be the best it can. mildly irritating but fine. however receiving a demand to pay an additional £31 pounds is offensive, the 3d doodler was generally more than i spend and would not have ordered it had i been aware of the ridiculous fees expected after the fact. heck i'm trying to remember if i paid extra postage.
thanks :-)
with the outstretched leg it's about 2 /12 inches long and about 2 inches tall from the tip of the ear to the bottom of that front hoof. i like working on a smaller scale, even though it eats up a lot of plastic
halle t. how big is your horse?  just wondering
i had a similar with the pla that halle t. did.  i managed to get the plastic out and turn off the pen to cool off.  i agree.  it seems if you can work steady with the pla and not stop, that's the best.  also removing the plastic and letting the pen cool off periodically seems to help.
oh here are pictures of the horse i made yesterday with the pla.  obviously still need to add a mane and tail, as well as some facial details: http://oi62.tinypic.com/1zwypuo.jpg http://oi57.tinypic.com/24qk2nk.jpg i've found that the tip is very useful for melting the plastic to smooth out the individual strand look.  i want to get the nozzle set just for that melting tip, but for now, the tip that comes with the pen works.  (i melted the strands and then added more on top, so i need to go back and smooth it over)
the only thing i've noticed with the pla is that you have to almost continually keep extruding it or it will get jammed.  other than that it works perfectly fine in my pen--i made something last night with it and i am impressed with the quality of the things this pen can make. on a side note, i had two rather epic battles with my pen yesterday.  seems that when i went to reverse the pla (two separate times), a little bead of melted plastic was at the end.  it was round and unable to fully go out the back of the pen because of its size.  i had to take a wire and put it up the length of the pen, but it kept sliding past the bead the second time this happened.  finally i removed the back faceplate and was able to get it out, but only after getting a burn on my hand from putting the wire in (i put the wire in the tip and was pushing it, and it gave really suddenly and my hand flew down to the tip).  anyways, now i have a good understanding of what to do and not to do when i have a jam in the pen.  if you have a piece of plastic just out of reach in the back of your pen, that faceplate on the back can be removed and it might make it easier to reach the strand. just be careful not to break anything
... that includes a £7.50 admin fee + £1.50 vat on £16.60 import duty.
i got an invoice for an additional £26.10 import duty in the uk from..... skynet.
got my pen. abs worked well. tried pla and ran into all sorts of non feeding problems. had a look here in the comments and it seems to be a design issue. abs doesn't work so well anymore. slight jam when it used to run fine. how to resolve this wobble works?
i just received the letter from dhl for the custom duties/ taxes for itay in order to get my pen i need to pay other €50,23. all that is just ridicule. unfortunately i backed for the full kit 220$ if it was just the pen i was not thinking twice to lose the money invested here instead to pay other 50€ for a 90% malfunction 3d pen.... that's silly...
so many horror stories about the pen's nozzle breaking, pla not usable, having to always go into the maintenance hatch, broken cleaning tools that jam the system and etc makes me a bit hesitant to try my pen out. kind of wished they would announce something to address all the issues and at least should of applied as much time testing the device and making sure the pen's design was not just sleek, but durable and efficient as well. it's also an interesting question why wobbleworks would say you void your pen if you use 3rd party filament when their own pla filament fails to properly extrude out of the pen... hopefully when i get to testing mine in the next few days it won't be so bad, but at the moment i'm setting my bar low to expect some disappointment...
@heiko misselwitz wow it doesn't look like you are having much problem from the pieces you made.  i couldnt stand and tried on pla today and whats happening with mine is that the gear was able to pushing the filament forward but not much ("equal'' amount) of the material is being extruded. so there is a 'pool' of melted pla in the part that i cant even reach.
hey there. same problem here. the abs does work. but pla just gets stuck and does not come out... why is that? any solutions yet?
so, i’ve had issues with the cleaning tool as well.  the spring shaft has bent/deformed near the handle, and the tip broke off and jammed itself inside the nozzle, rendering the pen unusable until i could free it out (had to open up the pen via the maintenance procedure, step 7). how do i get a replacement cleaning tool?
p.s.: here is a picture of those different colored strands http://i.imgur.com/d5e3zr0.jpg @jamie webb here is what i made with pla http://i.imgur.com/9vjrghn.jpg
from what i have read here is that this device has serious issues with pla... since the material seems a lot softer than abs the worm gear seems not to be able to apply enough force to it without destroying the strand. i seem to have the same problem also the pen is everything but idiot proof. ... or easy to handle ...there are so much things you can do wrong. which either results in minor (strand not feeding correctly) or major (device destroyed) problems. @jamie webb i manged to make something with pla (which i painted directly on paper) but it was more of a pain and drawing in the air ... does not work at all ... even connecting two pieces i previously have drawn is not really working well. the tax problem is really one ... for who say that we should not complain i have to say ... it was possible for wobbleworks to ship units to dealers for a price that they can sell it for a certain price (which is about what we paid including tax... maybe even less)  while they also paid import taxes and still making money (which usually is 100% of all cost they had so far) so if they sell it for 99€ they most likely paid no more than 50$ including taxes per device! since it was a very special sale ... wobbleworks still could have us given a bigger discount in this campain. ... or paying the tax upfront (which is, while not common, still possible). that way every costumer would been happy (not to pay more than he actually would to pay in the shop next door). @wobbleworksi already bough some new pla packs (from a local store ... in sense of in same country) and a part of my order was "clearly blue" but i am shocked .... almost every strand in this pack has different color! from almost total clear (only a hint blue) to so dark blue that it is almost not transparent anymore.
hello! i'm from brazil and i have not received my tracking code yet. you could contact me with this information please. thanks!
al pavlak, i used the messinging system here in kickstarter. and got a response in a short amount of time.
i had the exact same feeding issue as the others commented earlier: the plastic was not feeding at all and i had to manually push the plastic inside the pen. after close examination, and with the feedback from customer support i found the base cause: the feeder damages the plastics surface for reasons (nozzle is clogged, plastic not pushed into the pen all the way down, maintenance cover does not push the plastic to the feeder, etc) solution (for abs at least, didn't tried pla yet): - clean your pen following the maintenance guide - replace the maintenance cover with the spare one from the package (as it is slightly different) - set temperature to the highest with temperature adjusting tool - push plastic inside pen, until you feel it click - press the slow feed button and see you plastic going inside the pen - plastic will stop and no extruding: firmly rotate the plastic clockwise, so you have new plastic surface facing the feeder, until you see plastic extruding - never use the fast feed button watch out with the cleaning tool: it has a little metal end piece. it can stuck into the melted plastic, and when you try to pull it out it will break and you won't even notice that your pen is clogged with that metal thingy.
@bgfilly, can i ask how your contacting the creator, getting a response and replacement pens? i have had an open ticket with them since the 13th on my second failed pen with no reply what so ever. thanks...
got my replacement today. tested out the pla first and then abs. both seem to work ok. i think i will just set this aside and use it for smaller projects or to detail out larger projects. after all the problems i've had i'm hesitant to use it more often. thanks again to wobble works for all the help.
40 euros of tax fees!!!.....i received my 3dpen  two weeks ago but i got so annoyed that i haven't open it yet...:(
received my pen last week and been trying to use it since. the cleaning tool got messed up (spring bent oddly) after trying to use it to push a strand which was a few millimeters below the orifice. my fault, i should have grabbed it closer to the tip, instead of by the handle. now for the meat and potatoes: pla is useless. i've gone through some strands, different colors, paaaaainfully, trying to make sense. the strand gets gripped by the pen (all good so far) and then extrudes nicely for some millimeters to stop short after. the strand gets ground really fast. i think somehow the retraction makes it worse, as i've only managed to make it extrude more than a few millimeters if printing continuously from the moment the strand gets gripped by the pen. abs is another story... filament gets ground too if you just print some millimeters at a time (thus making a lot of retractions), but is more manageable: you just have to force yourself to print for some centimeters in a row to avoid it. haven't tried flexi strand yet, but i guess the strand won't get ground being flexible. continuing with pla, i've conducted some tests in order to check what could be te possible reason causing the strand to get ground so badly. first i thought it could be a temperature issue causing over extrusion, but after trying with abs temperature setting (and after having successfully extruded abs) i don't think that's the issue. following the temperature, continuing with the over-extrusion, i though on only using slow speed for extrusion: it took some more millimeters or maybe just longer, but failed really soon too. took a look at the internals via the maintenance cover, and all looks right according to the pictures in the documentation. i've considered adding a tiny bit of teflon lube to the extruder screw and the metal plate on the maintenance cover, in case the friction is accelerating wear in the strand, but i don't know if that could lead to some other issues or nasty side effects, so instead i'll wait for the creators to say something about this issue. and yes... there's definitely an issue with the pen (perhaps abs is more forgiving, but i would call it a general issue nonetheless) for all the rest: the pen is amazing!, great quality, no noise, really easy to use, beautiful packaging, lots of really nice accessories... awesome! (but please, fix that issueeeeee!)
i have tried using my 3doodler 8 times in the past 2 days since receiving it, had it work with pla the very first time for around 2-3 minutes before jamming, every subsequent attempt (using both pla and abs) has resulted to either a jam within the first 10 seconds of extruding or no extrusion whatsoever. had to remove the maintenance cover twice to get rid of a jam and even attempted applying pressure with the cleaning tool once. massive disappointment, i expect an immediate reply addressing all the issues that us backers are experiencing
will you guys make the cleaning tools available for sale at all? since mine broke id like to purchase a new one for when my replacement pen arrives
30 euro of additional tax fees. i'm really anoyed about that.
@jamie webb ohh i am going to use the method you suggested next time to avoid wasting the plastic. hopefully the cleaning tool is not goin to break apart as i have seen some ppl saying that their cleaning tools broke while they were cleaning the pen.
i too have pla issue. only abs is working so far. please dont wait until someone proof there is a defect in doodler product.
hello team , i got a message with the currier and tracking number , but i can´t see any information , based on that , can you confirm the tracking number and shipping.. best
hello, please let me know whether you shipped or not. otherwise send exact shipping date for me. regardfs,
i'm still having issues with my 3doodler. the same as everyone else with the strand not extruding. i messaged them and received a link to a tutorial on removing the maintenance cover. it did not help at all because the metal guide was broken that feeds the strand into the nozzle. i only used it once! i still haven't tested the second pen.
i have found that if you push the plastic down with the cleaning tool you can use almost the whole strand without putting a new strand in, bit fiddly if you are doing an intricate design but you get the hang of it. i am now only using the abs which is really disappointing still but i am unwilling to risk pla until @wobbleworks resolve the issue. can someone please advise on the best way to contact them as they are no longer updating here (seems kickstarter is now a second priority). has anyone tried flexy yet? x
when i can get my 3d printing pen form courier ? can you give me order number of  courier ?
i bought the 3doodler 2.0 as a gift. unfortunately the plastic won't feed well. i sounds like it has troubles gripping it. the temperature setting is on high, but plastic won't come out at all unless one constantly pushes the plastic into the doodle with a second hand from behind. it's not just at the beginning either. you have to keep pushing all the time! very awkward!
i got the double accessorize. one for my daughter and one for myself. i haven't been able to use mine much because of work. i have not changed the nozzles yet, since i don't want to break it. i found out from my son-in-law, that my daughter has had problems with her 3doodler. i sent her all the help links. i have not heard how she is doing.
richard, i did look at some reviews outside of kickstarter and saw that some people are having the same pla issue. i too wonder if this is a wide spread issue of just a few. but it seems like it's a consistent issue. i haven't seen anyone reporting the switch issue that i had and i am almost 100% positive the second pen was damaged during shipping as it was poorly packed and it was pretty much stated to me by a wobbleworks rep that, that might have been the case. but the 3rd is what concerns me the most. this pen is giving me the same issue everyone else seems to be having with the pla .only mine wont extrude at all now on either setting even if i tinker with the temperature. it seems as if the gears only pull the filament to the tip and after that it stops and sometimes it does not want to grip the plastic at all. halle, i too go through plastic fast. which is why i hope that wobble works puts out their larger packs of plastic soon. while i don't have my 2.0 replacement in hand yet. i still have my 1.0 pens which i love. but i would like to hear from wobble works on whether this is a wide spread issue or not. when they put out the first 20 or so pens the pla did not function at all. i wonder if they gave the green light prematurely without fully making sure the issue was fixed before mass production. either way, i truly hope that wobble works gets this all straightened out. i know they are still a fairly new company and are most likely working out all their growing pains and in all fairness they have been very helpful in getting me as well as others up and doodling again. but i do think it's time to address the issue. while it may not be totally wide spread there are enough people reporting the same issue for it to be a cause for concern. i was going to purchase a second v2 pen but i am going to wait until this is all sorted out.
my pen works almost 100% fine.  i have to do some really simple trouble shooting like cleaning out the pen, ect, but other than that, it works great.  yes, sometimes it takes a bit to get the plastic to extrude, but this is, after all, new technology and they will still need to fix the bugs.  my shipment arrived quickly and without custom fees.  my only complaint is that i go through plastic too fast!
i haven't even tried my 3doodler yet, almost afraid too! maybe i should gift wrap it and give it to someone else to worry about, lol. i am curious about one thing i went back quite a ways in the comments and i don't see a response from the creator to everyone's concern. my friend @bgfilly has had so many problems that it will be the fourth pen already and some haven't even got their first. maybe if i sit back and chill on this i will get a replacement due to recall, before even breaking the seal on the filament. what really sucks is i can't even get my money back if i sold it on ebay....lol. is there just a small percentage of us that have problems i don't recall how many were sold but i'm sure that not many of them are on here expressing their concerns, so either they have no problems or they don't know this comment section exists? it would be nice to know if there has been any success with the 3doodler 2.0, or if it has been a complete flop?
my 3doodler 2 is useless with pla. a few tiny drips and hair-like strands come out, then it gets jammed up. have to open up the service hatch to pull the plastic out. it's awful, totally useless. i've got all this pla and it's going to waste. abs on the other hand is good. however, the buttons get very hot and causes a lot of discomfort to my poor fingers after about 15 mins. @wobbleworks - please provide a solution to pla not working at all. i've tried both the correct heat setting and hi to see if it makes any difference. it didn't.
i too would like to see the creator address this issue. i've looked at some reviews off kickstarter and i'm seeing similar issues. is this being addressed? will this be fixed? give us an update
started off with abs and it works find with it. since i only have black in pla i clean the pen then changed into pla, so the extrusion became super slow, same as what others has been experiencing. i wonder if using the temperature adjustment will be a good decision cus i suppose that the temperature on both settings will be affected and i dont want to mess up the setting for abs, which is the only setting that works...i had a hard time opening the maintenance cover when i had to clean up the jammed material (it happened when i tried to switch from abs to pla, a block of pla was stuck), the little metal piece is an evil. one other thing i concern abt is the amount of material that the design of the pen is forcing me to waste. dont really know how to get the material keep flowing after its too short for the gear to grip but i would like to finish off and not putting a new stick in. anyway i wouldnt want to risk my pen since its not very cheap for a student so all the pla will be put aside before i can safely use them. p.s. @creator we understand that you guys might be busy, on replacing pens or finding out solutions for the problems but i personally would like to see you guys updating so i can know if the problem is going to be sorted out. as for the delivery problem, if you guys could officially get us (especially customers in the uk) informed that we might have to call the courier and pay the duty rather then being dodgy, things would have gone way smoother.
recieved the pen a week ago. only tried pla so far. but fun for both me and my daughter.  combining the prints with machine made plastics. we achieve some great artwork. a few problems with the speed, is usually solved with putting the temperature on max.
bitterly disappointed. the quality of the pen is shockingly poor. the strand got jammed up after a couple of extrusion. as per the instructions on troubleshooting it, the nozzle sheared off after a single try on removing it. what a terrible product.
wow... so almost all of you have the same problem i have. guess my problem is doubled coz i bought 2 pen. and now both my girls are so dissappointed. i just simply cant get it working!!
well from all the comments i do not think it is worth me forking out another £32 to get the pen delivered to me. just going to chalk it up to a bad investment and look forward to using my 3d printer when i get it in december.
hi all. i haven't read all the comments yet, but it seems many people experience the same as i did.  i thought i'd start easy by using pla. it never fed right, the wormgear does not get a grip on it. not ahead and not backwards. after opening the mainenance cover i saw there was no pla left on the gear. so i thought that went allright; cleaning out the strand anyway, by tugging it with my teeth wile reversing the pen's  transport of the strand.  then i tried to make sure of this, by taking of the nozzle. it snapped of. just like that it snapped of.  the material of the nozzle is to thin and to weak to resist more than one time twisting the nozzle of the pivot (if that's what it's called). so now it is broken. and i see that in hindsight pla may have been a wrong choice. i did get a mail from dean gillespie that my broken 3doodler vs2 would be replaced. this was on the fifth of may.  so i asked for instructions on how to return the broken pen, en what to expect of the taxes (do i have to pay those again?) i really hope the people of wobbleworks can manage this. it is such an awsome idea, and it should really not be to hard to make it perfect. if i were them i would make the transport in the pen straight again, just like in vs1. and i'd give the nozzle a bigger diameter. maybe 3 millimeters more, so the "pivot" can be 2mm instead of 0,5mm thick. i do still believe in this product.  just don't give up, guys and girls at wobbleworks ! liset (now i will start reading all comments below.)
after reading some these comments, i don't think that some people understand kickstarter.......you aren't guaranteed anything....it's like investing in the stock market......that being said, i think that wobbleworks did a pretty good job as far as getting the pens to backers. now, i think that there are flow problems with this pen. let's give the maker the benefit of the doubt and let them work through it. i hope that wobbleworks issues some type of update soon
unfortunately the pen doesn't met up the expectations. it hasn't really worked well. the plastic always jams. when it does work, the plastic comes out too thin. did you guys test it enough?
it's a terrible nightmare.  1.the motor can't grip the stick  2.the stick can't push into plug smoothly 3.the pen point is very fragile and the rubber is very hot and unsafe the operation experiment is totally different from your introducing film .
my strand comes out really thin and slow now.
@creator i have been waiting for my 3doodler and this is the day i have not received anything. reading the long list of comments the 3doodler 2.0 doesn´t work as should be. amazon is already selling the 3doodler 2.0 and deliverying in 4 to 5 days. what was the point to support you if we have to wait more than the amazon's customers? how can i ask for a refund?
i have not had time to post up here or even check if i did already but my pen quit feeding abs after the 1st week. i never ran pla. not sure what the issue is. bummed i purchased $30 in abs sticks and now they just sit there. hoping my pre-order for a 2nd pen will be canceled and i will possibly buy more when they work better. the pen worked awesome for the short time it was feeding properly. thanks 3doodler team!
thanks sally and good point that you tend to only hear the bad news ! i will pay my extra $50, only use abs and if all else fails stick it on ebay to recover some of my losses !
@eryl, i don't know if it's any help with your decision, but i am hoping it's a positive that there are not too many of us on this page complaining about the problems. my guess is that there must be a lot of pens out there working fine, so people aren't coming back here to talk about it. i hope! for what it's worth, my pen is working fine with the abs so far, and tech support has been helpful with the pla issues i'm having.
so here is a $50 question !  i have invested $177 so far to get a pen as far as customs in the uk. i am being asked for another $50 to get it to me, given the problems being reported on this page should i bother or just write it off now as $177 loss ?
ok. i'll tell you where is the problem because is simple ! extrusion speed is way too high even with low speed button. filament can be pushed out at these speeds only if you take off the nozzle completely, if your nozzle is on filament cannot be pushed out that fast (too small hole) and you ending up with grinded filament ( jam / too high pressure in the nozzle ). just open back door and see how fast the screw is spinning even with low speed setting - crazy fast ! i cannot push the filament through manually at this speed no matter what! another issue - retraction length  why the hell retraction length is constant ? no matter how much filament has been extruded retraction is always the same which is stupid ! you click on the button (just click and let go) 0.5mm of filament has been extracted and then automatic retraction about 3-4mm, another click on the button (again just click and let go) and again about 3-4mm of filament is retracted. after 5-7 clicks on the button whole filament is retracted - are you serious wobbleworks ? retraction is need however it should occur only if "a" amount of filament has been pushed through already otherwise no retraction.
halle t, i always cut the plastic above the gear marks. prior to it not pulling in the plastic it did work to a certain point. now it's just at a point where it does not want to work. if i push it in it will work as long as i'm pushing it. it will stop as soon as i stop pushing. i had issues with pla with this pen from the get go. and it seems to be a pattern once the pla starts clogging up the pen even the abs is useless. this is judging by the comments i've seen. and given that this is the 3rd pen i've had some sort of issue with i think that wobbleworks really needs to re evaluate these issues and make sure that there is a proper fix. i still support wobble works and believe they are doing their best. but i can tell you this. if it were my company and my product kept having the same issues i'd be tearing into my manufacturer!
my most recent advice from tech support on getting pla to work was to adjust the heat setting upwards. i finally got the chance to try again and was able to have it work - but again, probably just a couple of inches of the strand got through before it jammed. i did try encouraging it to feed by pushing on the end, but the melted plastic was going somewhere other than the nozzle - maybe round the gears as it had a huge long tail on it when i backed it out. i thought i'd better try again with the abs, and it worked fine till i got near the end of the first strand, then it stopped feeding.  i had to put in another strand and push down till that one gripped, then it worked again. has that been anyone else's experience? i've been hoping that there are not too many pens with this pla issue and that the company could just replace mine if i can't get it to work right, but @bgfilly's experience is now making me worry... is there anyone on here who's found their pen works perfectly with the pla as well as the abs?
can anyone give a review of flexy yet please? x
also i used a dress makers pin to unclog my pen, it pushed the jammed bit of plastic up to the maintenance hatch, was a big glob of dried plastic just out of reach of the hatch by the nozzle but use one with a plastic ball on the end because the pin gets very hot so be careful x
i have used my pen with abs and love it, will take lots of time to practice but if you would like to see what i have managed so far pop on instagram and search mobyandpuddle in users. however every attempt with pla has failed miserably and i am now left with loads of plastic that i can't use so my pen has actually cost more than retail. i will ask if maplins will exchange the ones i got from them (i was very excited so stocked up before my pen arrived). if anyone has actually had any luck with pls can you share how you managed it? x
@bgfilly that is really strange.  do the gears make a sound when you push the extrude button? sometimes i have to cut the strand of plastic above those "gear marks" that get left on it after it reverses.  does the strand load okay to a point and then just stop?
halle t, with the pla thing i tried to start off just using pla. made sure it was clean. it now won't extrude at all and has left my pen useless. even my abs won't extrude at all
i hope this helps for anyone who has some plastic/the tip of the cleaning tool stuck in their pen. use a 19 gauge wire (available at any craft store, i would imagine.  maybe look in the floral/sculpting section, or the jewelry section) that is long enough to go the entire length of the pen and then some.  turn the pen on and wait for it to heat up.  take the tip off, and /carefully/, so you don't burn yourself, slide the wire into the tip of the pen that extrudes plastic.  if there is something stuck in your pen, the wire won't feed all the way through.  if you feel plastic that is stuck, just push it far enough up the pen so that you can grab it and pull it out.  you will probably have to get the wire to the gears and then reverse the wire, so that it can pass the gears. a note about pla--i don't know what is up with the problems concerning pla.  i had the same problems too--it might just be a heat issue?  anyways, if you're going to use pla, try starting out with it instead of switching from the abs setting to the pla setting.  so turn on your pen, and the first heat setting you should try should be the pla setting.  this might help with any issues with the heating point or anything.  also, you may have to twist the strand if it isn't extruding.  usually it will extrude fine for a while for me and then just stop.  i'll reverse it and then cut the end, clean out the pen with the (now tip-less) cleaning tool, and then try to put the plastic strand back in again.
so guys after playing with 3doodler 2.0 for last couple days i must say that it is a piece of s....t ! this crap won't work properly no matter what ! seriously, there is some issue with extruder which won't grip the filament properly and is causing filament jams all the time. there is some design/manufacturing flaw, no doubt about it. i don't think if any of those pens are going to work properly for anyone (not for long anyway). please fix this issue, replace all pens or at least tell us what should we do to make it work. believe me, i own 4 3d printers (expensive ones) and 3 different 3d pens so i have some experience with this technology.
well.. the third pen to be shipped to me is now a dud. i spoke with someone last night and they will send me another new pen. i don't understand what the issue is with this pen. the first pen i received worked beautifully until the on off switch stopped working. ok i chalk that up to a fluke as i have not seen anyone else have this issue. fine. send me a replacement and let's move on. they did. then i get that pen and it was loud. i mean louder than the original pen, which is pretty loud. i inquired about this with the customer service rep (who was more than kind) and she asked me to send a video. the pen itself did work. it heated up just fine and extruded just fine on both setting but it made a loud, loud noise, almost as if it grinding on itself. i was told that perhaps some thing came loose in the fan mechanism during shipment and to send the pen back and they would send me a new one. the rep apologized and said it should not have happened. so i did as i was told and sent that pen back as well. i  received a new one a few days later. that pen which is the pen that just died gave me issues from the get go. the pla did not want to extrude properly. it did not want to work well at all on the pla setting. so i set the pen aside and barely used it until last night. i said to myself let me see if maybe a little more use will get the issue going. i plug in the pen, heat it up on abs worked with that for a little bit and it worked fine. i then decided to switch to pla but before i did so i cleaned out the plastic to make sure there wasn't any abs in there than switched to the pla setting to heat it up. it heated up just fine and i put a strand of pla in. it took about 15 minutes to extrude the piece of plastic. then it worked ok for a minute or two and then it sputtered on and off and it was impossible to get a clean line but it was extruding. then out of nowhere it jams up. i tried to reverse the full stick of plastic which worked fine and i used the tool to clean out the remaining plastic when the tip of the tool broke in the pen... "good times" so i tried to stick the tool back in to see if it would make contact with the tip..no..so it was time to open the maintenance hatch. another chore in and of itself. the tiny piece of metal was nearly impossible to remove! when i finally did get off off, slowly and after bout 15 minutes of fighting with it because i did not want to risk breaking anything i took the cover off, removed the tip from the tool (which i cannot get back on btw) and decided to replace the cover with the spare cover that was given to me because i read that that cover might help get the pen to function even more so. that cover seemed to not fit!!!!! so again another 15 minutes of fighting with the cover to get it to sit properly with out breaking anything, i finally got it on. well that little metal piece... yea that wouldn't go back in. more time wasted. when i finally did get everything into place i tried the pla again..nothing! nothing at all! so i tried abs...again nothing! neither setting wanted to extrude! so i attempted to change the maintenance cover back to the original. that seemed to work and i got a bit of extrusion but then it just stopped pulling the plastic into the pen. if i want it to extrude i have to manually push it through, which obviously is not good. this leaves me greatly upset. i truly am frustrated. i either have extremely bad luck with this pen or the pen's durability is in question. i had one issue, one, with the original version one pens and that was with the buttons that stopped working on both of my pens. but i had those pens for a good long time before that issue arose and i used those pens often.those pens were replaced and now they work just fine and i haven't had any issues since. but to have this many issues with the second version of the pen, a pen in which i have barely used, has me questioning the pen's durability. perhaps the first two were just a fluke. as i said no one has reported an issue with the switch and i will say the second pen was barely protected when it was shipped to me which could have been the reason it was defective. but this last issue is the issue is the one that concerns me the most. this is the issue that everyone else seems to be having. i am sure the folks at wobble works are just as frustrated as i am at having to replace this pen over and over. i do thank them for their kindness in getting me a new pen and having me up and doodling again but i truly hope that this issue is being looked into thoroughly to prevent this from ever happening again. i looked up some reviews for this new version and they are all the same complaining about this issue as well as what many people in here have mentioned. that's just not ok. wobble works has stated that will send me another new pen and i appreciate that but if i have problems with this new pen i am going to toss it in the garbage and be done with it. it's too much of a hassle to have to send the pen back and fourth.  perhaps down the line when all this is sorted i will invest in a new pen. anyway. thank you wobble works for your help in dealing with this issues. here's to hoping that the new pen will be epic! i believe in you guys and i love my 3doodler 1.0's and hopefully i can love this one just as much!
just worked out total cost including shipping and taxes is around £145 for a product that is not yet delivered and i can walk into maplins right now and get for £99 according to their web site ! some extra plastic is £10. i did get a stand and some extra nozzles to be fair which might account for the gap. however you have sat on my money for months (actually you have sat on my 12 year old daughters money). not sure the end result is in the spirit of kickstarter.
i also received an invoice today from skynet for £31.31 and am not happy about it. thats another $50 on top ! ok so the uk gov gets 20% vat but thats been charged on the full product including shipping which is wrong and then skynet want £9 including vat for 'handling charges' which is on top of the $22 i paid up front. seriously 3d please sort out your shipping company as shipping and handling costs are not what you advertised on kickstarter !
i have had two products from kickstarter, one produced in china and one in korea and not had import tax imposed on my item.
@ryan thanks. you can never be too careful online i have found, there are too many companies out there just trying to scam people. i have emailed them now so will find out how much to pay. good luck with your 3doodler.
@chloe skynet are a legit (albeit unheard of) company that are dealing with the shipping. you can either call them or pay them over the phone..if you use a debit card you will get charged an extra £1. they aren't the best over the phone i had trouble getting through to them but once you pay the pen is with you within 2 days. i would ask for a breakdown of the fees as i was only charged £26 so it looks like you are being charged more! i have tried the pen and it works very well but have not tried pla yet, i am going to give it a go today and see if i have any of the problems others are having on here! i backed the accessorise pledge and adding all the costs up the price is only slightly more than that of maplins but you get a lot more backing through kickstarter such as plastic (only 1 pack with maplins but 5 with pledge etc) hope you get it soon!
i need some advice please if people don't mind. i live in uk and i received an invoice from skynet for £31.31. this looks like it is for uk import vat. i was just wondering if anyone else had received this and i was a bit unsure if it was genuine or not. thanks.
@nial pearce i'm not an expert in custom duties or import procedures, but i believe that there are legal ways to arrange all the paperwork to ensure that backers get charged a decent ammount for their pens (in my case a 21% of vat and a rerasonable fee). instead of that, seems like carriers are charging whatever they want for customs clearnace plus vat. besides that, as i see it (and i might be wrong), pledging for a campaing means funding the development of a new product you want to have in the market, not purchasing the actual product (you don't get an invoice for the amount you pledge, do you?). the product you get is, and in fact this is how is actually called, a reward for your support. so, imho (and if there's any expert here with better understanding of this, please feel free to correct me) the shipping can and should be marked as a gift. anyway, i'm not moaning about having to pay customs. i was expecting to pay them (maybe not that much). the problem here is that backers are receiving their pledges at the same time as retailers and at higher cost due to customs. this is like slapping your backers in the face. by the way, yesterday i tried to use some flexy, unfortunately with no luck (the pen was unable to have a grip on the strand, no matter how i tried). i wonder if wobbleworks will comment anything on the use of pla as it seems like a lot people are having isues with it...
i'm actually very disappointed of how you managed the kickstarter campaign. instead of offer your supporter and founder great deal at a great price, you just put us at the end of the line. how website like rapidonline.com got already in stock lots of pen and they sell it at much cheaper price (if you consider duty fees).... will think twice to back another kickstart project (i backed few in the past months) just wondering if is usual like this or it was just you guys.... very disappointed considering that the pen that i will receive it may not work properly (!) think
ask that mailed out
just got m< 3doodler 2.0. i have backed this project with 85 usd  plus 15 usd für shipping - 100 usd (app. € 87,63 (15.05.2015)). now i have paid via cash € 46,05 additionally for custom fees. bloody axe! that's more than 50%. what value of goods has your shipper indicated that i have to pay such high customs duties?
@people moaning about customs charges - this is nothing to do with wobbleworks/3doodler or even the carrier (dhl/skynet etc). it is mainly tax (vat in the case of the eu) that is charged by the government on all retail products that are purchased outside of the eu which is the case for these items. there is nothing the creator or the carrier can do to prevent  you paying vat or local taxes without them breaking the law. the remainder of the charge is a handling charge which is set out by local customs and the carrier for the paperwork and document checking etc... yes it can be a little much but its the way its always been for higher value items coming in that were paid for outside of the eu. certainly dont give wobbleworks grief over it!
@laura jayne milkman -  it takes some practice before you are able to start knocking out masterpieces. its a very alien unit to use if you haven't worked with 3d tools and/or molten plastics before. hang in there and you will get it. make sure you watch alot of instruction videos (both official and ones that users have made on youtube etc...) as you will pick up alot of hints. i have both the v1 and v2 pens and the v2 is far far better and easier to use in most cases. there are a few things you need to get used to on the v2, but no where near as many issues as the original v1 had.
i have been using pla okay. i had some issues with the pla feeding through the pen, but worked throughit.  abs is easier though.  i am still getting used to the pen.  i have not tried the different nozzles because i only had 30 minutes here and 30 minutes there. i am kind of worried that i might break the tip since others have had that issue. will have to soon though.
also has anyone done successful stuff with the 2.0 and is there a 2.0 who originally used the first pen? which is better?
well so far i tried it with pla, noticed the drawing is not easy as i hoped to be and was just getting a mess but then after a while the strand wouldn't flow. i kept consitantly maintaining and always ended up with a small flow then stopped...my second strand didn't reverse properly but finally manage to get it out but dread to try again and experience lack of melting! will try again over weekend but not impressed as of yet :(
wondering which group have been ship. i contribute in $130 group and estimate for april delivery.
please 3doodler, i need the invoice to give to mexican custums and dhl, is anyone ever going to answer or what? please advise i have a ticket in your systema and no response has been given, please contact me so that i can finish with this issue.
i tried switching to pla, and it broke my ability to use abs. so back to pla but on the abs setting to clear the nozzle and my pla starts flowing. it comes out very soft and inconsistent but it flows. still waiting to hear back from customer service. skyped last week monday, and last email was last wednesday. no words since :( maybe they are preparing an update?
for any backer that is dealing with skynet, i received my pen yesterday ( wednesday) after paying their invoice on saturday via bank transfer. seems to take a few days to go through and update on the tracking info.
well, i can't, for the life of me, use pla sticks. they simply won't melt and i'm ready to give up on pla because, honestly, the construction of the device doesn't give me confidence enough to mess around with it. as ding said, if your pen is working fine with abs, don't even bother with pla (it's sad, i know). i wonder if there's anyone using pla and changing from pla to abs succesfully.
hi, i was wondering if maplins were your only retailer in the uk? it's just they don't have the full range of plastics and i wanted a particually colour.
yeah, like a lot of backers on here i got hit with a £30 customs charge by dhl, i even had to use my dad's card to pay the charge because i had to pay with a credit card (which i don't have), why couldn't i just pay with my debit card? :p i'm just hoping we don't all get charged customs when our jetpacks arrive.
my pen has arrived! finally, will give it a try later and pass on my thoughts..
i have not received an mail about my doodler being shipped (normal version/package). i thought at this time that for every one whos backed the normal package the doodled is shipped.
i've try the pen the first time with abs yesterday. after i use about 20% of the abs, the two button become very slow and jammed. i have followed the instruction to clean the pen, but can not fix it. the plastic can't come out anymore, how can i fix it?
@cyborgmanlibre, i think the pen itself is a great tool. the problem lies in the manufacturing. i own both the original and the new one and the new one is much better than the original. however there is a glitch in the pen with regards to the pla or the pen not feeding. which is an major issue that i believe wobble works needs to address now before it gets worse. wobble works has exchanged my pen twice.  so they are doing their best. but they shouldn't be having this many people complaining about issues with the pen especially since it's the same issue with the pen. they need to really lay into their manufacturer and make sure this issue is corrected
@bgfilly: thanks, i hope you are right, but seriously i cant understand some very hard mistakes they have did...the quality is similar and worse than a cheap toys store, actually a silicon pistol is more efficient with the silicon and with out blending the material when you dont click the button... trying to get harder profits, more benefits are risking everything they have achieved
cyborgmanlibre, i got a response very quickly from them. i had no problems contacting them at all. but i think now that most people are getting their pens they may be more bogged down. give them a bit of time they will respond.
i am the only one wnho feels this comments and the issues sent to the email of 3doodler service is like talk at the churchill with god?  all we feel a littler better after express our opinion but... who the hell is listening us?  as i see the only ones who read is other backer who share similar opinion or just want answer to you...  so please dont let us think that it is actually a joke and the real doodler 2.0 is still uderconstruction and will come solid and in perfect conditions in june.... cause if you said that i really paid for that, the lix pen would have been cheaper and better quality.... dont make i and many other want to return to the past and dont pledge...
i'm getting charged import tax for too $26 - never had this problem with other items. is this because £d doodler used a handling agent? they want and additional $14 admin fee for sending the invoice!!
i have not received an email recently and still don't have a 3doodler. i'm in the u.s. i did the survey and everything. ideas?
@creator i have the same issue as kay bay and have received an invoice for £32. not very happy as postage was included in campaign cost, surely you researched delivery costs before adding the delivery costs. :o(
@creator hi i have the ticket 16327 from 7 of may open but nobody answered me what i have to do the pen it's doesn't work. now the motor seems really slow and no grip of sticks. why you didn't answered ? maybe somebody sued you ? i hope to hear something from you soon.!!! at this point i'm disappointed of the customer service. it's impossible to have something that it's only function for one week. it's no only me here maybe you have to send us new pen with no issue i'm sure it's something wrong in the production factory. i repeat i hope you resolve my issue soon take care michele & sandra
$40 (£26.10) uk import tax and handling has rather taken the shine off the being a "backer" it will most likely mean that i will pay more than the uk rrp in the end. at the moment it is still stuck with the shippers/customs !
==========================important tips for whoever just got the pen============= play with abs only and avoid pla   :d   :d   :d ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- i got my pen and been working with abs, use up one strand and reload another, absolutely no problem so far.  not dare to use pla and flex as there are way too many people had problem with pla
hello, my shipment is returned back to you because you shipped through the postal service which delivers only through pobox. and my address doesn't include a p o box !  i have paid $32 for shipping and you send it through the cheapest service which failed to deliver to my address. you can deliver through dhl services with less than $32 !! i already submitted a complaint 3 days back with no response ! i hope i get this rectified soon or get a complete refund
imogen, judging from past comments you have to call skynet and pay the duties and fees before it is delivered to you.
i have just figured out that the consignment number that skynet sent me was doubled up, and have checked to see the status. apparently it arrived in london on the 2nd of may, yet i have not recieved it, despite 11 days passing since this date. the status is 'documentation prepared', with no 'booking arranged' showing up. should i be worried about this? can i expect it to be delivered soon? i have received no information. what should i do?
have any other bling bling backers received their pens yet? if so what are your thoughts cause i'm nosey hehe thanks :)
finally got through! after being redirected the first time straight to an answer machine and me shouting over answer machine and then finally getting another redirect on my second call i manage to make my payment of £26 but then had to pay an extra £1 for paying by card? how else would i pay! i am sort of worried about using my pen now, after seeing so much fantastic creations from the first pen and looking as its easy to use i was hoping 2nd one would get same appreciation but i am seeing a lot of complaints on here
i should add that of the £26.10 it is a £9 admin share by skynet for having to ask for the £17.10 uk import vat
same here a strange invoice arrive from "skynet" £26.10 of customs charge to release the pen. the second kickstarter to end up with this issue. don't remember the problem with the 1st pen.
i'm a bit upset with regards to the shipping - i received an email stating it was at a depot, with a consignment number that didn't work awaiting payment for customs clearance that i wasn't informed of. it was only when i came and read these comments that i discovered that: a) the consignment number may be doubled up - ie 12341234 - i entered 1234 and it worked, sat waiting in london from 2nd may b) i have to pay customs charge; contacted the company and paid £31.31 by bacs. my daughter's birthday is on friday, hopefully this will be delivered (and working)...
yesterday i received my 3doodler. it was very exiting, but then things went wrong. i managed only to use a few centimetres of pla because it got jammed up. i followed the instructions to remove the nozzle with its tool and the nozzle broke very easily. there seems to be a problem in the design and the result is a poor quality product. apparently i am not the only one who has suffered the same issue. i hope wobbleworks will review the situation and provide us with a new 3doodler.
hi, i received it yesterday. then i started to do some creations, but there was a problem, plastic was floving not only from the nozzle hole, floving also backside of nozzle. then i stopped and tried to put out nozzle with nozzle removal tool. but nozzle easily broke with its part in doodle :(( and there is no way to fix it. i'm very sad about it. it seems not a really high quality product. i wait 5 months for it but it's broke in 5 minutes :(
hi all, i received my 3doodler yesterday, thank you very much for the product. however we are having lots of problems loading the device and it isnt feeding very well. it goes ok for awhile but then stops. we have taken off the jam cover and it looks like the plastic is not being guided into the final hole correctly and the spare jam cover doesnt fit. i am not sure if because the jam cover isnt guiding the plastic down far enough this may also be causing the plastic to not get grabbed by the spiral. hopefully this can just be fixed with a new jam cover, how do i get hold of one (or two) of these? thank you very much.
al, i'm not blaming the country of china. i own many products made in china. however, the problem here is cutting of costs. when things are made over seas, materials aren't always up to par, corners are cut and that means things aren't always made as they should be. i'm an avid apple user and i've had plenty of issues with their products over the years. i seem to have better luck with products made in the us. just my personal experience. i agree that i think further testing should have been done on the pen to assure quality. the pen itself looks great. its internal components seem to be less than standard. considering they had pla issues in their test batch of pens this should have really been scrutinized prior to releasing the pens for full manufacture. wobbleworks is a fairly new up incoming company end they're experiencing some growing pains. i don't fault them completely. as the do their best to repair pens and/or send out replacements. but i do think they should really get on top of their manufacturers tho. and maybe revisit the pens design to see why so many proper are having the same issues.
.... and also, i now worry that although customer service has been responsive so far we kickstarter backers will fall to the wayside as they now have to start handling issues with their retail sales.
@bgfilly i have to ask... who designed this device, chose where to have it built (undoubtedly for less cost to make), was responsible for overseeing the production and then pre-testing? and.... you feel the mechanical problems we are having with the pen is the fault of the country of china???? wobbleworks is the manufacturer of this....
i don't believe that having it manufactured in the us would make any difference other than increase the cost. the reason it's made in china is that it's cheaper to produce. the product could be built anywhere, it doesn't matter. what matters here is the product they've built. i remember reading about the iphone for example. that's an american product that's built in china. they said it would cost around $2000 for it, rather than how much it costs now. i believe the sony playstation 4 is built in china too, even if it's a japanese company. both apple and sony make high quality products, it doesn't matter if they're built in china, it matters on the products being created. having said that, i do believe there are some design flaws with the 3doodler 2.0. i love the size, and really like the possibilities that can be created. it just doesn't work quite as well as it should. loads of people who have been receiving their pen have been having problems, varying from completely faulty to minor issues. this is to be expected with products, but i think it's a bit higher than it should be leaving me to believe there are some design flaws. i too have the same issues with pla vs abs. abs works great. i don't have any issues at all. it comes out without a problem and i'm able to stop and pick it up again after a few seconds or even minutes. when it comes to pla though, if i pause, i can forget about trying to start again. i have to reverse, pull out the plastic and then cut the end to start again. every time. i thought it may have just been my pen, but once i read others having problems with it like that, i started to think its just a flaw. i'm still extremely happy with it, and i've had lots of fun making random items. if i decide to buy more plastic later, it will only be abs and not pla.
its hard to make the doodler stop extruding plastic when you select stop to draw... when the motor is stopped i dont know how and why but the plastic continue dropping fron the nozzle. and yess i have configurated the temperature gradually to check if it was a problem of adjusting the temperature, but it doesnt matter it continues dropping (only pla, i did not have tryed abs yet)
i have not had any issuesas of yet, but i agree totally with @bgfilly.. i would definitely pay more for the pen being manufactured in the us. when i heard it was being manufactured in china, my hopes and expectations plummeted greatly. nothing against china, but i definitely think twice about purchasing something manufactured in bulk in china.
update> well after leaving my really positive comments of yesterday on how well my replacement pen was working sadly it has now stopped working as well. now no matter what i do it won't feed the plastic unless i force it along. very disappointing and frustrating since it was so much fun when working!! good luck to everyone... al
i'm on my 3rd pen. the first one the on off button stopped working. the second was damaged during shipping and was obscenely loud. this third one...well it works sporadically. i too am having trouble with the device clogging up repeatedly. when it works it works great. when it doesn't it sucks. while wobbleworks has been more than helpful and have exchanged the pen twice now the issues with the pen are are too much. i have no issues with wobbleworks or how they've handled things my issues now lie with the pen. this is one of my favorite tools. it has been since version one. now,  i even love having a smaller pen despite the issues. but to have to exchange the pen twice within a matter of days is horrible. now the issue obviously lies within the manufacturing it isn't perfected.  my suggestion would be move your manufacturing to the united states. i always hesitate to buy something that is "made in china" because of the cheap way things are made. but i gave in with this and a few other 3d pens because i believe this is auseful tool to have. as a mixed media artist this thing, when it works, is awesome! in all honesty i would rather pay 150-180 for this device and have it be made well and durable and long lasting then to pay the 99.99 and continue to have issues with it. i'm seeing a lot of the same issues. pla not working, easy jamming, pen not extruding at all, the tip easily breaking off. these are the issues that wobbleworks needs to take up with the manufacturer. these are issues that are unacceptable. yes i believe in wobbleworks as they have been nothing but helpful, and yes i believe in this device. but there's issues that need to be taken up with the manufacturer here.
i got the family pack and dhl & customs tells me that not all of the plastic pack come in my package how can i solve this, and get whats missing with my jetpack? i urgently need a proforma invoice to present customs can you helpme?
uk backers need to track there shipment on the skynet website not the toll website. its the same tracking number so if you call and give them that tracking number you can pay on the phone that way rather than waiting for an invoice. i didnt get an invoice. has anyone managed to make anything at all with pla? are some of them just dud? still not tried changing the maintenance cover yet i got very impatient whilst trying earlier today so will be trying again tomorrow x
jet packs are shipped at a later date and all shipping and customs for the jet packs are handled by wobbleworks
for the two martins regarding uk shipments. read further down in the comments and you'll see your answer. you need to get in touch with the company and pay the vat charge. i did that and they sent it the following day. you'll get an invoice sent to you if you wait.
i was contacted by dhl and they need a proforma invoice ans a techical spec sheet for the 3doodler in spanish, can you please contact me so that we can get it out of customa and into my hands, did the jetpack get shipped with the order in the order packing list i do not see it listed, can you confirm.
same issue ... abs works beautifully !!! clean it all up & switch to pla .. works for a min or so ... and then stops .. comes out at a snails pace regardless of which speed i use ... or stops completely ... help !!!!!
i have the same issue as martin, tracking no 218732773416 please advise?
uk backers... my 3doodler tracking via the toll site shows the parcel arriving in london on the 2nd of may, then it just seems to disappear.... seems odd that there is no more info 12 days later. any advice?
thank you @sally i tried turning up the heat and it comes out but very very slowly, great if i want to doodle loads of dots. i tried unclogging it, i will change out the maintenance cover and see if that helps. thank you. i did give it another try but i am tempted to just use abs because i am getting really frustrated with the pla and i dont want to break it by keep opening the cover. x
tech support has been very busy. only advice i can give is to make sure you ticket is labeled as customer service, not general. i got a response quickly at first. but last i heard, waiting on a shipment of replacements before one can be shipped to me. waiting is tough.
so i got my 3-d doodler and within the first day the tip broke off now i can't screw any nozzles back on and tech-support won't get back to me???
@jamie, i don't know if you have had a chance to read through the comments here but a few of us have similar problems with the pla and have discussed different things people have been trying. i've exchanged several messages with tech support and the recommendations have included changing out the maintenance hatch cover (the design on the second one is slightly different) and now turning up the temperature on the pla setting (haven't had time to try that one yet). it's probably worth starting a ticket with tech support, just need to be patient as they seem to be quite busy. good luck.
so matterhackers in southern california just announced that they are selling v2.0!  interesting how i invested yet my investment reward has yet to be received while in the meantime the product is now available via retail outlets. this is bad form!
so annoyed that i now have to pay £26.10 in import duty's to skynet for what? and got no choice, hope everything's there and hope it actually works. disappointing. especially because i could have gotten one in shops for cheaper. wow. where's the quality for money. jeez.
well i finally got my pen.  postage was a nightmare, there were no additional postage instructions on the parcel which i had specifically included with my details, so we ended up going to the depot and collecting ourselves.  everything was packaged lovely and the pen looks great. first try with abs everything worked as we had hoped and it was all going great until we tried changing to pla, i cleaned e pen out o make sure no abs was left in at all. put the pla in and it would not feed through! i reversed the rod and it was all mangled at the end but not melted at all! cleaned it out and started again with a new rod, i managed to get the tiniest bit through after around 15mins on continuous flow. i reversed it out again and this time the top cover (where you plug the power cable in) snapped off! luckily it clipped back on fine. frustrated with pla i went back to abs which is working perfectly. if anyone has any advice on getting the pla to work i would appreciate it or i have a lo of plastic i can't use.  thank you in advance xxx
@aaron, yeah every time i see skynet, i think of the terminator. :-)
dhl in portugal want me to pay 90€ for delivering the pen to my door... i am really considering not to pick up the package...
correction: abs flows better than pla as it's thicker and is it just me or does sky net sound like the evil corporation from terminator.
@andy insanity beer or anyone else can help that has managed to get through skynet. what details would i need to provide to make this quicker and easier for me? i haven't got an invoice sent to me yet you see..
@craigsmith: yeah there's import duty that needs to be paid to sky net in my case before they'll ship your pen to you. my pen is a bit temperamental though, managed to make the mocking jay which ended up looking like a flying fish. the flow of the plastics both abs and pla is quite inconsistent and slow at times. sometimes i need to force feed the pen to get stuff out of the nozzle. it's a bit of a hassle. really thought this was gonna be smoother than it really is. i also find that the pen looses performance ever so quickly
just tried mine. the first time it worked ok and i removed the plastic as per the instructions. the second time, the new strand would not work at all. again back to the instructions, removed the maintenance cover only to find the metal 'clamp' part that guides the strand into the pen nozzle has is broken. i guess that is why the set comes with an extra maintenance cover? it should not break on the first opening and only two days after i received it. i haven't opened the second 3doodler yet, not sure if i want to now.
well, i've just received my accesorize pack (after paying 48 € to cover customs expenses). so far everything looks good. since i'm at work i didn't have much time to test it, but i just messed around a little bit with it and it works as expected. tested it with abs, the pen had a nice grip on the strand, for one moment i thought that the thing was about to explode because it was constantly loading the strand and nothing came out of the tip, but then it extruded some transparent plastic (rests of the factory qc testing i assume) and then the with strand i had loaded started to flow nicely. one newbie advice: do not attempt to re-load a strand once you have started to unload it by pressing both buttons. after testing the pen for a couple of minutes (about half of a strand) i was ready to put everything back to it box to continue at home, so i started un-loading the strand. when i was half the process of unloading, a work mate came to my office and saw me tinkering with the pen and inmediatly recognized it as something that he saw on youtube, so i started re-loading the strand just to show him how it worked. that was a mistake. the strand did not load again and nothing came out of the nozzle (despite i was pushing and twisting it). i was afraid i had jammed the pen or even broke it, luckily i just un-loaded the strand, trimmed the half melted part and re-loaded it and the pen started working again nicely. i need to test it more deeply and see if it works fine for a few days (also, test pla, wich is something i'm a little scared of considering some of the comments here), but so far i have a positive impression of the pen. it's a shame the fact that getting this device trough retailers is a faster and cheaper option now. that, and how the shipping is being handled, are the only negative points of this campaing.
hi guys. i've just received my 3d doodler 2.0, haven't tried it just yet. the only problem is that jetpack is missing ! could you let me know why it wasn't shipped even if i've paid for it ? also paid €46.02 for import tax.
@sandra i have the same problem. yesterday i turned the temperature up and it seems to be less of a problem. maybe the temperature is to lo on some pens? now my is on max. the gear or the temp is at fault?
similar issue, iv'e just got a bill for £26.10 for import tax. has anyone heard anything about this being a mistake?
hi there, a bit mystified about something ... i backed the pen because i thought it was a great idea, and thus i would be able to get the pen before it appeared and also at a reduced price for backing the project. my pen is now waiting for me to pay customs duty, and after adding that on as well as shipping, imagine my surprise to see it in maplins in the uk ... not only before i received my pen, but also cheaper than the total i could end up paying ... surely there is something wrong with this scenario ?? ....
@jilpi: really thanks i enjoyed your comment =). actually i am already dissapointed with my goberment full of thief ...but this is other topic xd. thanks also for sharing to me the information that i didnt know about changing the information could be illegal, now my question is how del hell there are some many companyes doing illegal things and they are never catched xd? i am not really dissapointed, but how they do since many years ago? ...thanks any time =).
@creator, alexandre. hi apparently i think i have the same issue. less of half stick and then it's blocked. i have tried to open the maintenance cover but inside everything it's ok. seems like the main gear it's doesn't have sufficient grip to move all the stick. the first week was ok but now no way. i have a support ticket number #16327 but nobody since last week answered me. i hope the team help me soon or maybe send me a replacement. if somebody has the same issue please post a comment here.  thanks
anyone having problems contacting skynet london try calling them on 02085381926.  the number is listed on the invoice as their fax number, but it was answers by customer services almost instantly and they sorted everything out straight away. it looks like it takes 3 working days for bank transfers to go through, but once the money is in their bank the goods are sent out straight away.
hi everyone i keep wasting a half stick everytime i insert a new one juste to get the flow going. anyone has the same issue ?  have you tried to use rolls instead of sticks ? that would solve my issueissue.
and in perth, western australia the first part of my double power doodler has just turned up. thank you!
3doodler arrived to me who was in japan yesterday. however, i should have had originally arrived last thursday. as for the reason why arrival became on monday, "documentation illegible. shipment requires a complete commercial invoice." is (i confirmed it in a site of fedex). therefore, it entered the weekend without being able to perform customs immediately, and delivery became early next week.  i want you to perform the shipment work better.
@cyborgmanlibre, i'm just a customer like you, and understand that you are unhappy if you had to pay for something you didn't expect. but don't feel too bad about it. wooblework has the legal obligation to declare the true value of goods when they export. they don't really have a choice. also, writing "gift" on a package won't change anything at all. customs are aware of this kind of "tricks" and won't give any credit to this kind of declaration. it is the same for everybody everywhere in the world: the importer (= you!) is always responsible to pay for taxes and duties imposed by their government. trying to escape from it by making fake declarations is actually an offence... if you feel that the vat/duties are too high, better to complain to your government than to wobbleworks :-)
@alexander --i think the jetpacks are being sent out later to everyone who backed them.  they had to go through more testing (?)
@jordi xucla:   pues da gracias de que solo te saliera 19€, pues aqui en canarias me salen 80€ mediante dhl.... realmente me salia mas barato comprarme una impresora 3d directamente, o incluso coger un avion e ir a buscarlo a la peninsula.... no me explico como no se las ingeniaron para que no cobren las tasas de aduana, tan solo tenian que poner en la descripcion de la caja que era un regalo y que no costaba mas de 20€ ... pero van i ponen los 299$ ... realmente inusual...cualquiera que tienen un poco de experiencia sabe que pueden ahorrarse esos aranceles .... tengo la sensacion de que les importaba poco que tengamos una cierta gratificacion por haber ahorrado en el producto, pues junto con el coste del envio y los aranceles me sale mas caro que haber esperado a comprarlo en tienda cuando lo comercializen ... totalmente inconforme con las estrategia de envios, una verdadera verguenza para haber llegado a alcanzar 1 millon y medio de dolares... hasta proyectos de 50.000 dolares que he financiado en kickstarter saben gestionar mejor los envios.
got mine. loving it so far. the templates are a nice touch. thanks guys!
i am sorry, but seems to be the 2 mails i wrote are goingt to be respond so late so i need to communicate with someone by this way... i cant really understood how is possible i have to pay 80 € of taxes... this is near 1/3 for the 2 doodlers i paid... it is actually near 1 doodler pen prize... i know taxes is a percent of the "import" as the label of the package information says... but really you didnt think about write in the custominformation something like:  gift - 20€ valued?  no one cares if this gift and 20€ is so cheap... the thing is that i pledged and payd the transport... so the minimun consideration from you is think in the way of the client happiness... what do you think i feel paying 80€ taxes????????  i apologize of my comment, but seriously i think you are a bit ammateur about sending packages... is the first rule to put a lower price and gift.... i feel really cheated and stolen by the postal service (aduanas). sorry for my english.
al pavlak thanks i'll give it another go
just received my bling bling pen, i still haven't tried it but i have opened it and it feels great on my hands, can't wait to start creating 3d objects.
well the review is in on the replacement pen. i took it on a family camping trip over the weekend. it worked just as i had hoped for. the grand kids and friends had a blast. we went through most every piece of plastic it came with. and, they came up with some really creative work. if anyone is having problems talk to customer service and hang in there. i love the idea of having a window in the maintenance cover hieko suggested. anyway, out of five stars, forgetting the prior problems with the first one, i give it a 5 1/2. very fun to play with... al
@dat gizzle: i got through on the 02085381988 number, but they are only there monday to friday, 9 - 5. any other time i tried to call i got a busy tone.
i've tried to reach sky net on the 2 numbers: +44 (0) 20 8538 1988 and (0044) - 020 85381900 and i always get a busy tone.  anyone have another number from them? this is very frustrating,
i've tried to reach sky net on the 2 numbers: +44 (0) 20 8538 1988 and (0044) - 020 85381900 and i always get a busy tone.  anyone have another number from them? this is very frustrating,
i've tried to reach sky net on the 2 numbers: +44 (0) 20 8538 1988 and (0044) - 020 85381900 and i always get a busy tone.  anyone have another number from them? this is very frustrating,
have received the package yesterday, no jetpack included, even though i paid for it...
@rebecca king doesn't really help the people who has no time to ring the company. when they say hong kong people its not wobbleworks, i would assume its the manufacturers wobblework is using to create their pens..
@sheila goodman i had exactly the same problem. i hope we both hear back.
i have solved the mystery with skynet! just spoken and paid, they said that they were not expecting so many at once, they had over 700 on one flight. and because of this they don't have the manpower to contact everyone individually. so they told the hong kong people (i'm assuming he meant wobbleworks?) that they would send out invoices but his would take a while and everyone would need to ring up individually to pay.  hope that clears it up for everyone. looking forward to getting mine on wed now and just hope it all works ok!
got my doodler! woot!
got my doodler! woot!
thin is interesting, i can get a 2.0 faster in belgium and when i add everything i receive with the powerpack .... it would cost me 20% less at least! (depending how much i get charged of taxes for the battery). what a joke guys! i took this for a friend and i now realise i could have spared the hassles especially in case it has problems (a shop i guess would be easier to talk to).
nozzle broke after second removal. this is very poorly constructed in terms of quality.
mine is not working, probably defective...have been trying to get an answer from client service all a week now but cannot get an answer...really poor service, construction, material, everything. really disappointing.
just got mine this morning and has been no problem at all, hooray! just wondering if it's bad to have fun with it during pregnancy? i could smell quite strong melting plastic and not should if i should continue let my wife doodling. she's so excited with it since it arrived.
guys i can't deal with this i can only ring them during my lunch break and so far  first time: got a busy line 2nd time: got an answer but then redirected to someone else but never went through hung up on me 3rd time: just kept ringing then hung up! i work every day and this is fustrating i can't waste my work hours trying to get in contact with courier :(
@jochen  thanks for the advice :-) i have cleaned and tried all off it and the problem is the same. @andreas we have the exact same problem.  the result is a useless doodler.
the people at skynet decided to drop half of the address and the company name, so my letter arrived a while ago (why not an email? no idea) and has been going around other companies in the same building for a while before finally reaching me.
@jochen thanks for the advise, but i already tried this... as long as i am pushing material comes out, if i stop 5 seconds later it stops... it seems like the extruder doesn´t grip the strand. i already cleaned the nozzle and the tube as well tried different materials, no improvement.
paid skynet ltd thursday evening by bacs.  i've not had any response from them yet, and the package doesn't seem to have been released.  hopefully i hear/see something from them soon.
@ole and andreas, at first i had a similar problem, but i managed to get it to work by doing the following: switch on to abs setting (blue) wait for a minute for the light to change and then wait a little longer so it is fully heated. take 1 abs strand in a colour you don't like and feed it in, gently push it with a finger while feeding through. keep pushing the strand a little untill you see stuff coming out of the nozzle. keep pushing until you see the colour of the strand you are feeding into it. it should now keep doodling easily with abs. when you switch to pla i found it helps to do this as well, on the abs setting, just push the pla strand with a finger untill the right colour comes out, switch to pla setting and doodle away.
@ole i am having the same issues... i hope they respond soon
i got my doodler and i'm very disappointed with the product. i cant get i t to work properly and wobbleworks wont reply to my emails. the worst thing is that this was a gift for my 8 year old daughter. i think this will be my last kickstarter backing. the problem with the pen is that it wont feed the strand. i have tried everything from the manual.  it simply does not work as it is suppose to.
@yuchun. at this point, after testing 3doodler for first time, i'm quite satisfied with the gadget. of course, i'll need much more practice to use it to is full potential, as an example this is a picture of my first strand (abs) burnt, only doodling:) https://drive.google.com/file/d/1anl7mvrgylm5dfycj1uz-9lq3papfe-urw/view… reading the manuals and watching videos help a lot!
i need help my 3doodler is defective and broken here is the report http://3doodler.kayako.com/tickets/ticket/update/15940 . the nozzle holder broke right off when i swapped the tip and it has been working terribly since i got it hope i can get help.
@heiko misselwilz: thank you so much. i'll try to do it again.
@freddie luff: there seems to be two ways to pay skynet. 1. give them a call and they will eventually put you through to the right department and you can pay over the phone with your card details, or 2. go to your bank and make a bank transfer to skynet's account using the invoice that they send you. i went with option 2 on saturday so i wonder how long it will take for them to release my package.
my package is at skynwt london but i don't know how to pay the duties? can someone help me out as wobble works sure aren't going to answer. thanks
@mickie riley thanks! this at least can stop me from selling it :d
update: i finally found one video that showed also the clear plastic coming out. seems to be normal. this should be mentioned in the manual! if not people worry for no reason. there should be more tutorials .... i seem to do something wrong ... at this point i am just too stupid to use the device the correct way. from feeding new strands over extracting the molten plastic till removing them again i seem to do it all wrong. i also would love to have:           tutorials:                       when to adjust the temperature and how to do it correctly (so that isn't too hot or cold).                       what to do when changing from abs to pla (i assume the other has less potential for trouble).                       when to use what nozzle.                       and probably more ... not about specific projects but about achieve certain effects further improvements (for v3.0 or 2.5 maybe?):             1. fixing the very minor error in the manual which currently says "deutsche" which would be correct if it would be "deutsche anleitung" (german manual, also not when used in a sentence "deutsche" should not be written in capital letters ... i just mention since it is different in english) but like it is written it just should say "deutsch" (german) 2.  all surfaces that come in contact with molten plastic (melting part, inside of the part on which the nozzle is screwed on, every thing of the nozzle except the screw part, same for the cleaning tool) mended to be a non sticky surface...like lotus effect or so. positive effects less dirty plastic. less resistance (means also less stress on the worm gear and the unmolten plastic) 3.  a window in the back which show the strand and how much is still in the device. (and also if the strand was catched by worm gear and how long it will take till it reaches the melting unit) 4. locking part of the pen for the maintenance hatch .. made from metal not plastic. (the hatch itself can still be plastic, though. if that wears out you just need a new hatch not a new pen) 5. the tiny metal piece that hold the hatch in place should be mended so it has no rough edges. also sides should be a bit flatter and rounder. 6. think about to make it that way that the backside (the whole plastic channel) can be opened. and in a way that be opened on continuous basis...  idea is instead of waiting hours to move the strand back by motor far enough to pull it out safely .. just open it and get it out fast.... less stress on the user and less stress worm gear ... less possible plastic wrapping around the worm gear ... even easier to clean .. in case something went wrong. 7. longer worm gear = less stress on plastic             8. feeding strand in a different way (to less is in the pen) there was something else i wanted to suggest but i just forgot. maybe i write an update later @ngan le i think i had the same trouble as you do now. 1st there is still some plastic (as it seems) in the device it is clear and really sticky even on abs (high). if the developer have done it right it should come out anyway. (in other words i havent tired to get it out on pla setting. 2nd make sure the pen is on the right temperature. pla might get too soft cause the worm gear to rip the part of thee strand that is gripping on abs will not melt if the wrong temperature is set. 3rd (my tip) double click slow then push the strand deep and firm in. hold the pen steady in a way that the strand is on the same height as a sharp edge (border of a sheet of paper) if it moves into the pen ... then you have feeded it correctly ... it still will take ages until it really reaches the meting unit, though. i do the trick with the sheet of paper because otherwise i can't see if or if not the strand is moving.
hi everyone, i received my pen 3 days ago. i tried to use it but i didn't see the plastic color come out from the pen. so, anyone know about this problem? also, i did follow the instruction but still it didn't work. please, help me! thank you
@all - for those who have missed the update and comments about this, we want to reiterate that jetpacks will ship in june, based on our estimates. no retailers and no backers have been sent these yet. all jetpacks will be sent at our cost, including taxes and duties. thanks for your patience.  for any specific inquiries, please direct them to the kickstarter messaging system, or help@the3doodler.com, as they are the fastest ways to reach us.
i didn't get the jet pack either. help!
@yuchun ding i am happy with my 3doodler.  yes it took me longer to get it than i expected, but when i realized they were shipping from hong kong, it made sense.  work has been crazy.  so i have made only a few small things, but hope to start on a bigger project soon.
last week i received mine, but i paid for the jetpack and it isn't in the package and also i didn't like the extra costs of duties and handling.
last week i received mine, but i paid for the jetpack and it isn't in the package and also i didn't like the extra costs of duties and handling.
last week i received mine, but i paid for the jetpack and it isn't in the package and also i didn't like the extra costs of duties and handling.
i've been reading all the comments and finally realised there are only three kinds of 3 doodler 2.0 backers :  1. backers who are frustrated with the shipping.  2. backers who are frustrated with the duty fee.  3. backers who are frustrated with the product.  i am now the 2nd kind and looks like i'm going to be the 3rd kind soon.  please tell me if anyone are so far still happy with the produce otherwise i will definitely sell it brand new on ebay i don't want to waste 100 quid
@dat gizzle  as other user in uk said before. you need to call skynet and pay the tax and other fees and then they will deliver it to you... someone pasted the number somewhere in here just search for it.
update two: i watched a few times the mockingjay clip (https://youtu.be/l2pwrdmulmw) and i doubt that i can draw like that ... as said fast speed doesn't work most of the time and if it does ... even with wider nozzles ... it doesn't come out nearly as fast as shown.... unless the biggest one (i lost) is used.
£31 import duty!!!
a few things i forgot: the smoothing tool is too tight to at the place it should (at the notch of the nozzles) and even bring i on half the way is only possible through sheer force. and since now i have read that some managed to break theirs off ... i am slightly concerned. strand comes very slowly ... sometimes faster sometimes slower ... when it comes out very slow it is too slow to draw in the air (not getting a constant string). i have hesitations to use high speed ... used it only a few times ... most of them the worm screw sheered the part which it grips on of strand off, leaving the device jammed. after stopping the extrusion ... actually a short while after stopping it ... the pen starts to excrete plastic up to one minute. it might be that the ominous plastic that came out in the beginning still clogging something inside. maybe someone didn't removed some leftovers from the production. i managed to make it working on paper, but every time i tried it in free air ... it was a catastrophe ... i barley managed to glue the 3 parts together i previously painted on paper ... drawing free in the air ... that is impossible (at least for me) not sure if it is just me or if my doodler not working correctly. since it practically jams at each strand at least once i am almost thinking it is the latter.
@dat the number given is repeated only use the first half of it. its sat at skynet waiting for tax payment, i'm afraid you'll have to give them a call to pay it and get it delivered, then you will have it on one day later.
@wobbleworks - i could try and play with the 3doodler. all things worked fine. so, i will start with the first project in the next days.  thank you very much for this great part of technology.
according to the tracking number my parcel arrived to london hub on the 2nd of may but i've yet to receive anything so far. on may 5th i got another email from a company called dpex worldwide (hk) ltd saying the following: your consignment from inspiring world limited (hong kong) is sending to london. you may track your order via skynet website at https://www.skynetworldwide.com/services/track-and-trace/ using your consignment number.  consignment number: 218732772845218732772845 the consignment number appears to be invalid . what's going on? the item is already selling in stores for basically the same price and i'm still waiting on my product which i've ordered and paid for ages ago. please advise as soon as possible
after doing the hb guy here the parcel arrived yesterday as express delivery. i eat a broom (including the stick)  if that was really was shipped at 14th of april 2015 as the invoice says. tax and fees was 38.95 € which is not too bad. overall what i got out of this campaign was a tud slightly cheaper than buying it at the store directly. but not worth the trouble. anyway yesterday was christmas ... too bad that i didn't had the chance to "play" with it ...  i just could unbox it. and i had an accident ... the way the nozzles are boxed ... well not the best way and i was clumsy, too. and they all flew all over the place... end of story one nozzle is still missing...the 1.5 mm one.  and i don't have any hope to find it. well... i also don't know if i ever would have needed it .. i doubt it. the 1st bad impression was that it had a seal which was cut and another seal was pasted over it ... i guess that was because of the extra strands. i also have to say that the overall impression of this device is that it looks cheap. there are place which could damages from a screw driver ... or the plastic was molded badly. the clearance of the parts are all over the place ... which concludes the bad impression. http://i.imgur.com/xujhesb.jpg http://i.imgur.com/y59qlvh.jpg another thing that it makes look bad is that the switch doesn't have designated places where it snaps in. today i started my 1st project. it seem i have difficulties with the equipment ... the power adapter  which has a really stiff cheap cable seems to get in the way all the time while loading the doodler. i tried abs as first and had a hard time because it didn't wanted to come out ... several tries later some really gooey clear plastic came out (what the heck was this?) i started with the abs ... because it had the color i liked least ... so best thing for practice. i had some trouble and decided to not practice any further but to start my real 1st project right away. remark: what i was making wasn't too big but i ran out of strands (of one color anyway) which i consider as minor flaw in this package ... well i ordered replacements from a german store a few minutes ago. http://i.imgur.com/4nuc9gr.jpg there are other design flaws in this device imho. one is that the strand is bend right before the transport mechanism ... putting stress on it and the transport parts. because of that i had several jams in which the worm gear sheered of parts of the strand and left it in a state in which i can't do anything else that open the device and cut the part of ... because of that i lost already about a half of those filament strands (in overall) and had to open the device about a dozen times. http://i.imgur.com/nktudkk.jpg http://i.imgur.com/7fejkx5.jpg the plastic brackets on the maintenance opening (the one that are fixed on the device)  already start to get loose (normal if you force a metal piece trough it again and again) which is another major design flaw imho (they should have been made out of metal). the worm gear also is imho not long enough ... i wasn't able to just add a new strand after the old ran out ... i always had to push out the rest with cleaning tool. and i am talking about the same color here. another flaw is that too much stays material in the device and sticks too all kinds of surfaces of the doodler. so that changing color also means either wasting half a strand of "dirty" color or excessive cleaning of a burning hot metal parts. http://i.imgur.com/dboorto.jpg the cleaning tool is also very hard to clean. when pushing out the last bits of stuff... which by far not means that the doodler is empty (still enough plastic left to cause trouble if you change colors)...  it is smeared all over the place with hot half molten plastic... which has to be removed while it still that hot because if you don't it will stick like crazy to it and even with a pincer it is hard to remove. full album: http://imgur.com/a/nkrej
still haven't received mine. so looking forward to it.
@creator. good hob. this is a wonderful piece of technology. took about half an hour or so to get used to it, and learn how to "weld" together, and how to draw with cleaner lines. it would be awesome if there could be some sort of online tutorial set up, showing various techniques, and tips. i think most of us would very much benefit, and love to learn more on how to use this amazingly incredible piece of technology. again... great job!
last week i received mine, but i paid for the jetpack and it isn't in the package and also i didn't like the extra costs of duties and handling.
last week i received mine. well packaged, and no issues with shipment, but i didn't like the extra costs of duties and handling. the product is quite nice. the feeding of filament took a bit longer than expected, but eventually the plastic appeared. hand drawing a simple flower took more filament than i thought (two strands) and took some time to find the right speed to stick the knots together, which left me with a small pile of access filament. nevertheless i had great fun on my first 3doodler experience. i intend to use it mainly for 3d printing afterwork and to entertain my relatives. thanks @wobbleworks for this successful campaign. much appreciation for your professionalism. many other kickstarters can learn from this!
i have two of version 1.0.  both of those no longer work, (plastic doesn't feed through, they heat up, so i can push on the end and feed it manually, but that is a pain) and i don't think i have an option to remove parts to fix them myself.  version 2.0 works a lot better, i'm really happy with the upgrade.  once the gears engage it feeds steadily instead of fits and starts, it goes for a long time, the double click function is amazing, and the reversing function takes the guesswork out of how fast to remove the plastic stick to get the most possible plastic out of the inside of the pen.  i haven't removed my maintanence hatch yet, but i'm glad i can if needed.  a much improved product.  i'm going to buy more plastic soon, and i will certainly back version 3.0 if such a thing is created.
ive not received my 3doodler 2 yet but was curious after reading all of the comments, do any of you have the original 3doodler and does it have all of these malfunctions? do you have to remove parts of that one too?  should have my 2.0 soon hopefully.
hello, today i received the 3doodler. i'm so happy.  the package took only three days from hong kong to my door. i'm a backer from germany. i had to pay value-added tax and some custom fees too, total 38 €.  i will try it in a quiet moment. thank you
i ordered this product for my daughter, who paid for it with her own allowance money.  she is 9 years old and desperately wants her pen, but every day she checks the mail and nothing is there.  how much longer will we have to wait?  we live in seattle, so customs should not be an issue.
hi @shakti, a few of us have had similar experiences with the pla as well as the cleaning tool, if you have time to read through the comments. i have contacted customer support by email and received some replies - i think they are really busy at the moment so i'm trying to be systematic about the testing (as i see you are) and patient about the timeline. for what it's worth, they suggested i change the maintenance hatch to the second one included in the box, which is apparently a slightly different design. this did help a bit with the pla feeding - i got some to go through (using a different nozzle) but it still stops feeding quite easily and the extrusion is inconsistent. i'm waiting on a reply to my last message to see if they have any further suggestions.
dear wobbleworks, since you obviously do not respond to messages sent by the kickstarter system, i guess it is better to make my comments public. i might have mentioned that backing this kickstarter was a heavily expensive affair on customs+duty front. that said, i was most willing to try this out. after having read so many backers having troubles with jams and maintenance, i decided to read through the manual throughly and also watched almost every single instructional video i could find before i proceeded to heat the unit and load it with the provided filament. day1: stats—1 strand used, used about 30-35 minutes.  verdict: things were smooth. once the light turned blue, i loaded the abs plastic strand and waited ~30-40 seconds for the plastic to melt and flow. it took me a while to adjust the speed to my desired taste and get a hang of it. in all the experience was great and the product worked as promised. after the strand was wholly sucked in (too small to be reversed), i loaded another one until the first one was exhausted. later, i reversed the remaining strand as much as possible and pulled it out with a gentle tug. snipped ends, turned off and let the thing cool down. day2: stats—frustrated and hopeless i decided to start with pla this time. turned the unit to green (low) and loaded a strand. so, nothing seemed to happen for over 10-12 minutes. it was obvious that there may have been some abs residue that wasn't melting at the pla melting point. on reversing the pla strand, a lot of it had melted but didn't come out. i followed the instructions, turned the light to blue and used the provided cleaning tool to push the residue out gently. it worked fine and the moment i thought i had removed the clogging, i find to my horror that the spring of the cleaning tool detached from the cleaning unit and got stuck inside. amazing use case for a minimal 2nd time use of a product i supported and paid a bomb to get it in my hands.  now the only option left was to ask for help but no one from wobbleworks replied for over 36 hours. with no choice, i decided to remove the maintenance cover which is in my opinion a terribly designed unit. its non intuitive and i am surprised to see just how many parts in this unit can break and render this thing utterly useless. the shiny aluminium body somehow hides the worst industrial design i have seen in a while. well, the rant aside i managed to pull out the spring and struggled to put back the maintenance cover and got the damn thing to work again. at the end of all this i was so frustrated that i had no motivation left to doodle for the day. so, thats my experience so far. the manual is filled with more ways to fix clogs and maintenance that i wonder just how many times am i supposed to open, clean, reverse. a well designed version 2 of a successfully backed kickstarter should have been more considerate towards letting the users focus on creating than worrying about the chores of maintenance this brings along with it. i usually maintain my tools really well and take care of it, but this does scare me. anyway, if any of you see that i am doing something wrong, please do not hesitate to point it out. hopefully, i get to use this more heavily over the weekend and see where this goes :)
you took a whole month to ship my accesorize order. i'm so disappointed.  </3
i just received my 3doodler today, without the jetpack. i certainly don't mind paying once for duties and fees. but i don't what to pay another $23 dollars to have a courier clear customs (canada.) i would suggest using regular mail instead of dhl to send out the jetpacks. regards, robo.
@cptblack i did that, but when putting the nozzle back on is when it broke.
@sheila you'll have to contact customer service for a replacement. make sure your pen is turned on and warm before trying to remove the nozzle. cooled plastic will act like glue and hold the nozzle on to the threaded opening.
i've had mine a couple of days now and originally i had the jamming problem but after opening the service hatch and looking, i think i found what may cause it, it may be the hole where the filament enters the heater its tight to the filament and has a sharp edge so it snags on the top piece and then the worm gear eventually erodes the plastic so it cant grip. an improvement for @wobbleworks would be to add a small chamfer to the heater inlet hole on the outward facing half to stop snagging. for anyone who has one that snags a lot to add a chamfer to the top of the plastic sticks before entering, doesn't have to be much like 0.5mm 60degrees. other than that it works great and hasn't stopped
does anyone had problems with the portuguese (or any eu) costumes? i've been asked for a bill to prove the purchase but i dont think i was given any.
got the doodler today opened the box and was a bit shocked at the bad quality of the injection molded parts! there's edge flanges on the plastic from the molding and some pieces are deformed. also the pen has scratch damage on the aluminium. none too happy about that. as an industrial designer i would have some stern words with my factory qc manager about this, really not acceptable on a $100,- product. don't have time to try it right now unfortunately, but if someone from wobbleworks wants to see the pictures they know where to find me, send a pm.
@laura don't bother calling tomorrow, they won't be there! just been told to wait until monday 9am to call after calling 4 times and getting through each time just to be disconnected at different stages through the conversation. the customer service is the worst i have experienced, they all go home at 5.30pm and obv cba to deal with me at 5pm..were probs playing with our 3doodlers in their office! not impressed at all with this choice of delivery company, we will be lucky to see our pens no matter they be in one piece!
ok so i just tried to change the tip on my pen and the little black piece that holds the nossle in broke off, what should i do im getting really unhappy
so i have to pay them extra fees now? so annoying!! however i thought it would end up happening. ill ring the number tomorrow, thanks jamie!
@manolis don't worry about toll global express, just deal with skynet. call the number i listed below for skynet, (same as in your email) and speak with someone. skynet will be delivering your package. @jamie webb glad to hear you've finally gotten through to pay. not the easiest company to deal with.
@manolis. wow. terrible that thy don't have a phone number! they do have the online forms you can fill out though. i hope someone gets back to you.
it seems i had another email from skynet in my spam folder as other users have described.
package is stuck in london since may 2. the delivery carrier toll global express asia has no contact number. i guess this is similar to the problem with skynet although i cannot contact tgx.
have finally got through and paid! should have it by tuesday so i will be staying in for the post. hopefully thats the last of the problems now.
i have got through to the main reception a few times and they have confirmed that they do have the parcel but when it comes to putting me through to someone else to pay, it cuts off or goes to answer phone. i have left a message that they have so far not replied to. really taints the whole excitement of it all. @jamie brigden glad you finally got yours now, have fun with it x
@laura jayne milkman and jamie webb. i received my package finally. my girlfriend knocked on the neighbors door and they had it. as for you both, make sure you're calling the correct number for skynet. i spoke with them on the phone this morning at 10am. 020 8538 1900. you both need to pay your vat charge of £26 or so before they'll send it to you. i've spoken with them on the phone a few times now and not had a problem getting through.
@jamie mine was sat there from the 2nd too, i managed to get through quite easily
sorry i think i have a big problem... i'm writing to italy, but my pen does not melt the plastic pla, if i remove it seems that it is not taken
@jamie i am still waiting for mine via skynet has been sitting in london since 02 may 15
just wondering if anyone in uk has received your order via skynet? ive still not been able to contact them and its been at the 'hub' since 2nd may, they have not contacted me at all. what happens if i don't get through to them? how long will they leave it and if it gets sent back am i going to get a refund? bitterly disappointed in the level of service provided by the delivery company and to the creator for not choosing a known reliable delivery company!
to all in the uk who have theirs shipped with skynet, be careful. they delivered mine yesterday, but i wasn't home. they left it with a neighbour, even though it doesn't say to do that. i'm at work currently so i can't check if the neighbour even has it, nor do i know my neighbour at all. absolute joke.
well, after contacting with which is supposed to be the spanish retailer (my3doodler.es), they said me that 3doodler will be available at the end of june, at 99,99€ including 2 paks of strands. and making a preorder they'll apply 15% discount. so, clearly the reward is really not such. for the same money of backing+customs+dhl i'd be able to buy about 8 more packs of strands... just a thought.
£30 in import fees from skynetworldwide (whom i've never heard of but like the name!). doesn't really feel worth it since we'll be able to buy them soon enough without import taxes/fees so in reality probably haven't saved anything by backing this. here's hoping the product works great though when i finally get it, still looking forward to it!
defective 3doodler. plastics won't load. have to open the maintenance hatch each time and manually load the plastic. when the plastic does come out it is in uneven intervals. when i let go of the button plastic continues to come out for at least 30 seconds.
@sally well i have changed the guide plate and the same thing happens...pla strand  just get kind of 'scraped off' at the threads thats pushing the plastics, so it couldn't grip the strand anymore
hi, i have just got my parcel!.  i'm from spain and i backed for the 3doodler 2.0 reward (pen, 5 plastics, strand, and plug ) and the final price was about 140€: near 100€ the product+shipping (at the currency exchange rate at the moment of backing) and the rest customs (22,29€ of iva) and dhl "managing" costs (18,15 €).  to be honest, i was fearing that the dhl managing costs would be higher but still 18,15€ is way expensive, imho. i'll wait for the retail price in europe (for the same package) when it finally launches to decide if this campaign was worth or not. but.... by the moment i'm quite impatient to go home and start using it with my children, cos i'm sure it will be great to make things with it. regards!
well... i've just received an sms from dhl confirming the delivery of my accesorize pack in the next days (probably tomorrow or monday) and asking me to have ready 47,86 € to cover customs fees. so, considering that i could directly purchase from on-line retailers at the same price and avoid customs, backing this campaign (this is my first kickstarter campaing) it's been a mistake. the almost 190 € i'm spending in the 3ddoodler2 to introduce myself in 3d printing technologies should have been invested in an entry-level 3d printer. the only thing i'm hoping for now is not to have any of the problems that some people are experiencing. the last thing i need now is to feel like i've wasted 190 €. by the way, i'm from spain, just in case some other spanish backer can find the information of my delivery and custom fees useful.
just want to when will the pen start delivery for edu pledge?
@sally thanks, will try that when free. ugh why kickstarter doesn't have reply functions like stackoverflow...
does anyone know is the pla plastic is supposed to extrude slower than abs? i know there have been a lot of complaints about pla not extruding and i'm having similar problems. when i pushed on the strand some will come out but it is uneven and often stops when you stop pushing on the strand. going to take another stab at it tomorrow and see if i have better luck.
@dario back while the campaign was still going i asked about duties and pledging. felt the same as you that i'm not purchasing. however wobbleworks responded that they had tried that with the first doodler and customs had denied it, so they are forced to treat it like an international import. so it was something that came up during campaign.
i'm very unhappy by how the shipping is being handled. i'm being imposed over 40$ cad of duty fees.  i know there's information on the subject at the present, but when i pledged, there wasn't any.  here in canada we pay an extra for shipping, and with this additional fee, it's just too expensive to be worth it. the reason this annoys me so much is because i never really "purchased" the 3doodler 2.0, neither has anyone here.  the way kickstarter works is; we pledge an amount and as a thank you for our support, we receive a reward. proof, one of your emails clearly stated: "response needed! get your reward for backing 3doodler 2.0" in other words, we paid 0$ for what we are receiving by mail, so it's unfair to be charged. i opened a ticket, no answer yet... i tweeted, i'm seeing replies to other people, but mien is being ignored. if i lose my package, i will fight for a full refund... this is your mistake, not mine. with all that said, if this does get fixed, i cannot wait to use it!
not happy with the product. at least didn't meet my expectation.  1. difficult to use. the stand didn't come out the first time i tried. thought it was jammed and try to clean it. something came out but it is odd since the pen is new. in theory, there should not be anything in there.  2. have to push the strand really hard in order for the strand to come out. it is extremely slow for the strand to go through gears.  3. the speed the strand is coming out is much slower than the video shows.   4. the stand kept coming out after i stopped it.  5. tried to remove the maintenance cover following the instruction, but i failed. i just cannot push the metal out to remove it. i felt like the money is wasted.
update> look at older post for details. received my replacement pen today and in a quick test out pla and abs seem to be working fine. would be nice to know what was wrong with the first one. i will give it a real workout and follow up with a full review....... thanks for the replacement.
@goldenegg it is dhl. my fees were 22.30$ much less than previous orders with them
the jetpack is coming separately. they provided an update on that a few weeks ago. i hope they don't use dhl to ship them to canada though. i can do without having to pay another $40 for their fees.
got it! haven't opened it yet though. so excited!!!
why didn't i get my jetpack
received mine in norway today. looking forward to playing with it:)
i received mine 3 days ago. expedit shipping the netherlands. i got my tracking number on time and was able to track the package. the 3doodler works fine.
any update on shipping information? will tracking numbers be emailed out when the doodler ships?
couldn't stand it anymore, looking at that package just wanting me to open it...everything there as expected, of course were waiting on the jet packs but that's coming soon. sorry for my impatient rants...:-)
i have had no information whatsoever regarding the whereabouts of my doodler.  no message from you, no tracking number, no courier's name. what is going on?
finally got my powerdoodler set!!!
@giovanni @tifany it was in an update, jetpackjetpacks intentionally left out because they are still working on them, they will be sent out later, at no extra shipping cost.
i have not opened the package yet, but my 3doodler arrived about 1 hour ago in grand rapids michigan...i was a powerdoodler backer.
i just received my 3doodler 2.0 (i'm in northeast ohio) and several items are missing from my order. i've been so patient, too. i didn't get any of the strands. i also didn't receive my strand stand, or my jetpack.. all of these items are listed on the invoice (with the exception of the jetpack), but weren't included. i emailed customer service, and i'm hoping they are able to help me out, asap.
my 3doodler just arrived (victoria, bc, canada). i'm very much looking forward to checking it out, but first i have a question about duties and such... as previously mentioned in one of your updates, there were duties (canadian taxes) to be paid (which is fine), but there was also a "brokerage fee" and a cod fee. this was an unpleasant surprise, but what's done is done... however, is there going to be another brokerage fee and cod charge when the jetpacks ship? i sincerely hope not, as that will be another unnecessary expensive to simply get the 3doodler a few weeks earlier. i definitely would have opted to receive all items at once to avoid these additional charges (as other ks campaigns provide the option to do).
we received our package yesterday. on the second 'creation' the pen jammed (using pla). we read the instructions, removed the nozzle, and successfully removed the jammed material. however we now cannot get the nozzle back on! the instructions say to let the pen cool slightly, then do a few twists, then let it get hot and tighten slightly more. however we cannot get the nozzle to attach at all. there do not seem to be any threads on the end of the pen for the nozzle to catch. is there a trick that the instructions do not mention?
hi, i've just received my doodle 2.0 but is missing the jetpack. can you please tell me why? what to do now?
@heiko - please check your kickstarter messages, we sent you your tracking information earlier today.   @kenny and sam (and anyone else)- we're sorry you are having difficulty with your 3doodler!  please email us at help@the3doodler.com for help, or send us a message via kickstarter if you prefer.  we're happy to get you going again. @halle - that's an awesome dragon!
ok so no word from the courier. got a tracker number so know it's 'in hub' since the 2nd but no word from them. so far have emailed and rung but call never went through and not had a reply to me email. i'm starting to get a bit annoyed now. i just want my 3doodler. i have a friends bday coming up and i wanted to make her something but don't know if i will have the time now. feeling very disappointed :(
@mickie riley i would be satisfied with a tracking number. they should be at least able to do that. about one month after they said they shipped it. from every information i have my one should have been send out in the first half of april... well it might they lost my number ... or just haven't it shipped it yet.
@waldek... it was recommended by 3doodler that you use the provided filament because it twist the filament on the inside of the pen, that's why the provided filament is a stick to prevent the filament from twisting and tangling.
does the 3doodler need to be on when you are adjusting the temp? how do you know if your adjustment is successful?
received mine a few weeks ago, so far pretty happy. going to use it with my students today.
hello, anyone of you use this filament ? http://www.amazon.com/ic3d-3mm-printer-filament-black/dp/b00dvovgyg
my pen's default noozle drop out after the first use and cannot put it back, is there any warrenty service in hong kong?
backed powerdoodler. yesterday, received email shipping notice that pkg was shipped on 5th hk time. dhl delivered earlier this eve on the 6th in california.
i have a concern with the product. and i'm not very happy with. can u send me and email so we can descuss the issue?
@halle t. awesome!  thank you for sharing. we haven't mastered pla yet but are looking forward to figuring it out. spring time here so abs can be done outside for now. :)
@heiko misselwitz we get the point, you're not happy.   i hope you get your pen soon.   @halle t.  i like your dragon.  this is my first 3doodler too and i haven't had a chance to really work with it yet.  i have made a few things, but nothing large.  i hope to get a chance tomorrow evening when i get home from work.  :)
oh, here are some inspirational pictures of a dragon i'm working on!  just know that when the pla starts working, it is 1,000,000,000x more fun to work with.  no smell and the colors are much richer. yes i've had problems with the pen.  i got the tip of the cleaning tool stuck inside.  but i was took excited about the pen to wait another few weeks to get a replacement.  got the jam out, and now the pen works fine.  it has some problems here and there (usually can be fixed by reversing the strand, cleaning out any remaining plastic, and putting the strand back in), but overall, i am very happy.  i can't wait for the third version to come out, and i will say that i'll probably back it!  i hope they fix the maintenance cover, because mine doesn't come off lol. here are the photos! http://oi58.tinypic.com/2moypft.jpg http://oi60.tinypic.com/32znguv.jpg http://oi61.tinypic.com/123xi1l.jpg obviously, it's not a masterpiece, but this is my first 3doodler.
feed the wire through the tip of the pen, not the back.  sorry about not adding that.
the whole abs/pla thing happened for me too, but now it's all worked out.  i think you have to start out with pla, instead of switching to it from abs.  and /make sure/ that any remaining abs in your pen is /out/ before you switch to pla, as the melting point for the latter is lower than the melting point for abs, so any abs left in the tip won't melt out if you try to switch to the lower heat setting for pla.  so maybe just run the cleaning tool through on the high heat setting to get any plastic out, then let your pen cool off.  try the pla after all plastic is out and you've let th epen cool off to sort of "reset" it.  if you think you have something stuck in the pen, take a 10 (?) gauge wire, and while the pen is still hot, unscrew the tip and feed it through the pen while pressing both buttons (to reverse the plastic.  this will get the wire through the gears).  you should have whatever plastic is stuck come out of the back after you've pushed the wire through.  be /careful/ because the wire itself gets very hot inside the pen, so when you pull it out, have something to put it on so you don't burn yourself.
@wouter i had the same exact issue. was able to doodle abs until i tried pla then they both didn't work. i contacted customer service and have arranged a replacement.
edit: hey fellas, i backed the powerdoodler package and was just wondering when i can expect it. your last update indicates that all but the edu package had been shipped.
hey fellas, i backed the gold package and was just wondering when i can expect it. your last update indicates that all but the edu package had been shipped.
@alex large off course they said there will be tax and custom fees.. that also is totally normal. but it makes a huge difference if it comes from hong kong or if it comes from the us. since it is a us company i (any many others) had assumed that it would be shipped from the us to costumers ... not from hong kong @eric for me it is same ... local store listed it. and i could buy it (haven't checked the extra which come with my kickstarter "reward" but) if i include tax and shipping it still would be cheaper ... and i would get it faster (its an online store but delivery would be here within two days) ... and i would know what is going on (like e.g. getting a tracking number) @rebecca king wobbleworks just shipped them ... without doing any paperwork (or so it seems) which will lead in worst case that the package stays in custom .. like forever .. until they are doe with it. @wobbleworks just a friendly reminder: if i don't find a tracking number by sunday in my mail. you can shove your "reward" up into your arse, and i want my money back.
i've got the 3doodler for a couple of days now. i started out with abs and that worked perfectly. i've made some great things. today i wanted to try pla for the first time. but the pla did not came out when i pushed either of the buttons. when i manually feeded the strand into the pen by pushing it, the pla did came out but only for a few seconds. i opened the hatch on the pen. i found out that the pla strand was bended and that the gears did not grip the pla firmly enough to feed it into the pen. then i remembered the tip that you guys gave in one of the vids, to turn the strand clockwise to feed it into the pen. confident that this would solve my problem, i pulled out the strand an tried to put the hatch back on. then the metal lid fell off. luckily you guys supplied us with an extra hatch, so i put the second one on. then i found out that the back cover of my pen also had also came off. luckily, i could just snap it back into place. i cut the last piece off the strand so that it would not cause any jams and put it back into the pen. but no results.. still no pla came out of the pen, no matter if i turned it or not. only when manually pushing it, pla came out. then i reversed the strand to get it out. still wanting to make some great doodles, i put in a fresh strand of abs. but this time, the abs also did not came out.. again only when manually pushing it, the abs comes out.. what can i do to solve this problem??
double powerdoodler just arrived in iowa!!  just doodled for 10 minutes!  can't wait until my son gets home from school so we can doodle together!
i got my powerdoodler set (in singapore) with ease!  just the jet pack not in the package. noted on your update on june shipment of the jet pack. thanks! i'm gonna try out soon! wheeeee!!
@dennis, since we have the same issue, i just wanted to let you know customer support did confirm that the spare maintenance hatch in the box is slightly different from the original one, and asked me to try it. i haven't managed to replace the metal bar yet so can't test whether changing the hatch has made a difference to the pla feed. might be worth a try for you too. please post if you get any other suggestions back from them. i know they're busy so i'm trying to be patient (but that dratted hatch! :p ).
i just got a message from dhl that i needed to pay the import tax, so i'm expecting mine here tomorrow or the day after. the excitement!
@rebecca king mine has been "arrived at hub" since 2 may, and has no sign of moving as well. it seems that we have to call them so they will arrange payment. i have email them twice, and never get a reply. actually i suppose the sender is responsible for the shipment, and ensuring their products are distributed to their customer safely and on time so it shouldnt be us to urge the courier to complete the delivery.
hi, i just received my day 1 community special package. not so very happy. i didn't have time to try the pen itself yet but even though the package was still sealed, the pen inside was in a used state. the metal body itself is mainly ok (few small things here and there) but the plastic parts around the pen are scratched. the hatch on the side has signs of forced removal/insertion (like a screwdriver). the parts on the back and the on off switch also has scratches. did anyone else have similar experience with their box?
hi, is there any way to contact you regarding problem with pla plastic, as stated below?
so not happy  1. the only way to get the strands flowing i have to physically push the strand out.  2. i have to guide the strands through the hole (to do that i have to remove the cover maintenance cover)  3. can't get the cover back on (both covers are broken) 4. cover is broken (even the spear was broken when i got it out the box)  i want a full refund but apparently i can't get a refund, so many people are having issues with these pens i think i have waisted my money.
i'm still trying to reinsert the metal bar on the second maintenance hatch, and it is pretty frustrating - definitely not as easy on my pen as the video makes it look! if anyone here has successfully changed hatches, please could you let me know what worked for you to get the bar back in. thanks.
my doodler has been 'in transit' since 2nd may now. and no word from the company about taxes. but also showing no signs of movement. any ideas of what i can do? i'm in the uk.
my doodler has been 'in transit' since 2nd may now. and no word from the company about taxes. but also showing no signs of movement. any ideas of what i can do? i'm in the uk.
by the looks of things, i'm guessing australia and new zealand doesn't have customs fees for the accessorize pack
just received my "accessorize: doodlestand + nozzles!" yesterday in sydney via toll. no customs fees.
@all - we also want to reiterate that jetpacks will ship in june based on our estimates. no retailers and no backers have been sent these yet. all jetpacks will be sent at our cost, including taxes and duties. thanks for your patience.
@all - in case anyone missed the update we posted on here a few days, please see below. we hope this covers off a lot of the outstanding questions regarding shipping progress (which is now practically complete save for late survey responses or incomplete surveys - these will be processed in the coming days), customs, and some treats we have in store for you in the future: "we have now shipped over 95% of our backer rewards. any rewards not yet shipped are pending shipping confirmations, late survey completions, or issues with the courier companies. our aim has always been to ship all pledges in april (besides edu bundles), which we have almost completed, and then roll out to retail. all units to retail shipped after kickstarter pledges went out (those with confirmed details), but large quantity shipments often move through customs and via subsequent ground transport faster than individual parcels. please note that there are significant differences between your backer rewards and what a regular consumer gets at retail. for example, every kickstarter pledge level comes with x4 packs of plastics, as well as free pack of our new flexy plastic (which won’t be in stores for a few weeks), and a strandstand. that’s x3 packs of plastics more than normal buyers. all these extras represent over us$35 of additional value for our backers (and even more for the higher pledge levels). in addition to this we have a program of exciting rewards planned just for our kickstarter community in the coming year (including discounts, early releases of new materials, and other fun surprises)! for those of you in europe who have had a tough time with customs (and any related import taxes) we have made every effort to ship in a way that will result in the lowest tax possible (legally), but the behaviour of customs and local handling agents, which change from time to time, is out of our control. when it comes to the jetpacks, which will ship in a few weeks, we’re going to prepay all customs and taxes (on our dime), which is something the kickstarter platform isn’t set up for. our community is incredibly important to us, so thank you for airing your concerns, and moreover thank you for supporting one another. it’s amazing to see so many of your offering tips and advice to each other, sharing your creations, and ensuring everyone gets the most out of their new 3doodler 2.0s. if you do have any questions or particular issues which we can help with, please contact us via the messaging system, as this is the fastest way to reach us and get a personalised response. we can’t wait to see what you create!"
@jamie brigden i spoke to someone a couple of days a go who told me to ring back the following day. today i got put through to someone who made me wait 15 minutes on hold for the other person to put the phone down and then they must have gone home. i'm used to dealing with bigger delivery company's which have good customer service, but i will try then again tomorrow and hopefully like you i will get through to the right person! @steve evans - i'm 100% with you on that one, no disrespect to the delivery company but they really don't come across customer friendly or like they have any processes in place. i will be doing bank transfer rather than hand out my details. i can imagine them writing them down and leaving it on the side for everyone to see!
@ben: i got through today, the only ways to pay are either card details over the phone, or bank transfer. considering the problems i have had with contacting them, i won't be trusting them with my card details, so it will have to be a bank transfer for me.
just got my tracking number. it says it will be here in southern ca on friday. i got the powerdoodler just to let everyone know.
@jamie webb they're sending it out tomorrow, so i may get it tomorrow he said. @ben did you try early in the day? i had the impression it was a small company meaning they'd only be around in the morning most likely. i got through without issue and dealt with someone at 12 and then at 1 and then again at 4pm.
i don't mind paying duty as such because it's just how the uk works but i'm finding it difficult to actually contact skynet to pay the invoice! it rang out got answered and then they hung up on my last attempt. try again tomorrow!
hello i just received the pen, tried to make it work but just won't...also undid the nozzle but it doesn't work and doesn't go back on...what can i do?
i am extremely annoyed by this! i still have not received my pen despite being in the "first batch" and i could literally walk into maplins right now and buy a 3doodler 2.0 cheaper and without shipping costs!
@juan i had the exact problem. and after 15 rods of abs, even abs stopped extruding. but i got a hold of customer service and they are sending replacement. one suggestion was to try the 2nd maintenance door. didn't work for me, but maybe you?
just got an update from dhl, thursday is estimated date of delivery, powerdoodler from michigan usa
thank you @jamie brigden. did they give you any indication of how long it might take now it is paid? mine says 'arrived hub' at the moment x
i'm pretty disappointed. i either have a dud, or this was poorly designed. it's practically impossible to load filament rods in mine. i push the rod in as far as it goes and will be pressing the feed button indefinitely with nothing happening. the only way i can load it successfully is to open the access port and manually guide the rod into the hot end hold. that's only for abs though. pla will never extrude more than a gravity-assisted trickle, even when fully seated. not happy with what was supposed to be the new and improved version.
i have tried too call them to and i just got put on hold and they told me the person isn't answering. i have to admit the shipping experience isn't great, i can't even get my item. looks like i will have to keep calling!
@jamie webb it won't move until you call. you've got a vat charge on it like i did. it was £26 i had to pay, which i did over the phone. they'll either send you an invoice, which you'll get in two days, or you can call them and pay it on the phone. i didn't like the idea of giving my banking details on the phone, but wanted it quickly as i'm sick of waiting. if you call them up and say you have a vat charge you need to pay on a package, then give them your reference number they'll allow you to pay that way.
@waldek and @dennis, @aerdna, i did get a quick email back from tech support regarding the pla issue. also see @halle's post about a day ago, which was appreciated. they asked if i had tried the replacement maintenance cover as "it was modified to increase successful grip on the plastic". i actually hadn't taken the original cover off (after reading how hard it is to get it back on!) so i'm not sure if this will make any difference - haven't had a chance to try it yet. please let me know if you do try it and get a different result.
@jamie brigden that worked thank you. my doodler is still in london it would seem. no expected delivery date yet. good luck x
@jamie brigden i will check thank you. very disappointed to know my local maplins have two in stock right now so i could in theory have one today had i not spent the money via kickstarter. lesson learned!
to those saying that wobbleworks never mentioned taxes/duties, it's a part of the faq. they could have tried to give an estimate, but it's not like they hid it deliberately.
@jamie webb i also got an email from skynet with regards to my package in the uk. i spoke with them on the phone after the number didn't work online. it turns out the reference number is entered twice for some reason. see if yours is the same number repeated. i spoke with multiple people who passed me around and eventually got to someone who said that they didn't know how much vat i would have to pay yet and someone would call me back after they've come back from lunch. it's been a while, so i assume the person is back but they're not calling me back. i'll have to call them back. not the greatest company to deal with so far.
usa - double superdoodler.  got my tracker on april 30th and it finally says it was picked up from the facility today.   dhl says it will be here no later than thursday may 7th.  getting excited again!
hello, the expenses of douaner are at our expense(under our responsibility) ?
and for the same things i took, on the e-shop shipment is no more 22$ (what i payed with pleasure to encourage a nice project) but less than 18$... please are you kidding ???!
@martin thank you for not being alone in this situation. i agree that is not fair because they knew that and they had to told it us before. and now on their website taxes and duties are 33,85€ (38$)... find the error... it's my first project on kickstarter and i'm disappointed :(
@all you should watch chris's video. it's helpful i think.
hello can anyone please give me some advice? i am in the uk and still not received the 3doodler and trying to be patient. i had a tracking number sent through that links to toll global website  that is telling me that it is in london.  today i got a separate email from skynet telling me it is in hong kong and another tracking number, however this tracking number doesn't work. getting pretty frustrated since it is now may and we are checking emails and this thread everyday! this is the first time we have backed kickstarter and not sure it is worth the stress! thanks in advance for any advice.
got mine yesterday, and i've recorded an unboxing. it's like christmas in may! @:-d https://youtu.be/i6pavyustvm
literally 4 and a half day and when i then still have no package nor a tracking number i will not accept any delivery from wobbleworks. and then i will get my money back and even if have you sue for fraud until the highest instance / court for that.
got mine today in australia :)! slowly picking it up. i have found it a bit difficult but keen to get better. thanks guys :)
we payed shipments for the delivery and we didn't know 3doodler was built in hong kong and it's not our problem! ===> agree 200%, i'm going to refuse it and loose my plege. guys it is not really fair because you did not say that the production would be located in hong kong coming with fees for backers. you knew that and you have deliberately avoided saying anything concerning that issue.
hello i have problem with pla too any soultion ?
i'm really not happy with my pen, it doesn't work. very disappointed consider how long i have waited for my 3doodler 2.0 i have emailed wobbleworks twice and so has my friend and no reply not very happy. is it possible to get a refund or do i just have to suffer with a dodgy pen. i don't even want a replacement pen because so many people have been having problems with them too.
hi, i had a look and i saw few people have to pay tax of 41€... did you payed them? we payed shipments for the delivery and we didn't know 3doodler was built in hong kong and it's not our problem! i would like to be more considerate from the team because i can't pay more. i trust your project, it's beautiful and everything, that's why i support it but not in these conditions... what's your solution? thanks you.
strike that, i just found my shipment email, came in yesterday! thanks guys, looking forward to receiving my 3doodler!
@stephen chow i am backer #3408 so i guess it's not in order...  @wobbleworks what is the status of the remaining orders? in particular, mine! thanks :)
@all - we wanted to share this awesome tutorial by maqaroon: https://www.youtube.com/watch…. we know some of you have seen it already and found it very useful! it's crammed with some very handy tips and tricks (and a fun starter project).
@ben - kickstarter reviews: i too have had an invoice from skynet, tried e-mailing them, no answer, tried calling them, got through once and was told to call them back as the relevant department had gone home? going to try again today, all i am trying to find out is how i can pay.
@scornwell yes, i got my tracking number a few days before it was delivered btw, i'm backer #6,381
just arrived. looks awesome cant wail to try it out tonight. thanks woobleworks.
i've tried three different places to plug in the 3doodler but the light stays red and not green/ blue! please help!!
@matt - drop is a line via the messaging system and we'll get you fixed up.
omg help!! my wife just got her 3doodler in the mail today. the tip broke off when changing it. what do we do??? she is so mad. help please!
my 3doodler arrived just in time to demonstrate it at my model train club tonight. i officially have the coolest modeling tool!  i'm looking forward to receiving my jet pack in june.  thanks a bunch for a great tool!!
waiting for mine, or at least the tracking number
powerdoodler michigan usa just received tracking from dhl. says item was shipped thursday no further information. maybe this week?
i would also assume that 'estimated delivery' means the estimated date im getting it. its disappointing to see that so many people still havent get theirs, and hopefully things will be sorted out n the parcel will arrive before i leave the uk...
it also took a while for the pla to extrude for me, but once it did, i can say that it's my favorite!  it doesn't have the smell of abs, and the look is really shiny and deep-hued, instead of the one-color look of abs.  just give it a second to start extruding, and make sure that no abs plastic is still in your pen.  if there's abs in the tip when you try to do pla, i'd imagine that the pla won't extrude because the heating point for abs is higher, and so on the pla setting, that abs that's stuck in the tip won't melt.
@stephen chow i'm in nz too, did you receive any shipping notification or tracking number?
nm, sorry! have tracker.
still no tracker or doodler. frustrating, but glad to know i am not the only one!
so i have had an invoice through for £25 from sky net however on my invoice there is no mention of how to pay it and no telephone number to contact this company which i have never heard of before. has anyone paid sky net and if so what method did you use?
i also have had problems with pla. i had to go into the pen by taking the maintenance hatch off. since that i've just stuck with abs. with abs the pen works awesomely.
@dennis, @aerdna, i also have the problem with the pla. i tried pushing as carrie said, but it didn't seem to work consistently for mine. i was wondering if it's just that the heater for the pla setting isn't reaching temperature. i sent a tech request on friday & will post if they have any suggestions, as it sounds like there are a few of us with the same issue.
@carrie i have the same problem with pla. it's just frustrating !
@karuna wow, so it is 41€? far too expensive... did you find a free phone number to contact? and how to pay?
powerdoodler, connecticut, usa got it today. works fine so far. tip: get a piece of pei plastic to doodle on.
started reading all your comments today as it has been awhile and i have not received my pens.  the comments are very disappointing to hear. i hope that backing this project wasn't a waste $350.
hi, i'm in france and have also, like some others in the thread here, been asked to pay 41€ import taxes. is this normal? thank you in advance for your reponse
get it today work great !
i got my pen today.. was super excited so i changed out the nozzle head (before i read the manual..*doh*).. and now my pen stays red and won't turn blue/ green..! any pointers? thanks in advance!
my pen also continues to extrude a tiny bit if not pushing buttons.  it extrudes a bunch immediately after discontinuing the continuous flow of the fast button, so i am trying to consider that as i doodle and stop the continuous flow a little before i'm done.  with the pla it has trouble starting again after stopping flow for a short time.  pushing firmly on the end of the plastic stick helps get it started again.  i keep a bit of painters tape on the table next to me for wiping scrap plastic off so i don't mess up my doodle as i pause.  just pull up and toss when finished :)
i received mine thanks
also any updates on the strand stand designs? :p
thanks, gotten my package of 3doodler. how do i change from abs to pla plastic? i used abs strand for a while then decided to try pla, but the plastic isn't going down, no matter whether i choose the high-temperature setting or the low-temp one. but a different colour abs goes down easily...
hey, dhl contacted me saying i need to pay custom fees. and the only way i have to contact them is a call-charge number. i'm from france. what am i supposed to do?
hi i also have the same concern with a lot of people here... i haven't got my 3doodler yet, worrying if it got lost during the international shipping process. is it possible that i can look up the tracking number somewhere? thanks!
i have not received any emails to let me know mine has shipped, getting ready to ship or tracking number. i am a bit worried because spanish post doesnt work well.
@michael rew thank you :)
@stephen....a little plastic will extrude even when the feed button is off....it seems to stop after 5mm or so have come out....probably just the plastic expanding in the hot end as it reaches temperature
just tested out the 3doodler, wasted a whole strand just testing. the flexy extrudes a bit slower and strands take a while to start flowing, also plastic is continually extruded even if i don't press any buttons and it's not on continuous (i've checked), but at a slower rate than usual (this doesn't really affect me but i'm just worried), can anyone please confirm if this is meant to happen? or if there's a problem with my pen. other than that, this product is great, thanks wwllc!
@wobbleworks llc thank you for the update and clarification, i will await for the jetpack to receive by june.
@kenji - jetpacks will ship in june based on our estimates. no retailers and no backers have been sent these yet. all jetpacks will be sent at our cost, including taxes and duties.
this is a pic of everything the accessorise bundle comes with: http://imgur.com/fdhup8u
forgot to mention, i didn't get anything about customs fees, is it automatic? or do they mail you about it?
nz here, just received mine, (would've gotten it 3 days ago but i missed the delivery), gunna test it later here's a pic: http://imgur.com/dhe7hau
@francesco thank you for the info, but it will not be acceptable as it have a trust on what individual who backup on the project. @wobbleworks llc if individual backups on the stated package, and does not received as what is stated, shouldn't this be look into?
kenji they said the battery comes later ... but some say it is available in shops already. so go figure what reality is.
hi, thank you for the delivery, but i backup the superdoodler, but i only received part of the item only. items yet to left out as follows: -1 jetpack, a hall of fame mention. kindly assist to further advice when will i be expecting on these left out items.
my pens not working only way to get the plastic out is by pushing on the other end of the plastic. i'm finding i have waisted my money
@stafano - sending out a replacement pen can sometimes be a lot faster, as it's just the pen we're sending; no box, no plugs, no plastic, so minimal preparation and pick & pack needed. they are also send in a simple and very small envelope. the issue on our side has not been one of having the physical product in hand, it's been the preparation for shipment as well as the lack of control we have over customs, third parties, and postal/courier systems. our aim is always to provide great customer service, and we're sorry your pen has not reached you yet. we have a wave of trackers due to go out today so hopefully good news is coming your way.
i have not received any emails to let me know mine has shipped, getting ready to ship, tracking number ..... nothing. no word. at all.
i'm having problem with pla. it seems that the heat from the nozzle make the strand (in proximity of the nozzle/feeding-coil soft so the strand get scratched and the feeding-coil is no more able to push the strand into the nozzle.  i say it because i don't have any problem as long as i continue to draw but if i take a pause the pen doesn't work anymore, probably because the pla have the time to melt a little. someone is having the same problem? no problem with abs (probably because the higher fusion point).
has anyone received the powerdoodler yet?
a whopping 58 euros of customs+vat in helsinki, finland.
@creator this doesn't take anything away from the true genius that is this invention. i applaud you guys for it. but for the love of god, don't take us for idiots
such a pleasure to see people getting replacements within 3 days whereas a lot of us still haven't received ours yet. i've understood all of the difficulties wobbleworks may have had in the shipping processes etc..but now i'm starting to get upset. it's unfair, and had i known, i would have waited to buy it in stores, plastic and accessories included, it would have still cost me cheaper after duties and taxes and wouldn't have led to any frustrations towards wobbleworks. for that, and i know this won't change any thing for wobbleworks. but i would never back wobbleworks again. not because i think the product is no good, on the contrary i think it is one of the most wonderful inventions of all time ever, i just simply won't ever back them again because of everything this kickstart stands for. i don't believe for one second that this was an attempt to have thier product funded, but rather a solicitation on a website such as kickstarter to guarantee themselves sales on this product, regardless of the fact that it was already in production, and set out to be shipped to retailers. you might deny it, but i call bs! i see no advantage as to how i gained from backing you. how do you ever expect to be backed again? not that you need it..
still no doodler! got my tracking number which says its 'in transit'. wobble works only sent it on the 28th which i'm a bit disappointed by because i was under the assumption they would all be sent by mid april. just hope to get it this week but who knows with customs.
@gaurav- i had the same issue as you. the problem arises when you try to change the nozzle when the 3doodler is not plugged in. it is very important the nozzle is hot when you try to change it, otherwise the plastic on the inside will act like a glue, and stick the nozzle and screw tab together. i contacted help@the3doodler.com and after i sent them my broken 3doodler, they sent me a new one. hope this helps.
this is ridiculous! i haven't even received my doodler and these pens are already available for delivery in 3 days at my local maplin store! absolute joke!
in singapore. just received mine on 2nd may and managed to test it out with one abs strand. looks good so far. need to get used to the feed rate and working with plastic, but should be all good soon!
@eric- some may have received theirs. i received mine about a week ago and i'm getting my pen tomorrow afternoon.
hey guys, just wondering, have the tracking numbers been sent out to the backers? i would love to be able to know where the package is right now, without having to bug you all too much.
richard, i don't blame you for being upset for not getting yours yet but hopefully it turns out that it shows up within the next few days. as far as retailers getting their shipments sooner. i can vouch for that as i run a small business myself and bulk shipments make it through customs much much quicker. as i said before customs sucks! like horribly so! since the initial shipments are being sent from china i'm sure the problem lies there. hopefully wobbleworks will get back to you to see what the hold up is. here's to hoping you'll be doodling soon!
@bgfilly, i sent them a message don't know if that will do any good, but will see. so far it seems everyone has been getting broken promises. i tried to be patient like you said, but when someone gets a broken one replaced in 3 days, and i haven't even received mine at all...that's not right at all. not busting on you it's not your fault, but damn their getting ready to go retail with it and a good majority have not received their 3doodlers. word is there are already retailers selling the 3doodler 2.0. no matter how you stack it...that's not right! i don't play nice when were talking over 2 hundred dollars,i'm part dutch!
was so thrilled to get my pen. got about 15 good stands in and 5 frustrating and wasteful ones... extrusion has slowed to a halt for both plastics. none of the faq/maintenance info helps. started a ticket yesterday. hoping i hear something soon.
waited quite a while for the pen to arrive (it was intended as a birthday present for my daughter). april (and my daughter's birthday) came and went without any update and when i finally hunted around for information about shipping i found (almost by accident) that there was a request regarding the power adapter i wanted. disappointed that no attempt was made to contact me via email.
just wondering when the bling bling pledge will be sent... or has it already been sent?
tried pla for the first time today...seems to flow with less trouble.....tried several different nozzles with no problems. tried the control port to turn flow on and off....this pen is awesome
@gaurav - please direct message us and we'll get you all fixed up.
guys i just got my doodler today - played with it for a couple of hours - then tried to change nozzles and the part of the heat assemble that carries the threads just came off into the existing nozzle itself. it's broken!
heiko, the standard price for the 3doodler is 99.99 u.s. currency. that's always been the case. they had some early bird specials one at 50 and one at 85. then the standard price of 99.99. any pledge above 99.99 includes accessories which you will not get via the regular store bought price of 99.99 you will have to pay an additional price for all the accessories. also with the kickstarter you get a bit more plastic that comes with the regular pen. as for additional customs fees these are not the fault of wobbleworks. these are the fault of additional country faces and customs fees which are often times hidden until it is too late. it sucks. truly. but it is not the fault of wobbleworks. if you read the comments section wobble works has stated they are looking into some special stuff for its backers.
heiko, the standard price for the 3doodler is 99.99 u.s. currency. that's always been the case. they had some early bird specials one at 50 and one at 85. then the standard price of 99.99. any pledge above 99.99 includes accessories which you will not get via the regular store bought price of 99.99 you will have to pay an additional price for all the accessories. also with the kickstarter you get a bit more plastic that comes with the regular pen. as for additional customs fees these are not the fault of wobbleworks. these are the fault of additional country faces and customs fees which are often times hidden until it is too late. it sucks. truly. but it is not the fault of wobbleworks. if you read the comments section wobble works has stated they are looking into some special stuff for its backers.
will there be tracking numbers for us shipments?
richard, i would suggest sending them a message via this messing system regarding this. the last post they posted stated they have shipped out almost all the backers shipments, that the only ones not shipped are ones that they had no survey responses or late survey responses and ones that had address issues. so i think you should check with them to make sure yours wasn't one of the ones held up do to issues. also make sure you check your spam folders for any emails from either wobbleworks or a courier. please also keep in mind that while your pen may have gone out it may be held at customs. which unfortunately is beyond wobbleworks control. i had a parcel come from china one time and u.s. customs held it for 3 weeks before it left. then it apparently went on a site seeing tour from post office to post office before it landed at my door some 2 weeks after the 3 weeks for a total of 5 weeks. in other words customs sucks!! like really really sucks! but it's not the courier or the fault of wobbleworks. it's customs. which is a different entity of both. i'm sorry you still haven't gotten your doodler tho! keep the faith. i'm sure you will get it any day now!
@creator so the part i missed was shipped in april not received in april? that's the biggest crock of bs i have ever heard! sadly disappointed in you and your shipping! how does someone get a replacement 3doodler before everyone gets their first 3doodler? my birthday id in august maybe i will get my 3doodler by then?
got mine  today - india... had to pay usd 62 customs !
@all - we forgot to mention the hall of fame. this is a web-based hall of fame, which we are building right now. we hope to have news/timing on it soon. it promises to be epic. here's what we did for the first version of the 3doodler: http://the3doodler.com/hall-of-fame/. stay tuned for the 2.0 version!
@wobbleworks llc.  did you heard rhuetter? coolstuff.de annoced that it will sell it for 99€ soon which is aprox the half of what i will have paid for it. (didn't come in time for the 99$ bundle + shipping fee + taxes) that it takes much time in customs is only because it hadn't had proper paperwork. if you do that if goes through it within days. without ...well the longest time i had to wait for one (where the sender messed up) was a bit above 3 month. i tell you something if i don't get either a tracking number or the package within the next 7 days i will not accept the package anymore. which means it will be returned to sender. (or trashed by one or another shipping company) and i will get a full refund even if that means i have to drag you to court.
@all - we have now shipped over 95% of our backer rewards. any rewards not yet shipped are pending shipping confirmations, late survey completions, or issues with the courier companies. our aim has always been to ship all pledges in april (besides edu bundles), which we have almost completed, and then roll out to retail. all units to retail shipped after kickstarter pledges went out (those with confirmed details), but large quantity shipments often move through customs and via subsequent ground transport faster than individual parcels. please note that there are significant differences between your backer rewards and what a regular consumer gets at retail. for example, every kickstarter pledge level comes with x4 packs of plastics, as well as free pack of our new flexy plastic (which won’t be in stores for a few weeks), and a strandstand. that’s x3 packs of plastics more than normal buyers. all these extras represent over us$35 of additional value for our backers (and even more for the higher pledge levels). in addition to this we have a program of exciting rewards planned just for our kickstarter community in the coming year (including discounts, early releases of new materials, and other fun surprises)! for those of you in europe who have had a tough time with customs (and any related import taxes) we have made every effort to ship in a way that will result in the lowest tax possible (legally), but the behaviour of customs and local handling agents, which change from time to time, is out of our control. when it comes to the jetpacks, which will ship in a few weeks, we’re going to prepay all customs and taxes (on our dime), which is something the kickstarter platform isn’t set up for. our community is incredibly important to us, so thank you for airing your concerns, and moreover thank you for supporting one another. it’s amazing to see so many of your offering tips and advice to each other, sharing your creations, and ensuring everyone gets the most out of their new 3doodler 2.0s. if you do have any questions or particular issues which we can help with, please contact us via the messaging system, as this is the fastest way to reach us and get a personalised response. we can’t wait to see what you create!
@heiko: i live in germany too and knie how you feel. i still. not received my doodler nor a tracking number. coolstuff.de anounced it will be availiable beginning this month for 99€!!! @wobbleworks: what actions will be taken to satisfy your early backers? my backer number is 475!!!
i received my doodler last week but  i can't get the strand feeded. i tried all problem solving solutions which are described in the manual, but it did not work. also i opened the maintenance hatch, and saw that the strands are noch following the way to the nozzletip. its seems there is a small curve,. if i put it down with my finger and guide it, it follows the path. when i let it loose or insert the hatch again,its not working anymore. i saw in some comments that others have the same problem. i send a mail to cs@the3doodler.com and got an automated reply that a ticket has been created. did anyone who has this problem already got a solution provided? just checked my ticket status and so far nothing happened there.
disappointed to see the doodler 2.0 in uk stores before backer kits have been sent.
@wobbleworks llc. i feel ripped off. i live in germany, but if had had ordered it a few days ago at firebox.cox from england ... that is still a different country. i would have exactly known when it was shipped, when it will arrive. and on top of that it would have been cheaper and here already! since it only takes fricking 5 days on slowest shipping from there. if reseller can sell it for 99$ then you have given them a huge discount, and if they can sell it already they have been prioritized in shipping. you take us all for huge suckers, aren't you, eh? i have heard from you before that is why i backed it. but, this is first and last time i ever bought anything from your company! and anyone smart should do the same! @mick stockton i feel exactly the same. @huw long then lucky you. most will have paid more, waited longer and not even known when or if it arrives at all.
@stafano, we're looking into it and we're also going to do everything we can to keep jetpack duties to a minimum, if not zero. we're exploring whether we can (logistically speaking) handle these on our end given the much lower value of the item. in terms of goodies, stay tuned! as mentioned early we have some good stuff up our sleeve for our backers.
power doodle shipped out hong kong yesterday and arrived today (jet pack to follow later). no additional taxes so far. started with blue pla at low temp, but first it wouldn't come out. switched to high temp and that pushed out a bit of clear plastic (factory testing with abs?). once the blue pla started flowing i switched back to low temp and everything working fine.
@sally i'm having the same problem with my pla. so i switched bak to abs and now my pen works in stops and starts for abs... sending in query.
hello. i really appreciate all the hard work you all have done and this is the best birthday gift ever, but i have some issues. i did not receive my jet pack, and my doodler will not feed the plastic pieces (even after trouble shooting). i also didn't get the hall of fame mention (which i don't know if it's a piece of paper or what?) so my first b-day gift is a bummer. no jet pack, no working doodler, no honorable mention.  please help!!!
@daniel.. they mentioned in an earlier update that they would be sending the jet pack separate, because they wanted to perfect it. shipped at no additional charges (besides duties, and taxes, which by the way perplexes me as to how everyone is complaining about it. it's an international shipment..)which makes me think: @creator, seeing as how those who will be getting the 3doodler 2.0 outside of the u.s. are having to pay additional taxes and customs, (not your fault, it's to be expected) would it be possible to at least try and cut us some slack and see if there's some sort of goodie we can get in return seeing as how we'll have to pay the taxes and duties twice for the jetpack, which is definitely not our decision, and was in your control from the get go. i don't mind paying duties, and don't blame wobbleworks for it, but to have to pay duties a second time for the jetpack is unfair.
hello
actually there is a difference in price if you bother to add all the things that come with the pen......but is that really what your motivation is.......i mean i think the whole idea behind kickstarter is  to get a new product from idea to peoples hands....not to get a good price on something......some campaigns are failures where the backers end up with nothing......
this really is disappointing. no difference in price whatsoever, well i am glad this was not for me.
they were selling the 3d 2.0 at maplin.co.uk before i received mine. mine was stopped at customs and ordered to pay an additional £27 duty and fees. cheaper and quicker in the store. so much for the early bird price.
i'm a bit disappointed in how this has turned out so far. i can order it online at a few uk shops now, and even walk into a store and pick it up. it's great to help a company grow, but shouldn't all shipments to your backers be fulfilled before retailers? i realise you'll make more money from them, but it just seems like the wrong way to do it. apparently my order was supposed to ship weeks ago, yet only shipped yesterday. i'm expecting to have to pay £25 in taxes meaning it will be the same as if i went to the store and bought it. yet i'll probably receive it in a few weeks. really glad to help out a company with their business but i feel this wasn't the best way to deal with things. shame.
i received my 3doodler earlier today and unboxed it. i do have one small issue with the plastic heating up as it doesn't seem to heat at all for me. i tried pushing it further down but still have the same problem.
i received my 3doodler but the jet pack was not with my order. is this separate?
hi, i was tracking my 3doodler shipment on the dhl website and it now says that the package was returned to the shipper.  could you please verify what happened with it as i'd really like to get it soon.  thanks.
anyone receive there powerdoodler in the usa yet?
i got my replacement pen in the mail today. tested it out on my lunch break. the pen itself works great but is horribly loud! louder than the original 1.0. it's kind of obnoxious. the original defective pen was nice and quiet. which was great. :(
hello. mine came through the post today and i couldn't resist having a play with it. i can see how this could become a little addictive! i do have a question though, on mine there doesn't really seem to be any difference between the slow and fast speeds, whatever button i press it seems to come out quite rapid and the motor sounds the same. is there something i am missing? i went though the (huge) instruction sheet but couldn't really see any mention of the speeds. julia.
a great place to order the 3doodler plastic from is b&h photo video. they ship super quickly and have free shipping http://www.bhphotovideo.com/
i haven't had time to 3doodle much yet, but hope to this afternoon.  my pen came on a very full work week.  just an fyi:  i ordered some extra plastic from wobble works on the 21st of april.  i am waiting on that order and while i did not want to order more yet, i also placed an order with michaels arts and crafts today.  because of taxes the michaels order is slightly more, but that may be worth it if it gets here faster.  although michaels does not seem to carry all of the colors.  i may be incorrect on that.
mine made it here. :) so far pretty good with the abs, but i can't get the pla to work properly on the lo setting. i did try cleaning (*thank you* to the person who posted about the head coming off the cleaning tool inside the pen, as that happened and i just reinserted and pushed to get it back). also put on a new nozzle in case the old one was blocked with abs, and afterwards managed to extrude a little pla, but it stopped coming out after a minute or so. in general when i back out a pla strand it shows marks from the gears but only a little melt distortion, not a full melted end. i will send in a tech query but thought i would post here to see if anyone else is having the same issue. thanks!
@creator do you guys have an estimation on when the larger 100 packs filament will be available? i'd like to order some accessories and more plastic but would like to wait for the larger packs
@nancy - have you checked inside the pen box?
i received my doodler and stand etc - but no plastics??  what do i do?  do they come separately?  thank you!
love the new pen!  sadly it no longer heats up after a week of use.  it will heat up occasionally for a few minutes before a solid red light. :(
(ireland) have not received my doodler or my tracking code updates please!
recieved 3 doodler today. after pledge, taxes, import duty, admin fees and bank currency charges, cost me about £110 most of which has been with supplier for months. recieved an email from local electronics store maplin this morning telling me i could order 3doodler for £99 delivered or collect from store this weekend. what is the point of this kickstarter, how have i benefitted? am i just a sucker because i backed the first one? scratch this up to experience and remember not to back next time, which i inevitably will as i am obviously a sucker as stated.
richard, to answer your question about the fix. yes you absolutely can. i've used it to repair many things. but i u.s. pla for any repairs no matter the other plastic i am using as it sticks easier to object than abs does so it's easier for repairs.
lol didn't get it in april so i won my bet i have to buy myself a pack of strands since i had no takers. i never welch on a bet! @bgfilly...i'm holding out for my extreme rant till next week as you have asked, the least i can do for someone who has been doing their best t keep the crowd pleased. i truly truly think from all reviews so far that the biggest failure here is the shipping services around the world. unfortunately everyone is taking shots at wobbleworks and that is just not their fault. i do believe the shippers need to some how repay wobbleworks for incompetent and disrespectful performance. i see that the creator has posted something referencing goodies for backers. kudos to the creator, but i still blame the shipping companies, so hopefully they reimburse wobbleworks for the goodies they send out...:-) just so everyone understands yes i am disappointed greatly i have not received my 3doodler, but i understand somethings are not under our control or the creator's...so i'm sucking it up, this does not in any way change how i feel about wobbleworks and their great product and excellent service to the customer.  @all technical question? if i say use a 3d printer and i print in pla, and i need to make a fix or something could the 3doodler be used for that and be as strong as needed? i ask the same thing as well if i was using abs, but i don't use that as often. primarily i use pla as i make prosthetic hands mainly for kids that need a non-toxic product.
[uk]just went on the tracking system and.... there is a charge, wonder if they are sending me a letter tome or calling me...cant wait to get it though
it's arrived! not had a proper chance to play yet, but one thing - please let us buy more strand stands!
@darren - that's awesome news and great feedback. pleased you like the new drive. we can't wait to see you dual doodling! watch this space re goodies for kickstarter backers.
received mine two weeks ago, finally found time to try today. compared to the original, the worm gear pulling is far more constant than the old doodler gear - no sudden surge in extrusion or slowing down. otherwise performance is the same, but the smaller pen makes it much easier to doodle small pieces with better view, and the power adapter cable is so much longer also making it easier to draw. feel like buying 1 or 2 more so can doodle few colors at the same time.... any discounts for loyal customers?
nz here, just missed mine, it's scheduled to be delivered 4th may
@alex large ... great the doodler there would be way cheaper, would arrive faster (even with the cheapest shipping), and actually would come with a tracking number. now i am depressed. p.s.: @wobbleworks there is still no sign of a delivery here (and won't come today since it is a national holiday... and probably not before monday either) means i haven't even got my tracking number,  yet. my should should been shipped at beginning of april, though.
it's here!!! i finally received my and it's awesome!
any uk doodlers that may be interested, firebox have listed the 2.0, along with 4 new abs plastic packs! don't think these are even on the 3doodler website yet?  https://secure.firebox.com/product/7029/3doodler-2.0
also just fyi. i didn't have any extra to pay as it was under $1000aud so no tax
i just got mine, i'm in australia. it looks really good but i haven't opened it yet as its a birthday present from my fiancee. so i will have to wait till june 20 to see it in action :( but the packaging looks really good. thanks
received my doodler today. tried pla first, had issues getting stands to feed, had to open hatch and push the stand in. heat seemed to low, very slow to come out. tried abs with great success, after the first manual feed in, the stands that followed did not need help getting started. was able to make my first doodle after some practice. hoping my pla setting can be tweaked for better performance. i am pleased.
not here shiela i'm in the usa.
has anyone with the powerdoodler: get it all!, gotten there package yet?
could you please send me my tracking number?  i bought the pen as a birthday present for my daughter, but am running out of excuses for why it hasn't arrived yet.  thanks.
still no one in germany who got this? i really would like to know much taxes i have to pay... and i really hope there will be no extra fees from the shipping company ... i already payed 15$ (at least i think) which should cover everything. every cent i have to spend on shipment will increase the taxes i have to pay. well it goes only smoothly through customs if there is a legit declaration and receipt are added (onto the package) ... otherwise it might stay a few month in there...  but then again if it stays there to long i might not charged at all.
@aw a couple of other users and i have had similar sounding problems to yours. read down to older posts if you want to look. after a video chat with a nice customer service rep to review my problem they are asking to sent it back to them for a replacement. my best advice is to contact them at cs@the3doodler.com explain your problem and ask to create a ticket. also, their first reply to me landed in my junk mail folder so be aware of that.
$36.66 cad duties and taxes paid to dhl on delivery to toronto, ontario, canada :(
got the 3doodler in the mail a couple of days ago.  is anyone else having problems getting the plastic strands to feed?  i followed the instructions, and couldn't get it to feed.  i opened the maintenance port and found that the strand was not being guided into the tip / melting area correctly.  so i guided it in and figured that would solve it, but it still won't feed automatically. any ideas?
@creater its april 30 and i still don't have my 3doodler! i am impatient.im 11 and can't wait!! i have been checking for it every day since school. i ordered it at my bday?could you please tell me where my 3doodler is. thanks mikey
@creator   i have to say great job, the pen is amazing i love it . i think in the future i'm ready to order more plastic. takes a little bit of practice but after a couple of minutes i was able to start doodle nice and easy. take care everybody
yes, my 3doodler has just arrived. now i 'm going to read the manuals fast but carefull.
wooo i win. screw them charges
@kristi..they made a mistake on there part, i am sure they will not enforce it, as it is there mistake and they probably still think they have the device in there warehouse
@kirsti that's very odd, seems like a big mistake on their part. i'm not sure how they can enforce it, short of sending baliffs round (which for £25 would seem excessive). i guess you can wait and see if they get in contact again to ask for their money. @cptblack i think most people accept the tax/duty part of it (although ww  or ks could at least provide an estimate, given they knew this would be popular internationally), but the company fees are less easy to take. they force you to pay them money for something you never asked them to do. in my case, it made up 40% of the total i had to pay. this especially becomes a problem when the companies used are relatively unknown (and pretty amateurish), and when wobbleworks choose to ship under a different name without telling backers.
alberta canada - 22.30$ can for customs and brokerage. so i'm pleased as this is the smallest amount ive ever paid. pen should be here today or tomorrow. these extra charges are not wobbleworks, but customs in your country. it is not a company's responsibility to advise you of your fees for importing internationally. educate yourself.  you have to pay the shipping company because they paid it for you at customs.
@alex large i already have my 3doodler 2.0... and the bill just came today. maybe i could get away with not paying it?
@italians backers - 35,81 € for vat. i'll try it noooow...
typical luck, they tried to deliver 5 minutes after i left. at least i now can track (for re-delivery) through the much more competent interlink express, rather than sky net.  @kirsti if you don't pay, they just won't send it on, so you won't get your 3doodler 2.0.  @kokobin maplin charged £99.99 for the 1.0, so it's likely the new one won't be any cheaper. as a community backer, even with vat & fees, it only came to around £91 total.
and it will soon be available at your nearest maplin store/online without this vat swindle.
got the same bill.
i got a bill from sky net too... £24.51. out of curiosity, what would happen if i refuse to pay? they cant force me to pay this right? i really do not want to pay this!
richard, in a lot of cases it is not the shipper but rather customs which is horrible!!! they will take out all kinds is stupid taxes and extra fees on something relatively inexpensive and make it cost more. especially european customs. they are the worst so much so i will never order anything from europe again. i'm in the u.s. and the only time i've ever had to pay customs fees is when something comes in from europe. and it works the other way around too. my friends and family in europe complain all the time about extra custom fees and taxes if they order something outside of europe. and what's most disturbing is they are usually unexpected charges! as in the person providing the product has no idea and is just as shocked and appalled! and frankly it's b.s! it's not right to charge an extra tax and fee on something someone already paid taxes on. i do agree on one thing tho. there should be better handling of getting the backers the tracking numbers. i know that wobbleworks is a small team and they do their best. but the batch shipping needs to be handled differently in the future. i still think you will get your 3doodler soon. i'd say wait until next week then if you don't get it b**th up a storm ;)
wobbleworks, you've done it again.  i finally had a chance to try my new 3doodler last night, and it is amazing, so much better than the first!  i love the double click to continuous doodle, i love that the plastic comes out constantly instead of fits and starts, i love that i can use it longer than the last one before cooling down.  and i might be overusing the word love, but seriously, that flexy plastic is wonderful!  i want more.  i hope you will have it for sale online soon?  in more colors?  i want a bunch!  and more pla, you've listed lots of new colors since my last purchase but i want to buy everything at once to save on shipping :)  i was surprised by how forcefully the plastic has to be pushed in to engage with the gears, i was nervous, so i'm glad the instructions were so clear.  thank you!
congratulations to all of you that have their 3doodler 2.0! at least you have something to complain about...:-) today is the last day of april, no product , no notification, and not expecting my delivery. @creator..you need to find out what the status is of our3doodlers and update everyone. i don't believe your shipper is doing you justice! if i worked for you i would not be happy at all of the situation, and would surely be demanding they fix the problem and stop charging whatever fees they are demanding on the european customers. the shipper does not deserve any more money for the cost of being late! again, before all the attackers get on me...this is not about wobbleworks..it's the shipper! if anyone is disrespecting anyone here it is the shipper disrespecting their contract with wobbleworks!
45€ requested by dhl in france, this is really too much..
@paul - we'll contact you directly via messaging and set up a skype chat. we can get you up and running pretty fast, and if not we always find other ways to get backers creating.
thanks for the reply, i tried it with different plastic and it just wouldn't work, and the maintenance metal wouldn't fit back anymore. i haven't been this frustrated for years.
@paul - the flexy is optimised for the pen and feeds very well. it may need a push to feed, but once gripped it should sail through. to stop the curling and get a straight line of doodle you simply need to press the pen firmly into the paper so that it grips/anchors well. this was set out in the quickstart guide and the recent updates. if you are still having issues please message us via ks and we'll gladly skype with you to get you doodling like a pro.
45€ requested by dhl in italy :(.
truly disappointed. i first try to put one plastic in the pen. the flexy plastic is too big to go into the nozzle. i had to open the maintenance cover to force it through, after it finally went through, with the fast speed, it's still way too slow that it's almost not moving, i had to push it from the back to make it through, even with the push, the plastic still comes out all curly and not a line. i think this is the worst kickstarter project i've ever participate in
just received my $99 tier package yesterday, and i have to pay rp 338.000, which is about $25, here in indonesia.. a bit expensive, but still ok.. haven't got the time to try myself my first 3doodler 2.0, coz i'm planning to give this as a surprise for my lovely fiancee.. she will definitely love it and use the most of it.. can't wait for that day to come.. so in the meantime, i just watch all other backers 3doodling on youtube.. anyway, thanks a lot to wobbleworks, you guys really made something incredible..
@nigel...there are no other charges if your destination is the united states.  these additional charges are due to the destination country and have nothing to do with wobbleworks
je suis très supris de devoir payer 41€ de frais de douane !! ce n'est pas très sérieux !! i am very suprised to have to pay € 41 customs fee !! this is not very serious !!
41€ requested by dhl in france. not cool, wobbleworks.
@sandra - grazie sandra. should you pay it cash or by card? i'll prepare the money, mine is in alessandria, i got the mail this morning. 35€ !!! wow... i wander how expensive will be to order new plastic strands...
at least you could have given an estimate for the extra payment duties. €42 for belgium. seriously?
35€ of custom charges?! really?!? how to be respectful and considerate...
@aerdna,italy. finally i have the package in my hand this afternoon i open everything customs fee 35 € bye
is there really going to be an additional fee for shipping. and if so what is the expected amount for the u.s.
have any packages been shipped to latin america? (i'm from chile).  most of the recent comments i'm reading here are from people from the uk. just wondering if the more 'remote' destinations are still pending.
i forgot ... still no signs of my shipping (no package obviously ... and no tracking number) ... it should be out since a while, though. (was in the 1st batch or so i am told)
ok, guys ... i have read that some of you received their package from dhl.  so i assume that at least some are from germany. question is: what tax did you had to pay? i usually don't have cash at home and like to know what i need for my 130$ package (didn't made it for the 99$ ones. :( )
afraid import vat (don't think there is any duty at these levels) is simply a reality in the uk folks. whilst i am annoyed about the tracking email error / dubious courier / wwllc vs inspiring world nonsense, import vat is a uk legal requirement and is out of wwllc control. could project creators, especially experienced ones, be a bit more upfront about duties? yes, but if anyone is deliberately sitting on their asses here to coin in the rewards its kickstarter who easily have the resources to provide estimated duties etc when you back.
thanks to other commentors for previous assistance and for the heads up about the duty/brokerage fees. yes it's a pain, but not too unexpected here at least - anything i buy in canada from the us or elsewhere usually involves extra fees of various sorts.  i wanted to mention i did get a tracking email yesterday, followed this morning by a recorded voice message from dhl asking me to sign in and pay about $34 in fees (don't know the breakdown yet). so i guess that's about on par with what others are seeing. it beats the time canada post showed up at the door with the package and asked us to pay the duties and taxes on the spot plus a $5 fee to cover them collecting it!
hi. i just wanted to add that i am in the uk and have also got an invoice through the post for an extra £24.51 from a company called skynet. exceptionally cheesed off with this as it now doesn't seem to be the bargain i first thought. i assumed the delivery charge added when i backed this kick starter covered the cost to my front door. i feel the very least the doodler guys could do is offer a refund or something to cover this cost maybe?
looks as if i should have went fishing this month, no 3doodler yet and april ends tomorrow. i would love to cheer on the creator, but so far things have not been going well in their favor. just for future reference, i had to have a replacement part for my 3d printer shipped from china through hong kong, they used fed-ex and it took only 3 days. i recommend a new shipper wobble works.
for me it was:skynet, value $100.00, uk duty £15.06, use of customs deferrment account £0.45, admin fee £9.00...which comes to £24.51, plus £1.00 if you want to pay by debit card or 3% for a credit card. i paid online via bacs, so i'll let you know how long it takes them to notice my payment and send my parcel (i did phone them afterwards to tell them i'd paid them some money, but they just seemed a bit confused and didn't bother to take my details, so...) generally a more irritating and inconvenient experience than i'm used to when receiving international shipments, which is quite often.
@freddie, parcelforce charge a large admin fee when holding for customs which isn't the manufactures fault, in fact most companies take an admin fee whilst holding the product as they paid customs on your behalf, so the custom fee charged would of been considerably lower than the amount they have requested from you. furthermore delivery said earliest april so they have been pretty good on that front.
i'm in the uk and i had to pay £26.41 from parcelforce worldwide just so they would release my doodler from their storage depot- that's outrageous as we have already paid for shipping from you guys. i'm disappointed for a product that i managed to get cheaper due to my commitment in your company and a risk on my part. i have now paid over retail price for the product and have been waiting for it to arrive for quite a while now. i would like to know what you will be doing to resolve this issue thanks  freddie
i'm in the uk and i had to pay £26.41 from parcelforce worldwide just so they would release my doodler from their storage depot- that's outrageous as we have already paid for shipping from you guys. i'm disappointed for a product that i managed to get cheaper due to my commitment in your company and a risk on my part. i have now paid over retail price for the product and have been waiting for it to arrive for quite a while now. i would like to know what you will be doing to resolve this issue thanks  freddie
the delivery fulfilment group skynet (seriously) london are a joke. no website payments. can only pay by bacs transfer or give out card details over phone, which given quality of paperwork just isn't going to happen. real shame as this is just not comparable to wobbleworks professionalism and excellent service.
uk as well, not heard anything yet from a courier of wobble works. i just want to get doodling! :(
not got my doodler yet, uk resident but very worried about this extra money duty everyone's going on about :(
@richard $100 (around £65) was declared, £14.50 taxes, £9 handling, £1 card payment.
i have been told the declared value is 100 euros which is far higher than it should be and probably effecting the duty added in the uk. i haven't received mine yet but it will be interesting to see what happens.
i'm not sure what's going on here in the uk. i'm still in the dark with the hoops people are jumping through to get hold of their delivery - i really hope we don't really need to do this? @shane - did you have to pay anything to get the delivery - can you tell us how much the value of the parcel was declared at? for customs and vat duty etc. @alex and mick - that does not sound correct? import duty and tax should not be that high for such a small value item. what was the declared value on the paperwork? this needs to be sorted out asap
i'm in the uk too and haven't received anything, yet probably should have at this rate. just out of curiosity to those in the uk, are you receiving emails or letters in the mail asking you to pay the import fee? i have a feeling something like that could go straight to my junkmail (which i've checked) £25 extra is more than we should have to pay, but at this point there's nothing we can do about it unfortunately.
yes - bit dissapointed. this didn't happen with 3doodler 1. just recieved a very amateur unreadable printout asking for another £25 ($40) for import duty before this very unprofessional looking comapny will deliver. considering the value of the doodler - this should really be about £12-£15 max for importduty and tax - looks like we are being ripped off by the partner of your hong kong manufacturer. - skynet london. real shame as last time was faultless, and this just feels like a hold up and/or extortion.
an extra £25.50 later (only paid £65 for pen + shipping) my pen should be here tomorrow (uk).  when the sender isn't the same as your company, you really should let customers know. the emails/letters asking for money are dodgy enough anyway, without it listing a different company...
does anyone happen to know of a usb to dc 1.35mm cable that could be used for 3doodler? i bought 1 off the net but the cable could not supply enough power for the 3doodler to be run. the powerbank i used is 5v 2 ampere so i thought there should be enough power.
received mine in the uk a couple days ago, so they are running out. i was an early bird though
still no delivery :( 3doodler team - i assume you are consolidating shipping in the uk? do you know if the bulk shipment from hk or usa has landed here in the uk yet? - just trying to get an idea when it's likely to appear. i'm backer number #1007 - in the uk many thanks for any info on uk shipments rich.
if you get frustrated for the slow shipping just think of lix backers.
@sandra @italianbackers hi, i got my tracking number too. expected delivery date 4/5/15. the pen is still in hk now. dhl.  the reason why the shipping is so slow is because they use "quantum service", they wrote: "quantium services (which use local post office) can take up to 10-21 working days to be delivered." bye
i got an email saying my package arrived at the london hub and i need too contact the skynet team too arrange delivery also it has the tracking number for my pen. i'm not sure if this is a scam/phishing email or legit.
loving this latest creation from archie: https://twitter.com/archiemiller/status/593234847918874624. @all - we're in the process of getting on top of your messages and comments, many of which are individual backer specific. where that's the case we'll handle them via direct message so as to protect your personal details. we are also in the process of finding out why there are some irregularities in the uk shipping process.
i'm seeing the same thing as many others but i also just received my tracking number.. for singapore. i suspect it was another batch of pens that went out even though my survey came on march 31st. oh well - the important thing is that it's on it's way!
@creator-is shipping air or sea?
@aerdna i have the tracking number i'm happy seems estimated delivery 4 may dhl express from hong kong ciao
just got my tracking number for perk "accessorize: doodlestand + nozzles!" says it's shipping to australia via toll. "29 apr 15; 09:42: hong kong: booking arranged"
just got my tracking details for accessorize bundle to australia.
update> good news... i just checked my email and this afternoon i did get a reply from my original ticket of friday. :) i will follow that up.
if anyone has a tracking number that doesn't work, try using it on this site instead: http://www.dpex.com/index
if anyone is wonder who "inspiring world limited (hong kong)" is, apparently they seem to be sending out the 3doodlers, by a company called dpex.  so if you get an email from noreply.hkgcs, it's about your 3doodler.
wife received her doodler yesterday and took it to school today (she's a high school librarian, hoping to use the device in her 'maker space').  so far so good. one knucklehead took off the cover to change the color of the plastic (and apparently replacing that cover is not easy) - but otherwise she and the kids are enjoying it so far!
@caroll fyi, i contacted the website and got an auto response with a ticket number last friday. i went back to the website this afternoon to follow up on the ticket with the link in the auto response email and it said no ticket found or do you not have permission to view the ticket. i then registered at the website as a new user and submitted my request again and got a new ticket number that i can now log into and view. you may want to check out doing the same.
@bgfilly, thank you for taking your time and providing your experience with us. i appreciate and i'm sure you are right. i send them a message via the kickstarter message system and the message i received in less than a minutes told me to write to cs@the3doodler.com. so i did, and cs@the3...com send me an automated message saying that a ticket was created on the helpdesk 3doodler.kayako.com. since that nothing have moved. i'll make an update thursday of my status, i'll be quiet untill.
really disappointed with the way shipping has been handled.  was really not expecting to have to pay brokerage fees, cod fees, etc.  this has increased my costs by 30%, honestly would not have backed this project if i had known then that the 'shipping' i paid for did not include at least some of these costs.  i also note that the faq on your site indicating that backers might be responsible was not posted until after i signed up.  this should really have been up front - first time i've had to pay these types of charges after backing quite a few projects.  has really taken the shine off my new toy.
carol,l write to them via the kickstarter message system and you will get a much quicker response. as far as the switch being a flaw. thus far there are no reports of the switch malfunctioning. until i see otherwise i'm not going to assume that there is a malfunction in the switches or a major problem with the pens. as it could just be my pen alone. remember this pen traveled from hong kong all the way to chicago and may have been jolted or thrown around in a plane and in a delivery vehicle and sadly because of this sometimes things break. i will not place the blame on wobbleworks if i don't know what caused the malfunction. my pen broke i contacted them and they did me justice and made it right by sending me a new pen. i'm perfectly content with that. now, i'm sorry you're having issues with your pen but if you send them a message via the kickstarter messaging service you will get a response very quickly. if you email them it will take a few days or longer. they have stated this repeatedly, specifically in their latest update. so try that route. see what they say. it may be a simple fix and you will be doodling in no time. the creator has even mentioned being more than willing to get on skype with someone to walk them through a fix. and if there is fix i have faith that they will do what they can to make it right. try not be so down on wobbleworks they are a small person team with over 10,000 orders to contend with, and unfortunately when you have that much product in mass production and shipping out simultaneously sometimes things don't go as smoothly. it's not uncommon or unheard of. the point here is that if something does go wrong this company does do it's best to fix it. i hope you get your issue sorted out soon.
*correction* you should have received some message, try to contact them it is the best solution. maybe your email provider....
@bgfilly, i'm glad to hear that you had a response in a minute and assistance with your problem. but it's your experience and i cannot verify what you wrote so i can't answer your question '' how is that not being a good company? ''. at the moment like i said, i'm unhappy with the service and the product. it doesn't mean i think it's a bad company but they have to prove it to me. they made it right but the switch malfunctioned ? this is an antithesis, it makes no sense. there is a flaw somewhere to cause that. @sally tinis, i'm in canada and i received my tracking number the day i received the pen(yesterday). you should have received some messagetry to contact them it is the best solution from them, maybe your email provider took them as spam message. look in the spam box.
ive had my 3doodler 2.0 for a couple weeks now, my longest session was about 3-4 hours straight. so far its worked very well, havnt had any tough jams or anything. i mainly just measure how i use my plastic and im careful when i reverse it by making sure that whats still inside is long enough to still come out. i also have the first one from their first kickstarter, it still works, and my overall experience with my 3doodler's has been great. im honeslty excited to see what theyre gonna make next :d
@hattie - thanks, that tracking link worked. my status is the same as alex large's - "arrived in hub" 3 days ago and second entry today saying it's still "arrived in hub". did you get a dpex email? much as they were vilified for it, pebble handled this well in my opinion, they offered standard shipping with usual customs lottery and delay or you could pay pebble (not a 3rd party you've never heard of) customs and handling up front and get the delivery faster with no customs payment delay - akin to the option you get with some international ebay items (hint, hint kickstarter ;)
carroll for your information there are probably a lot of happy customers using the 3doodler, unfortunately people aren't as quick at leaving positive feedback as leaving negative feedback when something goes wrong. looking at the comments i would say currently the positive feedback far outweighs negative. that being said i understand it must be frustrating and can only assume that the company probably has a lot of emails to answer and hopefully your issue gets resolved swiftly.
mickie, the plastic does tend to warp some as it cools. if you want a perfectly flat piece if you're going to be building something and want uniformity you could try using a heat gun and it will make the piece flatter.
i got mine yesterday. i tried it out this morning. i was wondering what kind of paper others have used to doodle. i used just a sheet of notebook paper and it warped the plastic a little.  i was thinking a piece of matt board might work?
i got my pen today! i missed the dhl delivery yesterday. it took a couple of minutes to start extruding but once it started it was a very enjoyable time. thanks for the great product. i just need to buy the 100 strand packs as soon as they become available. i will have to keep practicing till then. thanks!
i just hope that wen i'll order plastic refill i'll receive them faster...
has anyone in canada had courier issues? i don't have a tracking number yet (later backer), but after reading the comments regarding delivery companies in the uk, i'm wondering if i've missed some kind of similar contact email. (anything like that would be deleted as spam.) i've never had a real courier try to email to arrange delivery though - that would be a first.
no caroll i don't work for them. but ever since the first version of the pen if something has gone wrong they've always fixed it or given me guidance on how to correct the issue. the pen worked great. then i had a switch issue. contacted wobbleworks got a response in minutes and they are sending me a new pen. how is that not being a good company? they could have told me i'm out of luck but the didn't. they made it right. i'll defend a good company when i see it. the pen worked beautifully until the switch malfunctioned. am i upset? sure. but wobbleworks made it right. no reason for me to get pissed.
(update) i sended a message yesterday to cs@the3doodler.com and waiting an answer. for those who don't know me and @al pavlak seems to have the same problem. our pen does not extrude and we have done some test. @bgfilly do you work for them ? saying that the odds are fairly good with over 10,000 backers and only a selected few posting issues is far from being factual. first, not every backers have received their pen. second, there is 1,361 comments, some have posted more than once like me and some might not comment their satisfaction or issue here. third, if you take the time to count negative versus positive you are wrong, and what tell me that wwllc employee don't come here and comment positive things. it is for they're advantage. you also say that your new v2 pen broke and you still love it. i'm happy for you that you enjoy defective product but it's not my case, especially for 175$.. you also add '' well worth the price, not a waste of money, worth every penny '', really, it is worth it ? you can't use it.. '' wobbleworks is making it right.. , always made it right.. , will help you make it right.. , when you have a good company there isn't much to worry about.. , have faith that your pen will be awesome.. ''  you definetely are a customer that every company wants. beside protecting wwllc interest and not being able to use your brand new pen have you received an answer from them that say your going to be refund? yet i'm an unsatisfied customer of wwlc, sorry if you think i'm attacking you it's not my goal. but the way you wrote things makes it look like propaganda and as a customer we should support each others not the company. at the moment i find the odds more negative than positive. so we should work together to get every backers happy. @noel gibson, go down and look at my post and @al pavlak post. probably the space between the rotor and the cover that is too tight. i think it's that because you wrote that '' now that the cover is on it extrude slow ''  it was extruding without the cover on ? if yes it's probably the same problem that i have and al pavlak have.. we might be 3 now with this problem.
@sandra, i received a text message from the courier (dhl) with a link to their website to pay the taxes.
@robbie - agreed, very uncomfortable with just handing over payment details to an unknown company over the phone.  also confused as to how my parcels last 2 updates are:  25 apr 00:12 - london - arrived at hub 28 apr 09:51 - london - arrived at hub some official word on the couriers/payment takers would be appreciated.
@creator i got my maintenance cover back on but now my pen extrudes plastic really slow. i checked to see if it was jammed but it was not. thus i need some advice
@marjolein,karin. hi i have a question. did you received a phone call from the courier ? how they advice you about the fee ? thanks
unpleasant surprise, have to pay more than 40 euro customs fee to get my delivery in the netherlands.
hey, haven't got an tracking code from you guys but do get a bill for €35,- customs fee. what's up with that? greetings from the netherlands
sandra, it came with dhl and i had no customs fee to pay ($119 level).
@stefan hi what kind of courier service you have got it ? what about custom fee ? thanks let me know. i'm an italy backer 99$ reward bye
3doodler arrived today in switzerland. thank you ww!!!
waiting over 3 weeks now since they claim to have started dispatching the pens.... still not received a tracker number let alone the pen...  (im in the uk, northern ireland)
@robbie gorman - i'm also in the uk and got the au tracking link. i found this url worked for me instead: http://www.tollgroup.com/toll-global-express-track-trace
i'm usually of the "wait and it'll sort itself out" viewpoint but this is seriously poor from a company with real experience of international shipping. first i get a tracking email which links me to an australian delivery company (i'm in the uk) and shows a parcel containing 1000 "degreaser capsules" delivered in 2012. mistakes happen but i had to read the comments to be comfortable that wasn't an issue. there should have been an immediate ks update as soon as this was spotted. then i get what i originally assumed was a scam email from a company i've never heard of saying i have a consignment from hong kong from "inspiring world limited" and i should call them. i actually showed it to a friend commenting on what a good piece of spam it was. only out of curiosity did i search the consignment number in my emails and see it matched 3doodlers email with my degreaser pods.. now i see people saying they have got this email after their 3doodler was delivered?! i back a lot of kickstarters and buy a lot of stuff from abroad but i've never had such an email. letter / postcard from royal mail / fedex / tnt or whatever but this is new. are these guys legit? if so wobbleworks have seriously cocked this up. this is not a "whining backers" issue - if you expect me to hand over my payment details to some random 3rd party after you've screwed up the tracking emails and the consignment is from a company i've never heard of then you'd really better explain this far in advance. complete lack of ks updates on either the original tracking email error or this is inexcusable. even a "standby we're looking into this" would have sufficed.
not impressed with paying over 2.5x the hmrc customs fee to a 3rd party company with the customer service skill and politeness of a team of wild monkeys. when asked why so much, they said it was for their handling fee, but it turns out that they dont even touch the parcel and that interlink/dpd handle direct from the uk entry point where no duty was requested by hmrc and the package loaded into a dpd van today for delivery tomorrow... at least it its a quick service (4 working days from hk to uk), but you end up paying around 55-60% on top of the cost of the pen for "charges". beware that the arrival notice email may end up in your spam tray as it appears to be a fake email at first, but they are legit and do deal with you via phone (but have your credit card ready!) my email came from noreply.hkgcs@dpex.com and i had to call (0044) - 020 85381900 (ignore the 0044 if you are in the uk)
@creator, how about swirled plastic sticks?
i am a first time 3doodler.  i tried it this morning. i'll have to practice that's for sure. :-)  i'm anxious to see what my daughter will create.
hello, an update from a fellow backer. i have received my 3doodler 2.0 on april 27th i would have goten it on the 24th but i was not home.  i pledged the accessorized level, it was shipped from hong kong and i live in iowa.
most if not all are shipped from hong kong
@michael,alexandre i understand they are really fast from hong kong but my point is when will arrive in hong kong ? i'm happy that somebody also in france got the tracking info i hope to get it soon. bye bye from italy
accessorize level....picked up in hong kong....april 22nd,  delivered ohio, usa on april 24th....dhl...to get an idea of how quickly they move from source to destination
@alexandre ehh so bad :(
@alexandre- unfortunately this probably apiles to all acsesorize backers.:(
@european backers. we'll all have to be patient. as accessorize backer, i thought that since shipping started on the 6th april, i would have it in april... i just got notification, it was given to dhl hong kong last night. i was patient till now because... you know ... "you'll get your pens before the delivery notification". well, i must say i am more than a little disappointed.
@mick, ben - i also got the same email, tried to call but apparently an invalid number. will wait and see if, like with james, it gets delivered anyway.
nothing from italy.
i got my pen delivered yesterday in the uk via dpd but received the message from dpex this morning?
@angelo hi unfortunately no news for italy i have to wait like you. when i have more information i let you know here bye
@jabberwock hi what courier they used for you ? thanks
@ben - yes, thought it was another phishing attempt, but the fact it used my full details lead to a bit more investigation. looks legit. it's terrestrial uk phone number so no £10/min fee. i can only imagine they want an enhanced duty fee before releasing, but i'm not going to be sharing details over the phone, and really that transaction should be with hmrc direct rather than 3rd party. i'm waiting to hear back from wobbleworks, but then i'll give them a call. let you know what happens.
any news on italy deliveries please? thanks
hi mick i have received this email too and straight away thought it was a fraudulent email. but now i have seen you have it to i assume it must be legit? seems strange we need to arrange delivery though.
hey dods! in the uk and received a mysterious email from dpex worldwide distribution in hong kong who have given me a reference number (which doesn't work on their site) and a number in the uk which looks like a legit company (diamond dispatch). all my details are correct, but the apparently need to arrange deliver, which feels a bit suspect. has anyone else in uk had same communication and if you are around wobble works, did you use dpex to distribute.
richard, i think the odds are fairly good. with over 10,000 backers and only a select few posting that they have had issues those are some pretty good chances that the rest of the people got good pens! i don't think anyone is going to take you up on your bet cause you will prolly get your pen this week lol. but get excited! this is a cool tool! honestly,  even tho mine broke i still love it! i'm a mixed media artist and it is one of the tools i use the most. as of right now i have 3..well 2 and a busted v2 lol but as soon as i get my replacement v2 pen i will have 3. and as i stated before i am considering buying another. well worth the price. here is the sears tower. it stand at over 3 feet tall right now. i have to create the antennas an finish detailing it out. it took me over a year to do with the version one of the pen. https://twitter.com/bgfilly/status/586735711543398400
@bgfilly i hope your right friend, odds are not good right now. i was really disappointed when you said yours broke was counting on you to keep me excited about this. i still didn't get any takers on my bet....lol
richard, i think the issue here is that there are so many pens that have been mass produced and then they are being shipped all over the world that there are bound to be issues that come up here and there. which is not unexpected nor unusual with any mass production. unexpected issues come up all the time. but when you have a good company there isn't much to worry about because that company will do their best to make their customers happy. and i feel like we have that with wobbleworks just dealing with them since generation 1 of the 3doodler. and trust me the 3doodler is  so not a waste of money at all! it is worth every penny! even with the issues that have popped up! yes, i'm sad mine isn't working right but wobbleworks is making it right. my issue is with the switch, i cant turn the pen off and when i try to switch it to the pla setting it wont change over stays lit blue which is the abs setting. sucks but like i said wobbleworks is making it right. and from what i have seen they are ready and willing to get on skype to help people out who are having issues. i had some issues come up with my first  generation pen too, specifically with the flow buttons one of them kept dying on the pens but wobbleworks always made it right. they are good like that. so have faith that your pen will be awesome and if it's not then wobblworks will help you make it right! i'm considering investing in a second  v2 pen as well. i have two first gens as well and i still use them in addition to the new one. it's easier when you have more than one pen and working on a project with many colors. dont have to switch out.
@ richard a. vandermey i got mine today.  a day early.  of course i had to go to work and could not try it out yet.  i just got home and i am going to read the instructions first,  not my normal way, but i want to be successful and i'm pretty tired tonight. :)
ok things are starting to get scarey like maybe i wasted my money? forget the fact it hasn't arrived, what about all these issues? maybe i should keep the box closed and put it on my desk as the most expensive paper weight ever?
had anyone else's fan stopped working, mine lasted 1 day.
got mine today, will try it out tonight.
my 3doodler switch stopped working. i can power on but not off and i can't heat up the pla setting. :( sent a message to the creator
hi. i just got my 3doodler today and tried it out for the first time. it was working well so i went to change the nozzle and i started to unscrew it. as i was unscrewing it, the part of the 3doodler that the nozzle screws into broke off. here is a picture: http://imgur.com/atndgse the 3doodler was still plugged in and the nozzle was hot so i don't understand why this happened. maybe i had a defective model? anyway i don't know what to do and i was hoping you could help me out. thanks.
has anyone in australia received their accessorize bundle yet.
thank you 3doodle team, i just got my 3doodler accessorize bundle today and love it!  it is so easy and fun to use i already know it was my greatest purchase ever made!
hi, i have not received my pen. is it normal?
caroll-o’s post prompted me to take another look since it sounds very similar. i have looked at things again and it appears the plastic rod does not go far enough in to contact the drive gear. if i insert the plastic until i feel some resistance, push it in more firmly and then take the maintenance cover off the rod is only half way through the opening. no matter how hard in push the stick in it will not go past this point with the cover on. it’s not anywhere near meshing with the gear or melting chamber. if i heat things up and guide the rod down and into the melting chamber with the cover off and push on its end i do get some extrusion although i still seems really hard to push. what to do?
woo hoo! i got my pen today!
hellooo all we got our pen thursday lov it did a vid on my youtube channel arcmatter yes there is plenty to learn but i am ready for 2.0 of fun thx's 3doodler and all of you at wobbleworks keep it up
received our accessorize 3doodler today. lots to learn but no issues thus far. a little clear plastic came out before our first strand. thanks to wobbleworks for the great videos. thanks to fellow 3doodlers for all the great tips.
hi, would you be able to provide us with a tracking link? i did not receive one. which company are you shipping with (germany)? thanks a lot!
thank you @kateyg my mistake people, i paid the right price. there is no more issue with the price for the product. but being informed about possible extre fees would have been great.  my problem :  i feel resistance when trying to turn and push a stick in it, it looks like the distance between the cover and the (parts to make it flow) is too tight. to test that assumption, i unplugged the cord, put a stick in it and make it go in the hole by pushing down(if i don't push down it will never go in the hole, i know it's the job of the cover due to is design), then i tried to put the cover back and it really feels tight, i cannot closed it and put the small metal piece back. then i tested 1low heat stick and 1high heat stick, both get stuck before arriving in the middle of the open space(when the cover is off). everything else looks to work fine (lights, motor, fan, button, reverse). i know that they tested it because there is clear melted plastic in the tip. i'm pretty much sure my problem is the space between the cover and that parts who's job is to turn and make it flow.
here is what i did to get the tip out: take a pipe cleaner that is regular sized and unwind it (there are two strands of wire, just unwind them and this will remove the fuzzy stuff as well).  unwind it to a length that will fit the length of your pen, and then straighten it by holding one end (this is easier if you leave some of the fluffy stuff on the end, so you can hold it) and running clamped pliers down the length of it a few times (close the pliers on the wire, and pull them along the length of the wire.  get any residue off of the wire). turn on your 3doodler, as the pen must be heated for some reason for this to work.  take off the tip, turn off the 3doodler, and unplug it as well (i did this while it was still plugged in, which was probably not a very good idea in retrospect).  quickly, insert the single untwisted wire strand into the front of the pen, where the nozzle was.  if the tip of the cleaning tool is stuck in the gears, it might take a few tries/getting past wax stuck in the tip to get it out.  you might have to put a bit of pressure on the wire to get it out, but you should hear it rattle and see it fall out the end of the pen.  you may have to reheat the pen a few times to get this to work. don't burn yourself/leave it plugged in, and if you think you'll break it, i'd just send it in for repairs.  i'm not sure if the warranty will still cover it.
@caroll-olivier, since the offering was in us dollars the cost was in usd.  the conversion between canadian dollars and us dollars is why there's a difference in what you had to pay to wobbleworks directly. the $30.97 extra is out of wobbleworks hands as well.  it's comprised of the gst/pst (which, depending on the province you live in, may be anywhere from 5% to 15%) and the brokerage fees that are determined by the courier.  depending on which courier the brokerage fees the charge range from annoying to infuriating. on the bright side you've received yours (sorry to hear it's not working as expected based on your latest post --- hopefully someone will post a solution soon.)  i'm an accessorize backer in canada who has no pen and no tracking number.  i'm trying to be patient but it's tough when you see people getting to play with their new toys.
hi there. hoping my tracker number is listed on my account, on your end.  we run from the school bus to the mail box everyday...the calorie burn is good yet the disappointment is rough.  please lmk timing to manage expectations on this end. thanks & excited! :0)
(update) i received my 3doodler and i have the same problem of @al pavlak. i could copy paste what he wrote.. my 3doodler (175$) doesn't work out of the box.
creator, while i haven't had a problem with the cleaning tool. i have a question about it. how come it's not just a straight tool like the one for the 1.0 why is it spring like? is it cause of the design of the pen? the tip of it seems very flimsy. and judging by a few of the posts it seems to come over easy.
oh man if mickie is right, i might lose my bet, strange no one accepted my challenge lol. guess i'll buy my own pack of filaments ...:-)
@pat heiden i am the same backer level as you.  i got a tracking number and i should get mine by the 28th.  i live in kansas.  i would expect you will get yours this week too. :)
i just received my new 3doodler 2.0 and i cannot get it to work from my very first try. it will not extrude any plastic. it heats up till the led is happy, seems to load ok, i feel some resistance as i put the stick into the gears. motor runs but nothing comes out. the plastic then seems to get stuck in the system reverse does not help and i have to remove the maintenance cover per the instructions to get the stick out. i have tried both plastics and heats and turned the temp control all the way clockwise. its like its not hot enough, the stick is not making it into the hole to where it actually gets melted or the plastic is not being grabbed tight enough by the gears. i have let it warm up even longer, 15 minutes. i have carefully gone through all the trouble shooting steps in the instructions with no improvement. i have reviewed and tried everything in your update #14 with videos. i also did have the same problem as brian r. with the cleaning rod tip coming off. what do i do get this working, get a replacement or refund? thanks, al
@brian i had the same problem, except for mine actually caused some problems (see a few posts down).  i don't think it was only yours that was defective.  i might call about a replacement, but since the tip is already off of mine, i'll probably just use the cleaning tool without the tip.
i pledge for the '' 3doodler 2.0: pen + plastics! ''. the cost was 114$ and the shipping to canada 15$. when wobbleworks llc took the money on my credit card, they took 145$.. and now i have to pay 30,97$ for custom fees. i usually like surprise.. i tought to pay 130 $ or close to that but now i'm paying 175 $. i want to know why it's like that wobbleworks llc ?
i just got my pen and used the cleaning rod after first use.  after that, the pen seemed to be clogged and i did all the recommended things to unclog to no avail.  finally i put the cleaning rod back in and it got stuck - when i pulled it out, the tip of the cleaning rod (which apparently came off the first time) reconnected and that was the culprit.  needless to say, i don't feel comfortable using the cleaning rod again.  i think i must have received a defective one since the tip fell off so easily.  how do i go about getting a replacement?
i got my pen last week. i got the pen before i got the tracking information. i was one of the 85 dollar community backers. a few hours after my pen was delivered(the same day) i received an email with the tracking number. i'm in the chicago area and my pen was shipped from hong kong and arrived at my door via dhl 3 days after it was shipped according to the tracking information listed.
i was told that mine should be shipping.  i was at the $170 backing amount.  i really would like to get a tracking number.
so, what you are saying in your update is that, those of use who selected the double accessorize reward, can rest assured that our order has shipped to us here in the us, even though we have not yet received our tracking number......correct ?
any news on uk deliveries please?
@dan - israel ships via registered post and your pen should have gone out. it will be with you soon. we just saw your message (from yesterday) and will revert soon.
i keep reading about most of the pens are shipped already, but im a day 1 backer, and i haven't receive any information regarding my shipment, and i sent a ks message and got no answer. posted a comment before and didn't get any answer. sitting and waiting with no clue whats going on sucks =\
@laura & @waldek - thanks, i hope it's from hk as i always get stung with a minimum of £18 'import and delivery services duty' when getting almost anything from the usa - if it's declared at over $50 value. i'm happy to wait, just want to know i was not missed off :) doodle on everyone.
@laura jayne milkman from hk, anway is shipped via dhl so max is 2-3 days
@richrap3d don't forget this is shipped from the us so may take longer for us :( still awaiting mine and filled surverys same time.
i just received mine. for information i had to pay 32€ custom fees (france)
hello @creator and 3doodler team - i submitted my survey on march 17th and have not yet received my shipment - did you forget about me :( i'm backer number #1007 - in the uk -  i know it'll be madness so any update is appreciated, thank you so much :) rich.
@all - as of today 80% of pens have shipped or are packed, labelled and pending collection from our depot. we've been moving as fast as possible and you should all be doodling soon. the only pens not to go out yet are the edu orders (these have always been scheduled for later), bling bling pens (freshly engraved today, pending packing and shipping by the weekend), and a thousand or so orders where we have had to verify the shipping details/had courier send them back to us/last minute changes of address. rest assured all pens are on their way, although trackers may take a few days to filter through. a full update is coming later today!
@alessandro hi where are you from? same situation for me here in italy if i know more i post immediately here bye
@ creator hello i had sent to you a private message on kickstarter to know the tracking code. let me know something. thanks alessandro
@tobias the only thing we can do right now is wait. i have contacted the support team about the delay but everybody told me i have to wait the tracking number will arrive soon.  i hope this week. i write almost every day here. i'm 99$ backer first wave from italy
@tobias i havnt gotten it either... backend the community special...
hey, my doodler hasnt arrived yet, is that normal?
@ halle congrats, now get to makin. you have time to make up for
sorry for so many posts!  but i wanted to say that i used chris's idea and was able to get the piece out of the pen!  it was lodged in there, but i'm really glad that it wasn't something i had somehow done to break the pen. here's the culprit, next to a sharpie for comparison. http://oi58.tinypic.com/f5995d.jpg really glad that it wasn't a mechanical issue!
thank you so much @chris!  i hadn't thought of that.  hopefully i can try tomorrow.
@ noel gibson: we'll be posting a video in the next 24hrs to help show you how to do this.
@creator i can not put my maintenance back on. is it possible to doodle with the metal bar not completely pushed in? please reply soon
@ halle dont know if this will work but try something thin and stiff (think piano wire) and smooth. about the dia. of a nozzle tip. take the tip off , with everything unplugged of course and see if you can poke it out while shaking upside down. if it's stuck with filament you may have to alternate letting heatand cool maybe while upside down? might be enough to free it. if youre not sure no problem in asking for a return. abs flows really nice when its hot, you can hear the pen bubble a little when its good to go. just be warned its best to clear the pen if you switch abs to pla the temp differential going down gives more issues, the other way not so much. if the pen starts to become less responsive   let it, or the filament inside cool, i think that after a bit the filament hits a state where its warm but the gears dont really grab. let the filament cool  and it will get hard again, the gears will be able to grab when reheated, may even ooze itself, giving you back the same extrusion.
@bgfilly, i seen a couple of your works nicely done, can't wait to see the sears tower. so i'm wondering if the jetsetters and superdoodlers have started receiving their 3doodlers, kinda need to know if i will be buying someone a pack of material, by the way no one has taken me up on the offer.....:-) i'll be creating with mine soon for sure.
hello.. i had completed my survey on march 31. .. can you confirm whether 3dooler has been shipped or yet to be.. thanks..
i too have not had any problems with the pen.....it works perfectly.  the only issue i had was when i first tried to load plastic, it didn't just start extruding.  i put the pen in the holder while i got the instructions out to re-read them....when i picked the pen back up, i noticed that a little plastic had come out of the nozzle.....when i put the pen to a piece of paper and pressed the feed button, the plastic flowed normally.  i have since used many pieces of abs with no problems.  i would avoid any disassembly of the pen unless that is suggested by someone at wobbleworks.
yehosua- you get a tracking number. however, there is a chance that you're pen arrives first.
when will i find out if my 3doodler has been sent?
yes, it would be good to see more positive posts while we are waiting for our pens. i have already ordered more plastic. i figure i'll go through a lot more at first until i get used to working with three 3doodler. :-)
received my $99 level 3doodler a few days ago (usa), and everything works like a dream, no issues, easy to pickup and get the hang of right away, no issues with anything, just follow the directions and it simply works...definitely gonna order more "ink" and the nozzle set! well done wobbleworks!
when will i get my 3doodler 2.0 i pledged for the power doodle
i believe that i have discovered the issue with my 3doodler.  i had some dried plastic on the end of the cleaning tool, and when i removed it, i discovered that the metal tip is gone.  i'm attaching a picture below.  unfortunately, i'm thinking that this means that the metal tip of the cleaning tool is lodged inside of my 3doodler, which of course is rendering it unusable.  (would also explain the smell when i was trying to get it to work today).  i'm hoping that this is covered by the warranty, and i'm also hoping that i'll be able to send it in for repairs/replacement.  this would make sense, as the plastic seems to stop at a certain point within the pen. here's a picture of the end of the cleaning tool: http://oi62.tinypic.com/205fvav.jpg i'm hoping that this will be a forewarning about using the cleaning tool/making sure the tip is on securely.  i'm thinking that once when i used it, it might have stuck to some plastic and when i had to yank it out, the tip stayed in the pen. anyways, i'll probably be emailing for a replacement/repairs, but i hope that you guys get any issues worked out!  other than this, the pen has been working beautifully, and i have a few creations to show from it.
richard, i've created a few pieces with the new pen. if you scroll back i posted the links to my instagram where i am hosting it. i've done quite a few things with the old pen. trying out a lot of the templates on 3doodler as well as some free hand stuff. i built a replica of the sears tower with the old pen and am going to use the slimmer pen to really detail it out!
@bgfilly don't be a tease...:-) i'm hoping your right, but i couldn't resist a good wager to brighten up discussion, maybe stir the creator to speed my delivery up so i lose the bet...:-) have you created anything that you would like to share? as typical of most forums the discussions tend to be horribly negative, could use some positive intervention here. so far no takers.
hello sandra, i was hoping to stir some good fun discussion, maybe get some idea where they are in sending out the 3doodlers. not sure how the shipping is setup for italy, but i know from what has been said here that the 3doodlers are coming from hong kong to the us. they say patience is a virtue...not when it applies to the 3doodler! just kidding everyone just having fun.
richard, i think it will ship in april but depending on the courier in your area you may not get it until may. but i don't think it will be too far into may. dhl seems pretty quick. i got mine in about 3days from the day it was shipped. here's hoping you're 3doodling soon!
@richard hi how are you ? good idea. but anyway i'm located here in italy my husband is wondering why in 2015 with a lot of good courier it's so complicated ?! i suppose maybe they used regular postal service for some countries. in the past i received a parcel from usa in 1 week or less with ups courier. it was a gift i won in the internet. i hope to see tracking and the pen next week??? bye bye
that looks great chris!  i was able to doodle a few things before my pen stopped working :/  i have tried everything (even cleaning out the tip with a toothpick), but nothing seems to be working.  i am just scared that i might have damaged it somehow!  i've had to pull the plastic out of the back when it's done reversing, but i've had to pull it harder than i'm sure i'm supposed to.  ah well, i'm going to rally and try again today.  hopefully the videos that the team is making tomorrow will help!
okay start of day 2 things coming along nicely on the first cake https://imgur.com/bnusls0 havent tried the flexy as of yet, saving that towards the end of the day. cake # 2 is taking shape, didnt make an inner box first, somewhat tweaked may warm the corners to bend back. i found that drawing mid air its best to let the plastic cool some to harden. when loading new plastic it will need to heat some before its fully fed to heat more to extrude, and color changing blobs can be fun save them for future projects, have some extra plastic between color changes draw some lines they can always be used later, that way you minimize waste.
anyone want to bet that power doodler backers won't get their 3doodler in april? if there still on the $99.00 backers with 5 days left in april there is no way they can make it. i'll bet a pack of filament i won't see the 3doodler till may, any takers?
@sandra have you ever ordered strands on 3doodler website (maybe you already have the 3doodler 1.0)? if yes, did you pay custom fees for them? grazie.
@rebecca hi i understand you i have contacted last week direct support team the answered me i have to wait everything is on schedule soon i can receive the tracking. i hope next week good news for us. i'm 99$ backer located in italy first wave as you can see here many backers with accessory level they have it right now and i think it was shipped after us i really hope next week. 6 of may it's exact 1 months waiting time. take care have a nice day
@ beth h: please message us via the kickstarter messaging system with more details and we'll help out
no sign of my pen yet, no shipping number nothing from the delivery company. it's starting to make me feel a bit nervous.  just wondered have all the $99 ones been dispatched?
my pen arrived yesterday. we are having problems with the extruding mechanism. please help!!
@ halle try taking the tip of while hot, a god send if you have the tip container, the end fits the tip and helps keep your hand safe, while the tip is off try extruding, doing so while pushing and twisting slightly will engage, also ive noticed that abs has a hard time going through the smaller tips, if you use abs let it sit for a sec. blue light or not, https://imgur.com/hiq7l8d not too shabby after the 1st 24, starting on the jacaranda for moms cake, and begun the second. word of advice changing colors is faster with the tip off extruding. after about 1/2 stick of abs it stinks, doesnt stick as well and shrinks some, but you can lay some really smooth lines,warming glass in hand first helps w adhesion , i would keep the abs away from kids, just because of the toxicity and harder to work with. but if your outside and dont mind it works well with the larger tips, not so well with the fine, may have to fine tune heat to use small tips w/ abs. havent tried the flexy yet will attempt to make ribbons tomorrow. lastly plan, plan, plan what's pictured is about 14-15 sticks for reference the cake is about the size of a playing card.
@ mark roback: they are being/will be shipped in april. whether they arrive in april is really in the hands of the postal and courier services, but we're moving as fast as we can.
i want to know if the superdoodlers will be at homes in april as said the project page
i've been having problems with the plastic extruding.  earlier today when i used the pen, the plastic worked perfectly fine, but when i tried a while ago, the plastic wouldn't extrude.  i tried a /lot/ of things, like changing the heat, sticking a toothpick into the tip to get the dried plastic out, putting the cleaning tool in, ect (the maintenance cover doesn't open on mine, so trying that wasn't possible).  however, the ends of the plastic strands i was putting it in would constantly come up with melted ends, so it seemed like it should be extruding since the plastic was melted on the end when i got it out.  the plastic would load to a certain point, and then it wouldn't go any farther.  reversing it, i had to pull harder than i'm sure i have to to get it out after it stopped reversing.  is anyone else having this problem/does anyone have any tips?  thanks!
@ epicstuff: they take place on our facebook page - www.facebook.com/3doodler. best of luck!
@all-does anybody know what website doodle offs are on? thinking of entering them when my pen arrives.
https://imgur.com/3xkgedd update and a few more hints,  keep your tips clean allow them to sit a sec before you put in the container, when replacing the tips keep a razor handy to clean the threads so you do strip the pen. @jenny try this, slightly bend the metal so its radius is a bit smaller,this shortens the tab arms  fit inside housing. next with the pen head away from you press inside. the force should bend the metal back out extending the tabs into the holes, remember to to bend too much.
been having fun playing with the new own. i usually do my super mario characters in craft blocks but decided to try the pen today with my template this was the end result https://instagram.com/p/16c-fbg1fu/ i also did this adorable little flower. this one is more two sided instead of flat. https://instagram.com/p/1usonwg1cg/ the flow of this pen is much smoother. and it's so nice not having to hold down the button the whole time i'm drawing. the double click feature is a huge saver on my hands
i still didn't get mine. i didn't get any tracking info also. how do i know if my pen is shipped or not?
@ victoria thanks had the idea, walking home from getting the package from dhl, which is a block away. with a portable battery i thought of being able to hold up the glass look through and use the rulers and pen to trace real objects, them after i have most of it in 2-d i can break apart the pieces and pop out and reattach to make 3-d. going to practice may try to draw the santa monica pier this summer
@ creator a suggestion, make a pad  kit like the one i did with tempered glass and stand off spacing bumpers to protect tablets from heat , then you could package it with drawing apps, grids, templates, learning guides, troubleshooting. even have a set of small metal french curves used for technical drafting.
@chris wallace, very cool! thanks for sharing.
@all, @wobbleworks llc. - i recieved my 3doodler today, which was an unexpected suprise (dhl said they didn't deliver on saturday online). my tracking number arrived on thursday morning and the pen showed up 2 days later. for those wondering, i live in northern new jersey (once it goes through customs, it stops in one place, then its out for delivery). i havent had a chance to test it yet but upon first impression, the pen and materials appear to be high quality. heres to hoping i have more luck with my 3doodler 2.0 then my original 3doodler (currently in for repair or replacement). i also would like to mention that wobbleworks customer service is top notch. yes, they are a small team, but every one of them is willing to help even if it involves setting up a skype call or sending in the pen for repair. shoutout to harrison (joey mathews) for helping me with both customer service messages i have sent in in the past. best of luck with the remainder of the 3doodler 2.0 shipments and with the future of your products:d -brandon
https://imgur.com/o7dij3z pictured: ruler & magnet set up, cake box, and icing. i started with black and went to white so i could see how long it took for the color to change at its most drastic. i would say about 1/3 of the stick was needed to change from black to white. so far just tried pla on the glass.  angle of the pen against a surface helps with the flow, if you rest the nozzle against the surface it needs to be held like a pencil, for flatter lines held closer to a 90 degree angle with the tip a few mm for the surface writes well too, better so with the larger tip and filling larger areas. @creator no worries, just an artist
@jenny- i am in the same boat with you. i am still trying to open it. notable to open the metal band out from the hatch. i know how you feel. desperate , upset and frustrated.
@chris - many thanks for supporting some of the questions here. @all - we'l also be posting some helpful videos on monday. have a good weekend all!
@ daria the power switch is a small slide switch with 3 positions and on the right hand side. possible its a bad adapter. @ all there wasnt a need to take the maintenance cover itself off, when beginning, for me i started by first using the long springlike cleaner to first push out any filament inside. imagine this is done for testing and to make sure nothing foreign gets lodged inside the pen. the first extrude took about 2 minutes to flow, since then its been perfect, maybe a micro adjustment on the heat, for personal preference. its a very simple device, it helps to have some general tool understanding, will try to post as many tips and hints that i, a new user myself, have found so you guys can hit the ground running. @ jenny  will take my cover off today and see if i can figure out.
@eachan-same situation. i'm pretty sure we just have to wait
hi there i have yet to receive my 3doodler pen and i was in the first wave of surveys just wondering if there is any update on when it will get here
so, i was excited that my 3doodler 2 came today. i've had zero motivation to do anything at all and it seemed like it would be a great distraction tonight to take my mind off the fact that today was the day my soon-to-be-ex-hubby moved out. (all 100% true) and, well, it did get my mind off it for awhile, only out of sheer frustration. after over an hour, all i have to show is 3doodler with a immanence cover that i can't get back on to save my life (i don't have a file to be able to file the metal edge down, and i've tried pushing it down from inside the opening to get it to slide all the way across, neither have worked), sore fingertips from trying to get the thing back together, damage to the counter top i tried to push the metal against while i tried to get leverage as i was trying to push down on the metal from the inside, a pair of scissors with a slice in the rubber handle cover, also from trying to push the metal piece back in, and all sorts of scratches and dings all over the doodler from the places the screwdriver and tweezers have hit it as i tried to get the metal piece back in. the reason it was open was because nothing i did could get any plastic rods to feed. they never spun, they never engaged, they never extruded. no matter how much time i gave it to heat up, no gentle twists/pushes, and even though i could clearly see that it was down far enough in the doodler after i'd taken the cover off. at this point, i can't even attempt to work on getting it to extrude because i can't get the cover back on. and i'm out of ideas on how to try to get that metal piece to slide all the way through. it really seems like there could have been much easier ways to make that cover come off and on. i tried going to the link they included for a video on how to deal with the cover, but there isn't a video, just the same pictures that are in the guide. ugh, i'm sorry. i really tried to come here just to find hints and tips so i could just resolve this and it would all be okay. but none of the hints or tips i could find anywhere helped at any point. admittedly, i may be a bit of a raw nerve right now but this is just ridiculous for something that is supposed to be designed for the general consumer. >.<
a little dark sorry, pictured is the mini t,square, going to make one big enough for my tablet  https://imgur.com/okxusb2 the shipping situation isnt the best, but worth the wait. have 3 birthdays back to back to back starting today. making 3 cakes hopefully glow in the dark spinkles make up for being a little late
@ prashant patel: please message us via the kickstarter messaging system. it's much faster. we'll get this sorted.
daria you have to turn it on. on the side there's a switch. hi temp for abs, lo temp for pla
i received my accessorize package today (in washington state)! can't wait to try it out.
i just got mine and it wont turn on =( i plug it in and the light is off. does anyone else have this problem?
a quick tip find a piece of glass i'm using  4x6 picture glass, krapton tape, 2 small magnets and a small machinists ruler.  this makes a good  hand held tracing pad. one magnet goes on the back of the ruler, the other on the opposite side of the glass, this is your mini t- square that you can use for straight lines. you can look make bigger to trace real objects like buildings and have straight lines.  keep the magnets at one end of the ruler so you can brace the other against your thumb while drawing. makes it easy to swivel for quick lines,  also get in the habit of dabbing the pen lightly after you make a line, the little strings will pull it of the glass if your not careful, may stick better if you let the glass heat some in you palm. still experimenting will draw rreal something soon
hi,  i sent an email to cs@the3doodler.com yesterday. been 24 hrs but haven't received any reply yet so i am posting here. ============== hi, i just received my 3doodler today but seems like its a defective piece. i opened it up and the front rubber parts was not on. i have attached the pictures in my email. please let me know what to do about it. i was one of the backer in the kickstarter project. prashant patel goodbadmas@gmail.com ================================ i tried to attach the image from my dropbox account. https://www.dropbox.com/s/xj5mpi07428ro0t/image1.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/j5bi19f30oh9evz/image2.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/i00ekrjz3voiw5v/image3.jpg…
@hema......a small amount of plastic will extrude after you let go of the button.  this is normal.  if your pen is continuing to run, make sure you are not double clicking the button as this will trigger the constant feed feature of the pen
i take back what i said. after some patience and help from my dad i got it to work. i'm definitely impressed and pleased with the pen overall. one complaint, i seemed to be missing my nozzle wrench. i have thoroughly searched everywhere and there seems to be no evidence as that i lost it. my dad has a wrench that fits it but i have to use him to help me clean it. other than that it seems to be a great product and i'm looking forward to using it!
my doodler still extrudes plastic continually after i release the button. help?
received my accessorize pledge level today in nyc! it's great!!
hi, just wondering had anyone from the uk got there's? i'm the $99 level and just wondered how much people's customs and taxes had been? i'm estimating at roughly £30 but if anyone knows exactly that would be great
finally got tracking dhl tried to deliver, not home, picked up a few tips it is not clogged do the cleaning routine before you try to load your first stick. it has some filament still in side, plus this will give you an idea of how to feed the pen. once you push out  the clearish filament and re tighten the nozzle, feed the pen. you may have to twist while engaging the motor but you will feel the filament start to pull. after the pen is first fed it takes a minute before you're extruding (the filament will still feel like its twisting and pulling into the machine, hint you'll start to see smoke when your close thats about it after the first hour. remember do the unclogging first!!
just received mine...accessorize level......i would guess that most will receive theirs within the next week.....may not get a tracking number before delivery though
hey, just wondered about any updates for the acessorize i am expecting soon. thanks
@aerdna here what i received  from the support team maybe interesting  "sorry for the delay, our april 2015 target is still on track however we can't give a more specific estimate as we're in the process of shipping out 10,000 pens for this month and it's hard to pinpoint. you should be receiving tracking confirmation from us shortly, thanks for your patience. kind regards, sean
just received my tracking code. should have it tuesday. i am an accessorize backer. i live in kansas if that helps anyone. :-)
@hattie thanks. it seems that toll own skynet worldwide express who have left me a voice mail about customs charges for my item. your link tracks that it has left hong kong. the skynet one (https://www.skynetworldwide.com/services/track-and-trace) shows that they are holding mine for vat and custom charges. who would have thought that there were so many different delivery companies!
@hattie thanks!
tracking issue update: hi guys - i've solved it! anyone with a toll code, put it in here: http://www.tollgroup.com/toll-global-express-track-trace worked for me. so relieved!
yes tracking number, delivered from hong kong, arriving this monday ?
for those having trouble with opening and closing the maintenace cover.  i had to use a small flat head screw driver and a hammer to drive the bar out.  and file down the sharp edge on the end of the bar to get it to go all the way back in.  also using the tools i used to remove it.
hello, i haven't received my pen, i bought the accessorize pack and i live in france. when the pen goes arrived ?
hello. got the pen today. it took a bit of time, a lot of patience and some pushing to get the filament to start extruding. the real problem is that the plastic is being extruded extremely slowly. the only way i can get the plastic to come out at a usable speed is by constantly pushing it with one hand. the maintenance cover is also kind of stuck, and won't fit properly after i pulled it out the first time. how do i get the plastic to come out at a faster speed? (i've used the fast button, but it is still very slow)
uk backer, tried both 'toll' sites but neither work, no delivery yet either ($85 level)
@creator. i'm a uk based backer, and i've tried my tracking number in the new link (http://www.tollgroup.com/all-tools) instead of the previous australian toll website (https://online.toll.com.au/trackandtrace/) but it does not find anything with either option "house bol/hawb" or "container number". am i doing something wrong?
hello, i live in australia and still haven't received my 3doodler ($85 pack). i haven't received an email with tracking number either. could you please check it for me? thanks regards, hanzhang
@creator sorry if i write again. i have contacted you yesterday private, tomorrow is saturday i hope to hear some good news about my shipping question today. i apologize i used email to contact you maybe it's not quicker like direct message. thanks have a nice weekend
omg! love my 3doodler 2.0! just arrived today and have been using it on my twitch creative stream all day. thanks so much! twitch.tv/gluten_free_gam3r
@ emma: please send us a direct message and we'll get you doodling in no time
hello, i'm alessandro, at the date of today still have not received the package was waiting . where can i find the tracking code ? thank you. alessandro
hello, anyone get pen from accesorize level ?
i'm having the same problem that lh is describing. i followed the faq and instructions, but i can't open the maintenance cover (maybe the same problem as jennkaye), and my cleaner tool is stuck inside. i tried to reverse it, and it worked well, until i went to pull out the cleaner, and it's stuck, very very stuck, and so is the maintenance cover, i feel slightly screwed. it also will be pushing out plastic just fine, and then all of a sudden slow down, and i can see the strand of plastic just flush with the pen (so it's still fairly long). i was using the cleaning tool to feed the remaining strand through, just as it mentions in the instructions! can anyone help?
for those uk customers with a "toll" tracker: the orders were indeed dispatched by toll courier for those uk orders. please check the status of the parcel online through the web link  http://www.tollgroup.com/all-tools instead of the link previously given.
i've been having a problem with the pla plastic.  for some reason, whenever i try to load it into the pen, it loads in just fine but barely extrudes.  maybe just a little bit will extrude, but then it seems to be blocked or something.  this doesn't happen with the abs plastic, just the pla.  i have it on the right heat setting (i turn it down from the high setting to the low because i use the abs before the pla) and everything.  so i have to sort of pull it out of the pen sort of forcefully because when i put the strand in reverse it only goes so far (unlike with the abs, which reverses normally).  i really haven't had any other problems other than having to unblock a jam, which went fine (i've also been taking off the tip to try and fix the problem).  the maintenance cap doesn't really come off, because the silver bar seems to be jammed or something.  however, i am really pleased with the pen and just hope to be able to use the pla for doodling!  if anyone could provide an answer that would be great, and i'd be happy to provide more information.  i've tried pushing the strand from the back while extruding, but it does little.  thanks for any help!
i got mine today... really amazing! thank you wobbleworks :) after the first attempts and some difficulty to load the filament and a little of patience and practice, i already started to 3d draw easily! @ annaleise hendrickson: i also had this problem the first time, i solved it (hoping i did it right) with a little pressure + torsion of the filament, with button pushed down until the filament starts to melt and you can see the plastic come from the nozzle. with flexi plastic i had no problems with melting temperature, but with pla i had to wait a little more before starting to draw, but finally it works fine ;-)
annaleise, it took a bit of time for my filament to start coming out the end. if you hold down the button for a bit it should start to work. it's hard to tell because the plastic is spinning and not feeding straight through.
@annaleise, how long are you holding the fast button down, i had trouble the first time getting mine to work, clear plastics came out first, must be something they test with. just make sure its hot. push fast button down and push on the filament. should go after a minute or so.
so mad. dhl came and i was at work, so i could not sign for it. comes tomorrow! backer number 8230, 99$ pleadge level.
i have done everything i possibly can but no matter what i do the plastic will not come out of the pen. i have mixed and matched the plastics to the temperatures, pushed the plastic in and clockwise turned it. does anybody have any suggestions?
@ anyone---i sent this message to the creator but if anyone could help me, please reply. :p hi my pen seemed like something was not allowing the filament to extrude and the maintenance cover was bulging out slightly when i first tried to use it so i thought i had a jam, but i realized it was just because the metal bar holding the maintenance cover was not flush on both sides. so what i need help with is getting the metal bar back into place. i can get the bar under the lip on either side, but not all the way through the top side of the maintenance cover to the opposite side.  i squeeze the maintenance cover down with one hand and try to scoot the bar through  with tweezers to the other side but i can only go to the middle and not down under the opposite lip to the other side. i don't have good internet at home so i can't skype. could you please post a video like the manual stated there would be to the 3doodler website.  if i go to the provided link all there is a photo just like the manual. i only got to use my pen twice...i have version 1.0 but i would like to use version 2.0 please help! any suggestions...especially a video would be greatly appreciated p.s. also if you come out with a version 3.0 that closure on the maintenance cover needs to completely redesigned.
dhl specifically stats the tracking information can take up to 25-48 hours for status. this is common for other carriers, too. so excited!
tracking started working about 12 hours after receiving tracking number!  accessorize level, first wave, backer #8484. status	 processed at hong kong - hong kong thursday, april 23, 2015 at 23:29 origin service area	hong kong - hong kong - hong kong
the pen works fantastically!  i have one concern that's really just aesthetic.  the tip seems to be getting sort of gunky, with bits of hardened extruded plastic sticking on it.  how should i clean the tip?
finally got d parcel yesterday! ( but i only got d shipping notice after i received the package, strange...) anyways, d packaging is nice and every seems as good as expected. the pen looks slim, love it! can't wait to try it out this weekend!
update - tracking number is now working. seems shipped out of hong kong last night, predicted delivery friday us pacific coast. for reference my pledge no. #6822
@ sandra: it is, but for kickstarter queries the ks messenger system may be quicker! we'll get back to you soon! thanks!
@creator i used cs@the3doodler.com to contact you directly i hope is the right mail address thanks
@sandra - please let me know what about shipping in italy. grazie :-) andrea
@ sandra: please message us directly and we'll assist.
@creator hy there as i can see it's no only me to have complain about the shipping service. i'm really worried about it i still not have any tracking number yet. i write now so often here but no answer from the creator about shipping request. now i'm really upset about it i hope some update soon as possible. backer #3086 99$ reward  italy europe thanks
not just uk and australia issue - mine for us delivery links to uk and comes back as unknown tracking number. tried it on us and australian dhl site and same results! hopefully it's going to arrive via some carrier sometime today. this kind of thing does not give confidence to first time funders
i'm also in the uk and have been sent an australian delivery company link and tracking number. can the correct links be sent?
@brasky thank you!
i also have a non-working tracking number, not sure why its using an australian service to go to the uk either.
has anyone been getting tracking tracking numbers that haven't been working? i'm in the united states but i was sent a tracking number and a link the to united kingdom dhl website. i am hoping the tracking number is just not active yet so i sent out a message to dhl customer service about my issue. i'm sure my package will arrive soon but it would be nice to try to get this issue resolved.
how many pens have been sent out to date?
i'm at the accessorize pledge level, in texas, and just got a tracking number! unfortunately, i'm also boarding a plane and going out of the state tomorrow morning... it's too bad i didn't get at least one day to try it before leaving, but ah well, timing. looking forward to getting the chance when i come back.
hi, i got my pen last night, everything goes well, great job!
@michael i hope so, waiting with much anticipation. so want to try doodling in 3d!
@ lh: we'd like to jump on skype and walk you through the quick fix. please let us know when you are available.
most of these items are litterly days from being delivered.  don't work yourselves up over it.  this isn't the first time this company has been through this  have faith in them....you'll be doodling before you know it
bgfilly- i wish they would send replacement. i still have problem- the abs got jammed inside. could not get it out. my cleaning tool was jammed too and now not working. i was trying to open the maintenance hatch - could not open . i have been contacting the creator who kept telling me to switch the hatch. i would if i could open it . i can not. i asked them if i could just send it back for replacement . they kept telling me to open the hatch. so frustrating experience.
@hema  jagada if you click on your profile picture in the upper right of the screen and then click "view all" under the backed projects header you can scroll down to this project.  when you click on it it will show your backer number.  there may be a less convoluted way of seeing this number as well, but if so i don't know it.
how do we see what backer number we are?
i got an email saying shipping soon on march 30th, but that is the last i've heard about my 3doodler.  anyone else having similar issues or should i be getting concerned?
got mine today. it didn't work at first, but now i'm having lots of fun
@jeroen: it's for custom fees.
hi, i have a little question. i live in austria, and when i backed the 3doodler 2.0 i had to pay an additional 15$ sending costs. now dhl showed up on my door with the 3doodler 2.0 (yay!), but i had to fork over an additional 45 euros (55$) to them in order to receive it. what's that all about?
still nothing from texas anyone down in texas get a tracking number or the pen
just got my 3doodler delivered to work, cant wait to get home and try it out..... live in pa, usa
som, make sure you have the pen set to the proper type of filament. high for abs low for pla. it should turn green for pla and blue for abs. also when feeding the filament push it in. you should hear it when it reaches the gears. it takes a bit for the filament to begin extruding. if that still does not work then contact wobbleworks and i'm sure they will send you a replacement
i received my tracking email, and the pen was already in the u.s. so you may get the email after the pen is delivered. wobbleworks does not have control over the package once it leaves there hands.........
@chris wallace - i emailed a similar question. they reassurred me tracking numbers would be provided so i would know when to except the package. they did not answer the question thou. does not give me a good vibe at all!
just got my pen yesterday. it's defective right out of the box. the plastic filament doesn't heat up, there is no extrusion of filament. what a load of crap.
oh, i forgot to add this.  i'm in the u.s, and the total amount was $99.  no handling fees or anything.
i'm number 9003 from the $99 dollar level.  the pen arrived today!  i'm beyond ecstatic!  i haven't received a tracking number, but i assume it will come later today even though the pen has arrived.  so i wouldn't worry if you haven't received a tracking number--the pens are seeming to get here quicker than the numbers.  i hope that any issues anyone is having are resolved.  i had to sign for my package, but i'm not sure if that's the same everywhere else.  thank you @creators for this amazing opportunity!  i am still freaking out a little (:
@eric i'm a uk day 1 backer, nothing yet, but i was charged import fees for the v1.0 from kickstarter (around £23 total i think) and for my replacements when the v1.0 broke (twice), so would assume there will be fees.
still no news about my tracking number, does anyone in france has already received it?
natasha the nozzle set for the first 3doodler will not fit the 3doodler 2.0. michaels does not have the 2.0 pen or nozzles as the kickstarter backers get theirs first. the plastics work for both the original 3doodler and the redesigned 3doodler 2.0!
is the nozzle set etc really available from michaels.com now?
any coupons available for the web shop? my 3doodler arrived yesterday (boston area) and i already forsee the need for more filament. great job with this one!
@ deporpt: previously that has done the job. please send them that and see what they say.
a this point i wont have any idea if it was left on my doorstep and taken (i live in an apt. building) until i get tracking numbers, dhl will drop off packages signature or not. not being held hostage by the mailbox anymore. was supposed to be here this month wont know have things to do. if is here when i get back fine, most like not, no one will be here to sign. not important enough to ask someone to check everyday not knowing myself. just would like to know is there a system for replacement or refund
they are asking as well of the receipt and proof of payment so they can calculate taxes....not sure what to send lol...email from kickstarter saying pledge as been colected counts?
yes, delivered from hong kong
got email about delivery from dhl, getting today, pennsylvania, usa....im backer 8773
dhl have contacted me about the shipping that will go trough customs, but they said it comes from hong kong...is this correct?
@sandra the same for me. i'm backer #8483. maybe they are waiting to send out all italian pens in one time? do you have the 3doodler 1.0?
@creator i'm backer #3086 here located in italy nothing i still waiting i'm sorry if i  write again but will be great to have the tracking number before the package arrive. could you also tell me what kind of service you use for italy dpd, dhl ?! if you want more details i can write you private but please let me know because in the past i had some issue i don't want to loose the package. this is the first time for me here at kickstarter what i have to say the only thing i can do right now is cross the finger maybe if you tell me that the parcel it's arrive overseas will be so great. thanks and i apologize i hope in good news from wobbleworks team soon.
@john, where are you?
is anyone paying import fees in the uk? thanks
some countries include shipping fees as part of the total to calculate the taxes. a matter of law for the destination country and not a choice for wobbleworks.
i received it this week and for canadians the custom fees with dhl is around 33cad....pretty expensive for this little toy :-) can wait to try it!
my pen arrived today and i was taxed around $25 (i live in philippines). tax would've been lower if they put $85 as the value instead of $97 ($85 pen and $12 shipping).  unfortunately they didn't list the shipping cost and broke down the $97 between plastics and the pen. that's how i ended up with higher tax... oh well. still happy that my pen arrived! can't wait to get home and try it! :d
@bgfilly i think your right about the us fees are already settled. i haven't heard anyone say that they paid more in the usa.
i'm in the $99 group. i just got a dhl notice that i'm getting it tomorrow
@jennifer i would expect you will get your pen soon.  i am also still waiting, but figured i would be getting mine later since i am the double accessorize level.  :)
meiying li, you may want to send them a direct message instead of posting on here to make sure they don't miss it :)
the shipment arrived while we were abroad. it's been returned to the sender as a result. can i get it re-shipped?
i bought my accessorize package and live in the us. i'm getting a bit frustrated that i haven't received it yet (particularly when i see some of the $99 level people getting shipping information). any updates?
#1842, accessorize - canada - nothing yet. in the past i've been charged 50+ $ for custom fees and taxes on items in the 100-200$ range. i think it's just crazy. it's not like i can get this item locally or something....
richard, it all depends on the location and country you are in. some people have had to pay additional taxes and fees on top of what they already paid. some people have even said they got a text message from the courier indicating there were more fees. i believe the fees are coming from customs and country taxes. so they would be additional. some people didn't have to pay anything. if you are in the u.s it looks like there are no additional fees. if you are in canada it looks to be anywhere between 35-55 additional. same with some other countries. hope this helps.
forgot to mention, #1482 got my 48 hour last chance message yesterday. getting close to the awesomeness!
ok i'm very confused now ...go figure! some folks are saying they had to pay fees. i want to know if that is on top of what i already paid. for example a power doodler backing cost was $195.00 and the charge for the backing was $220.00. did the power doodler backer pay the fees or are they going to have more when their 3doodler arrives?
just received my 3doodler! was very pleased with the shipping updates i received from the time it shipped till i received it. i can't wait to try this out with my artistic daughter! i'll be back with a review. thanks guys!!!
received mine yesterday and the tracking no. about 5 hours later.
i'm number  #9003 for the $99 dollar level.  can't wait for mine to arrive!
i would say that most if not all backers will have their pens in the next two weeks.....having the tracking number is really only necessary it the package gets lost....the shipping company will leave a notice if no one is available to sign
i think could be better send less unit but provide the tracking number, it's quite important. or at least have a list of the backer who have their pen shipped.
anthony, the problem is that the tracking numbers have to be manually compiled and the wobbleworks team is small and they have so many units to ship out. in my case i got my 3doodler yesterday and received my tracking number late last night after i got the pen. lol
@anthony- i think they already mentioned that sometimes your pen will arrive before they even send you your tracking number... remember they have to send thousand of pens so it's hard. my country is like 2hrs away from hongkong (where the pen is coming from) and they just shipped it 2 days. ago. my tracking number was sent today though.  :)
still don't understand this whole lack of tracking numbers - it every other case, even when items have shipped to me from china, i've always got one. it makes it difficult to predict delivery and give us no visibility - for example mine should have been shipped (in 1st survey) but its now 14 days plus after these started shipping and no tracking number or device yet. i'd look for a more efficient shipper next time. how do we know its even left china yet?
how many pens have you already sent?
mine arrived yesterday. thankfully i received a text message from ups (how that was managed i have no clue) telling me that a package was scheduled for delivery on monday, and i could simply leave a note on the door with a the tracking number and my signature and they would be able to leave the package. and, awesomesauce it worked! and you know what else works...? the new 3doodler! the improvements from the 2.0 beta model are immediately noticed. the new maintenance cover is 100% superior. thank you!
i received no tracking number yet. i would like to have it to check the package . my sister who lives in london will travel to brazil on 05/02 and bring me the pen. i need the tracking number to see if the pen will arrive on time , or at least if it has already been dispatched.
got a tracking number that doesn't work... fantastic. still no doodler...
@bigfilly - that's great news! can't wait to see what you create! @keith - powerdoodler sets start shipping this week. @glen - thanks for the great feedback! @evan - yes, all plastic for v.1 works with 2.0 and vice versa, 100% cross compatible! @sebastien - we think we know the issue and have sent you a direct message with a quick fix. please get back to us, we'll have you doodling in no time. @all - we hate customs fees to, but have done all we can to keep this down, and it seems to be making a difference in some cases. it's the luck of the draw.
hah, i am #328, in turkey, still no package on sight. i was a backer of the first 3doodler too, definitely looking forward to it.
@creator@joyaileen i didn't receive any tracking number yet i'm glad you have it to check the package. for the creator i'm sorry if i insist could you please provide the tracking number ? thanks i really appreciate that
hello! i'm #1890. tracking states that my pen is in my country (philippines) and i will probably receive it on thursday. :)
hello, i'm #5758 at the $130 reward. country is poland and i didn't receive it until yet.
hello, i'm #6041 at the $130 reward. country is germany and i didn't receive it until yet.
i'm #9731 at the $150 reward in the us and haven't received mine. i've got a feeling that i have a while to wait which sucks cause my college mail center closes over the summer and that's the address it's going to.
i have a look at my backer number i have #3086 and i didn't receive it yet . please post your number maybe i can figured out.  country italy 99$ reward thanks.
@victoria yes i know i did read that update . it's just slow either way. it takes a bit of time to reverse on either setting. it's fine tho. so far that's my only qualm.
remember that in canada, there are different taxes per province which would affect pricing.
hope my pen turns up soon.getting really hard to wait
hope my pen turns up soon.getting really hard to wait
@sebatien- try turning up the heat
@bgfilly  awesome that you received yours.  regarding speed, from update #13 "note that in low (“lo”) temp mode the reverse pulses, while in high temp mode it is constant. this is intentional, so don’t worry when this happens. the pulse helps the pen successfully reverse lower temp plastics."
problem with my new pen. i have opened it and reassembled many time to figure out the reason: the strand blocks after the gears (even if i push very hard while turning the strand), so it never reaches the hot head (i know that, because if i unscrew manually the strand, it still has the cylindrical shape at the extremity). it could be that the maintenance cover does not push down the strand enough, so it is not-aligned with the hot head entry. note: when i insert the cleaning tool, it blocks also at the same insertion length, then after many twists, it engages in the hot head. note: i used a knife and cut the strand at angle and after many tries i finally make it engaged. but this is not useable. should i send it back for exchange?
@katie, 10057 and i did not get mine yet.
wondering if anyone would mind saying what backer number they were so i can try to guess how long i still have to wait. if you don't know how simply click your profile drop down where you have the my stuff, settings, backed projects, and created projects. then click backed projects under the my stuff section (only works if you go through my stuff, won't work if you click the specific project under backed projects) and then click the white + symbol in the blue circle. if you look right under where it says by wobbleworks llc, you'll see a number. that's your backer number. i'm just hoping i'm not too far from the others who have theirs already. thanks to anyone who lets me know :)
my pen arrived this evening! $20.15 in fees. really enjoying it!
had a bit of time to play with the pen tonight. love the smaller body of it. it feels very comfortable in the hand and much much easier to control. love love love be double click feature it's less stress on my hand. tested out both the pla and abs plastics and both seem to come out beautifully. so far i have not had any flow problems (thank goodness! i was concerned.) my only nitpick is the slow, slow reversing! it's almost agonizingly slow.
thank you victoria, i believe they already incorporated my fees then based on what i paid vs the actual backer price.
richard, additional customs/import/value added tax or other fees *only* if you live in a country that collects fees on imported items. these fees have nothing to do with wobbleworks.
maybe i'm confused, which happens a lot...:-) but i just got a message from wobbleworks regarding my shipment and that it was 25.00 for shipping. did i not already pay that? if i did cool if not that's cool too. i just thought there was no further cost.
@evan strands work for both pens
thanks richard for the fee breakdown.  i really detest customs fees.  having to pay 35% more of the product value on delivery =\ but hopefully it's worth it.  i bought the original kickstart, but gave it to my artistic aunt.  this one is mine =]
the plastic strands are the same 3mm strands that are compatible with the original 3doodler, correct? in other words, can i take the plastic i have for my 3doodler 1.0 and use it in my 3doodler 2.0 without any issues?
come home today and there was a dhl package sitting at my door! didn't even have to sign. it's so beautiful! cannot wait to play with it!
it's in the same state according to the tracking info i just received! *excitement* it seems like there has been some jamming from the comments below. any common setting that this seems to be happening on?
yay i have a tracking number!
@victoria that could be it.
erin, maybe that was shipped as a sample since it was part of the first 100 for the purpose of getting feedback to improve the pen. the 2nd pen will likely be taxed normally.
@branden a canadian who got a pen in february didn't pay any taxes... :(
i meant compared to the other canadian who received today. :)
@branden depends on the country where it is being shipped to
received in toronto!  my customs fees were $32.17. odd how the same item shipped using the same company can have differing customs/fees.
i hate not having a tracking number to look at. lol attempting to be patient but super excited
jeff, did you get a tracking number?  if not, how did you sign online?  still waited excitedly here in the eastern us for our accessorize 3doodler.
can't wait for dhl to show up. i hope it is soon :) so excited!
just got mine by dhl in pennsylvania.  no charges and signed online, so they dropped it off.  it's a gift, so i'm just reporting receipt.
@richard tang, good breakdown. $35 is acceptable but i have to pay $54.
i am in arcadia california
i just got mine delivered by dhl, so excited!!! mine is the $99.00 level.
anyone from the $99 pen level received theirs yet.
anyone in the uk received there's yet?
got mine monday in australia  excellent packaging and great pen did a couple of quick doodles for my son. works great ! thank you ps - quick question , when i release the speed button, plastic still extrudes for a few seconds. and will continue to extrude slowly even when not in use  (pla on lo heat) is my temp still too high maybe. cheers
i have noticed the rubber end cap, the one that is stuck on the pen, appears to be a bit separated on the end. is this anything i should be worried about? the end does not come off and the pen works as it should
i am on the east coast usa and just got my pen delivered by dhl! no extra costs, just needed to sign. so excited to try it out!
i am a 3doodler 2.0 $99.00 backer in san diego, ca and still haven't received mine. when will it arrive?
hi everyone, i just got my 3doodler and i'm from canada. expect to pay around 33.5$ on customs.... here is dhl's breakdown... country of origin:              hong kong value:                                $100usd conversion rate:              1.2379 canadian value to tax:     $123.79 gst/pst/hst                  $18.54 processing fee...       $10.5 cod fee                          $4.46 also note they applied gst on top of the processing and cod fees. shipping was dhl express that was used. if anyone is curious how the 100$ value is calculated: 4x filament packs                      $8x4 pen                                            $50 adapter                                      $5 bonus flexy filament pack          $8 bonus strand stand                    $5 not that pleased with the courier choice as i find their charges on customs/brokerage fees are more excessive than other options.
i was a "day 1 community special" backer.  i received mine late last week (before a tracking email) product looked good, kids were excited. didnt play with it all this weekend but product and packaging all looked good. cant want to start playing more.
@sungli.  the control port is ground, fast button, slow button......there is no other connection
hey sandra, let me know if you receive it. i'm in italy too. i'll do the same. grazie :-)
anxiously awaiting my reward for the $150 pledge. can't wait to take my sculpting to another level! send me that ish! xp
have you started to ship the power doodle set yet?
i got my 3doodler today,but i convince it has flaw :( the control port must has four hole,but one port is obstructed...
@sandra i am waiting for mine too. they shipped out thousands of pens already, but it will take some time. fingers crossed for this week!
@ creator hi i still waiting first wave 3doodler 99$ reward. i'm located in italy but nothing. i understand it's a long process to send all the tracking numbers but will be really good to have it soon as possible thanks i appreciate and i hope the pen will arrive soon
hey, did you start shipping the second wave?
@billy i had the day 1 $85 tier comunity special
still waiting here in jersey... got the $99 pen. anyone get this level yet?
got mine in paris, france, today. wish you guys had lied about the value to dhl as 35€ was a bit steep, but i understand why you didn't. honestly mostly glad it arrived without hassle.
what surprises me is that i didn't have to pay more tax than the 15$ shipping for the first 3doodler...
anyone from helsinki (or finland) who received their doodler yet? i also wrote a message personally to the creators but received no reply yet. any update is appreciated, thanks.
@loic, @stefano, @cagninacci - this is the applicable vat, which, as per the duty calculator website "is calculated on the value of the goods, plus the international shipping costs and insurance, plus any import duty due".
@cagninacci, it is the same message i've got this morning. what i've found is that there are some douane fees and the vat in europe. in france it seems to be about 2.5% for douane fees and 20% for vat, but it would be less than 20€ for me (85$ 3ddoodler, about 80€*22.5%= less than 18€) they're asking me to pay 35€. i've sent a mail to ask the details of this calculation. i'll post here their response.
the extra shipping costs that everyone is complaining about are concerning me. has anyone from canada received their pen? if so, did you have to pay extra shipping costs on delivery?
hello, i just got this message :  votre colis *********** est en livraison. vous aurez à régler à notre coursier les frais de douane et de tva pour 35.00 eur. suivi sur www.dhl.fr why i have to pay 35€ more ?...
i'm in france and i've received the same message that jomonbre and i don't understand why i've pay 15$ for shipping if i need to pay 35€ at the reception.
i'm in france. i've just received an sms from dhl to tell me that i'll have to pay 35€ for taxes. has anyone had this message too?
@genevieve where in australia are you? what mail carrier delivered it?
@genevieve where in australia are you? what mail carrier delivered it?
@alexis, what tier did you get? i have not recieved mine and i also live in iowa. i backed the accessorized one.
@jack , i am in chicago , il , usa. i would said no!
has anybody from the $99 pen received theirs?
@alexis: great news! please tag @3doodler on twitter so we can see what you've made!
received mine in iowa on friday (day 1 community special) already made a turtle and dog.
hi, just received mine today in australia (community special option) cannot wait to try it out.(:
just received a message from dhl that it will be delivered monday.  looking forward to this as i liked the original.
@lesley there is only one survey sent out to you. they just sent them to half of the backers at a time.  day 1 community specials, 3doodler 2.0 (pen only-level), accessorize, double 3doodler 2.0, and finally double accessorize began being shipped on the 6th of april, so it depends on what pledge level you are.
@creator - still waiting on my pen and wondering if i missed the second survey? i don't think i did but double checking is always good!
i played around with mine last night and had a few jamming issues at the first go but it's worked nicely since then. i guess i'm ok with the initial jamming as it made me open the pen up and learn how to clean it when needed. made some glasses out of the pla this thing is fun
anybody in texas got theirs?
creator, i'm not concerned about you guys making it right. yall go above and beyond to help your customers out. i'm hoping it won't be too much of an issue when i get my pen. it's just a little sad to see it being a bit fussy so soon.
@creator, i have sent you a pm, i received an text message from dhl about import fees i have to pay. i called dhl and they say you forgot to mention shipping cost separately on the box (apparently you just mention the full price). now dutch customs guessed shipping cost en i have to pay €50 (they are really bad at guessing). could you sent me a new invoice with the correct shipping and product price i can give dhl to get the correct import fee.
still haven't got my pen hopefully tomorrow! :)
ok, miss that one, but address is fine. thanks
oh my god! so i missed the dhl delivery on friday and they left a note about delivering on sunday. sunday?? i didn't know any company that delivers on sunday. well the delivery guy just handed me my 3doodler today!!!!! so excited! thank you wobbleworks!  i back your first campaign, and i will back anything else you'll do! :p
@ marie-andree poisson: a message was sent some weeks back alerting you to the opportunity to change your address. assuming it is still the same you'll have your second pen in a matter of days.
i'm one of the super early bird bavker who already received a pre-production units. what about the promised second unit? haven't received any survey, notification or pen!
that should have read "getting used to". stay tuned for more exciting updates, tips and tricks!
@mickie, @bgfilly: none of these issues are unfixable and as always we'll do everything we can to get everyone doodling asap. please also note some of the glowing early feedback further down. every new device requires some erring used to, but to help ensure this is a seamless as possible we'll be sending out a series of updates on getting started with your new 3doodler 2.0, as well as videos and other handy tips. these will be posted in the next few weeks and as deliveries continue.
it is concerning me as well. i am one of the backers that has two pens coming. one is a gift. i am hoping for a positive experience.
hmmmm..i am not liking the feedback i am seeing so far on this pen. i am so super excited to receive mine but seeing that it's being problematic is disconcerting
i'm waiting to hear back from the support team, i couldn't even get it to work long enough to go through one stick.  i would like to send mine back for a refund.  i was also a backer of the first 3doodler and it worked much better.
i got mine on friday and have tried it using all the type of plastics given. the plastics keep getting jammed . i have to use the cleaning stick provided to clean as the extruder is getting slower and slower when the plastic is half way through . it is unable to get the plastic out completely . for the last few times, the cleaning system that is mainly a coiled metal actually got stuck inside and unable to take it out easily. it gets bent and twisted now. when it works it is awesome - however it is such a pain in majority of time i spent to clean out the plastic . now i can not even use the cleaning stick anymore. i have communicated with the creator about this problem.
update #2 has a lot of info on flexy.  also note: "all of the clear plastics have a fluorescent glow under the uv light."
also see the updated faq here for info on the new plastics:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-20-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen-reinv/description
@ken g. check out the plasti cd faq on this page: http://the3doodler.com/faqs/ so excited. our local michaels does not carry the plastics.
@community, ok this is going to sound dumb, so please take it easy on me, but what is the difference between flexy plastic and pla/abs? does it melt at a different temperature or is it just that it is flexible once it is extruded? i went to michaels to look at the plastic variety and because i want to get an idea of what i will be working with. but there aren't many instructions on the plastic packages. still waiting on the pen, but very curious about what is very different about the flexi strands. wondering if they are also glow in the dark? thank you, ken
those that have received them- have u uploaded any videos on it?
if anyone is from australia please let me know if you get yours.
@chandra if you filled it out once, you are good. they sent the survey out in different batches depending on your pledge level. they do surveys because many people have moved between when the project was backed and now, and they want to make sure that everyone gets their pen shipped to the correct address.
i don't understand why we need to take survey again. i somehow missed the instruction of taking the survey again. my daughter is waiting for it since april 3rd.  when i backed the project, i have given all my details. why not use those details to send the 3doodlers? i hope i get the 3doodler soon. i filled the survey today and gave the shipping address. please ship soon.......
got mine yesterday in michigan!  alas, i have plans today so i can't try it until tomorrow.  it looks wonderful, and the flexy plastic is exciting :)
hi i still waiting here in italy. if somebody has received also from italy please post a comment here and let me know the fee paid for custom and if is dpd courier or something else. thanks
finally got it back together after a little bit of force, the website on the instruction manual doesn't work btw, i can def see this thing paying for itself in household repairs. just fixed a pair of plastic pet stairs that had a missing piece.
started using my 3d doodler and it seems to have jammed on the first go, followed the instructions to unjam it. i would like some help putting it back together though i don't want to break it. i'm unsure of how to put it back together i was able to take it apart but the small metal piece inside the pen is where i'm unsure of putting back.
arrived in atlanta, ga a couple of days ago...  now to make the vents for a lost-pla casting (horribly uncreative, but it works soo well for that).
@mike i am having the same problem it works for a second and then it slows down and then stops?
i am hoping to see a dhl truck today... i would hate to wait until monday...
got mine today, didn't even get a shipping notice yet.  dhl pulled up this evening. half way through the first stick of pla on the pla setting it got wrapped around the gear.  fixed that and the little metal piece that holds the cover on will not go back in place, just enough to hold it in.  so i gave it another go and it works for a second and stops pushing out plastic again.
does the delay on the jet pack affect all levels with a jet pack (full bundle) or just the jet pack level?
@adrian shum i'm from hk too. i wonder if u got a tracking # before you got d 3doodler being delivered to u?
@ sarah powazek: please can you message us directly on the kickstarter message system. the temperature needs to be turned down (details in the manual), you need to also can check you are using low temp with the pla. the motor was not smoking, this was the plastic overheating. re the direction, please firmly press the pen into some paper to get it to grip/anchor before doodling up in the air. thanks!
just tested mine...pla was coming out bubbly and in a strange direction, buttons weren't working correctly, and the motor started smoking several times. it won't reverse direction anymore! how do i get this info to the right people?
hopefully my pen gets here tomorrow so i can try it out before school goes back on monday
ok
@matthew @marie-andree poisson said on february 18 "got it in canada! dhl was super fast, and didn't charged brokerage fees or taxes (at least not yet). will put it to the test this week-end" so maybe she was charged brokerage later
i got mine today. i haven't been home yet to try it.  i'm in new mexico usa.  i was worried about dhl being used as they are using a contract courier here and in the past they were bad.   looks like they got a new contract and are good now.  called me when they couldn't find my house instead of sending it back like they did a few years ago.  can't wait to try it.  my first ever reward from kickstarter.
what?
what?
@matthew i saw someone else in canada get theirs and there were no fees.... interesting
i just got my pen. the fees are huge in canada it is 30.00$ hope you guys in canada gets yours to:)
i think custom fees will be damn high!
can't wait! btw, congratulations wobbleworks!
@sandra i am from the netherlands, i think there are some special import fees on 3d printers, gonna call dhl tommorow to ask.
just got my 3doodler today. wait for for my daughter to get home from school before we try it out. i was amazed at how small it is compared to the first one.
what kind of packaging will it be in?
@stefspakman hi i'm also in europe i'm so curios if i have also to pay €50 i hope not. usually from usa or canada i received something with the same value and i paid about € 25 i think it depend how they classify the package and what it's inside . but i confirm €50 for dhl i think it's really terrible . i hope to receive mine soon with reasonable custom cost .
@francesco - we have indeed. @brandon - great to hear! thank you! @adrian - the leak may be due to the heat being to high, please use the mini screw driver to adjust it down a bit and ensure you have the right plastic on the right mode; yes, the maintenance cover is the only way to remove plastic once too short, but it is always best to use the whole strand; the cap is designed to be super secure, as it is key to a good flow/drive, but as long as you are careful and remove it in accordance with the instructions you'll be ok.
awesome, pens are going out..... but still a long way to the bling bling pledge :/  .can't wait to receive mine!!!!
day 1 community backer in virginia just got my pen from dhl, haven't used it yet but everything looks good!
d1cs backer here, and the wife called to say i just received it. last update was right, i got it before i even got a tracking number. can't wait to get home and try it. thanks!
i got a text from dhl, i have to pay €50 import fee. thats more than half the price!!!!
@brandon great feedback!
hope to receive it next week.... i wanted to dooooodle this weekend!!! :'-|
@francesco i havnt used the pla yet but i will tonight, im not familiar with the issues others having been having though. in case anyone is wondering, i did not receive a tracking number. so far the pen is amazing to use, exactly what i expected, it pauses a lot less than the previous version, and the 3doodler really wanted to make sure we can use it for a long time. they included different tools and an extra part for cleaning and servicing the 3doodler in case of jams. one thing, please make sure you read the instruction before you use it, they were very informative on how to use/clean/fix the 3doodler. box is nice to. my favorite thing is the aesthetics, it looks very good, its very small, feels good to the touch, a beautiful design.
accessorize people in the us, please comment when you receive your pen!
will the delay in some people filling in their surveys affect those of us who did it on time?
@erin i am in hong kong, which supposed to be the first to get ( as 3doodler is shipping from hong kong :p )
for who received the new pens. did they fix the problems with pla and the cap? i would hate to give somebody a pen still with defects in it.
got mine in today, it looks amazing! very small compared to the previous version. im in mukilteo, in the state of washington. i backed with the day one community special. gonna try it out.
@matthew they have sent updates about the product. check update #11.
i backed this product months ago but have not received my pen. how much longer will i be waiting?
@adrian what part of the world are you from?
@ian- you're sooooo lucky! i wish mine would turn up. p.s. i'm an accessorise backer
just got mine yesterday. have had a quick try and got some problem? 1. after i stop pressing the button, plastic still leak slowly from nozzle. not a bit, but continuously (though slowly). is it normal? 2. is opening the cap below the nozzle the only way to remove used filament with less than half is left? 3. if so, is that cap designed to be that difficult to open and put back?
@remiam i am the day 1 community special
how about a link in the email that tells where the survey is to be found? i see someone below said it's in update 11, but only update 12 shows on this page when i click on it.
@remiam thanks, i must have missed it
i wouldn't, be surprised if to takes another two weeks to ship day 1 community special rewards.
@erin it,s in update 11.
@ian thanks. i will take a peak!
@erin i don't know which order it was in they said it in an update or chat post a while ago you might be able to find it.
@ian not all from each level were shipped at the same time. i am just wondering how they shipped them out (i.e. day 1 shipped first)
@erin marie what do you mean by determine order.
you said not all were sent out on the same day, how did you determine order?
it just arrived i am soooooo happy. it was all worth it.
@all - we're so sorry for all the confusion caused by our last update!  each backer only receives one survey, we just sent the survey in two batches.  as has been mentioned by several of our wonderful backers, you can check for yourself if your survey has been filled out by going to https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings , clicking the link for this campaign, and then going to the "survey" tab.  of course, if you have direct concerns, please contact us either through a direct message, or at help@the3doodler.com
i can confused. is there one survey to complete or 2?
can't find place to know if you have my mailing address
just got mine in hong kong today! (day 1 community special)
if you need to confirm if your survey has been submitted check the email you use for kickstarter. you should have two survey emails if you submitted. first email will say "response needed - get your reward for backing 3doodler 2.0". if you completed the survey you will have a second email saying "got it, your survey response has been submitted"
i found how to check the survey.. just follow this link and go to the survey tab: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings
same here, want to confirm if i filled the survey. thanks!
i too wanted to confirm i filled out my survey.  thanks!
hi i was wondering if i filled the survey as well. thanks!
me too, not sure if i filled out the survey
hi, i'm not sure if i recieved and answer the survey
waiting waiting ... even if it is no longer for me. i decided to let it go as a present to the young daughter of a friend who fell in love with the first model bit found it too thick for her hands (and would not get it otherwise). i guess i will buy one for me once available for everybody :-(
hopefully mine would magically come today
aparantly, shipping from hongkong to nz takes up to 14 days so i shouldn't think mine is to far away. urge. can't wait much longer!
@remiam i see :) i hope you get yours soon! i will update when i get mine
@erin marie what i meant was i am within the 1850 of day 1 community special.
@remiam it is not based on the day but the pledge level you are at. i am a community special backer from canada, so i am hoping to get mine by monday at the latest in canada. but i am doing final exams, so i hope i am not too distracted by it to study.... but i probably will be :)
since you are day 1, hope it is close for me as well!
@hema  day 1 community special (1850 units sold on day 1)
the wife took care of the signing.
@pclabtech did you have to sign for your pen?
@pclabtech, what level were you?
i cannot wait to get my pen. this slimmer pen will be awesome to detail the replica i built of the sears tower!
@ pclabtech: this is a spare piece as we were worried users may lose theirs if removing it. that said this should be opened very sparingly and we were probably being over cautious with this!
honestly, the pictures they show of the pen are without the rubber safety grip.  with the grip on the pen, it looks too much like a phallic symbol, but it works great :)
yes, it arrived by dhl in the us (california)
@pclabtech are you in the united states? im waiting for my pen in canada :p
i got my pen today!  i could not find in the instruction "map" what the little clip with the metal piece that is oval and looks to fit where the "unjam" hole at the front of the pen is.  is it so you can use different sized filament? or just a spare piece when you need it?
to check your survey, start here: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings from this point navigation will depend on what device you are using to access the page.  generally, on computer you would click the blue circle with the + next to the 3doodler project, then click survey.  generally, on mobile device, you would tap the 3doodler project, then tap survey.  hope this clue helps.
ouuuuuuuu cant wait any longer.... :-)
@neil you can see it in the backed projekts view. click on the photo, then backed projects. then on the plus on the right, and then you habe a tab where you can see the survey.
@gehna.....from an earlier answer......- trackers will follow, but given the volumes these take an unusually long time to collate, and as a few people noted from our first ks, pens sometimes arrived before trackers!
i have not received my tracking number yet. can you please send it as soon as possible?
@neil  when i go to the rewards section, the award level that i am at is highlighted and in that highlighted section there is information about the survey that was sent to me
if we didn't fill out the survey will i be notified? or how do i find out if i did? i've asked this a few times to no response. please let me know.
@ian sudol, that's spot on! thanks for helping out here. @carlos, we do use hybrid services like dhl+usps in the usa. for europe we use dpd once it hits the continent. @punan/all backers - please do not post your personal details on the comment wall. for questions specific to you please message us directly via the kickstarter messaging function or help@the3doodler.com. this will ensure your privacy as well as quicker responses from us.
@maxsiu1989 they have 10000 pens to ship in total they are sending out more and more as they progress starting with only a couple hundred on the first day.
@carlos g in the u.s. they are using dhl, but when i received the original it was handed off and delivered by usps.
@maxsiu1989 i haven't received mine yet in canada, i will post when it arrives.
does anyone received their pen yet? they said they will send out ~10000 pens on april 6. however, today is april 14. i can not wait!
i check the comments every day, and i have to say that it's very inspiring to see that everyone is just as excited about this as the next person.
i think it is shipping dhl.
@jack. i have not yet. as soon as i do i will post.
does anyone know if it'll ship fedex or ups or usps in the states?
hi, i am writing to inquire about the shipment of my doodler as i had planned it as a birthday gift for someone and that birthday is just around the corner. would appreciate any updates if possible. thanks and regards, punan choudhary punanch@gmail.com
@jack i saw on twitter that a few people got them yesterday.
has anyone received theirs yet
how many 3doodlers have been shipped so far?
public holidays for hong kong: http://www.timeanddate.com/holidays/hong-kong/2015
2 questions:  1.does easter slow shipping down? 2. is shipping air or sea shipping? p.s. can't wait!
thank you bgfilly.
ken, the plastic is the same as the current 3doodler so you will be fine to purchase that plastic. as long as it's the 3doodler brand
anyone who knows this please answer. michaels crafts sells the plastic for the doodler, will those packs fit into the new doodler pen coming out, or is it different plastic? they have packs of plastic in both pla and abs and i am trying to see if i can buy plastic from them as i run out  - the other alternative is that i have to purchase it and wait for it to be shipped so i will have it on hand when i want to play. thank you, ken
@creator nice to hear from you again to ;). i can't wait for the pen.
thank you for the update.  i'm ready. i already purchased some extra plastic for my daughter and myself. :-)
happy to hear shipments started as your last update stated the manuals we're *going to* arrive. they must have arrived as planned. how many 3doodlers have gone out? we check every day for delivery because we are so excited. :)
dear backers, that's a lot of questions for us to catch up on :) taking each one in turn: @sandra - there are details of the plastic packs in the faqs. everyone in the regular pledge levels will be getting x2 abs mixed packs, x2 pla mixed packs, + x1 free flexy mixed pack. while stocks last most packs will have glow in the dark in them. looking at inventory though it does seem that absolutely everyone should get at least 5 strands of gitd! we're also trying to optimise the mix so everyone gets as wide a range of colors as possible. for europe we do tend to use dpd in most countries. @patrick - the second round of surveys went out last friday/saturday and the response rate so far has been superb. we'll be closing and collating these next weekend. @matt - we have yet to survey everyone for the hall of fame, but once the page we are building is ready we'll ensure your wife's is named there. @alexis - look out for delivery notices and if someone else is home they can sign. michael's answer is spot on!! :) @ian - good to hear from you again. shipments have started to go out, note that we start slow to make sure we get it right and then ramp up. to be clear not everyone went out in day one, it's a few hundred first, then a few thousand, and then more and more and more until you all have pens and are all doodling! @hema - thank you! your support is awesome! please also see the answer to ian above re shipments. @epicstuff - we can't wait to see them! @maria, @lh - trackers will follow, but given the volumes these take an unusually long time to collate, and as a few people noted from our first ks, pens sometimes arrived before trackers! thanks @remiam!! @raj, @adam - we don't actually ship out of ma (thanks @ian), but regardless we'll get your pen to you as fast as we can! @udi - you should be ok! if you are worried about this then drop us a line at help@the3doodler.com and we can work on using a different address. @edmond - admittedly this was meant to go out yesterday, but we get only get one chance to survey everyone and we want to make sure we get all info needed due to how complex the details of this pledge level and shipping are! coming soon though!
"q: what about surveys for the edu bundle backers? a: edu bundle backer surveys will be sent out on friday (10th april). you will also have two weeks to complete these before we set these surveys to “no change”. "
when will the survey start for edu pledge?
the reward levels being shipped this week and next include: " day 1 community specials, 3doodler 2.0 (pen only-level), accessorize, double 3doodler 2.0, and finally double accessorize."  the 2nd wave of surveys have been sent for all other pledge levels. the second wave of surveys will be finalized roughly around april 21st. second wave pledge levels will not start shipping until the no change takes effect for the surveys. please see official update for complete details:  update #11 apr 1 2015 much ado about shipping
i have a question addressed to everyone. will i have to sign the package? and what if i miss it? i will be out of the country starting tuesday. i had a 99 dollar pledge so i really hope it ships.
i am leaving for 2 weeks on tuesday. i live in indiana and i hope i get mine soon. has anyone else in indiana or in the u.s gotten theirs?
i am leaving for 2 weeks on tuesday. i live in indiana and i hope i get mine soon. has anyone else in indiana or in the u.s gotten theirs?
@raj @adam they are shipping out of hong kong
@rajesh i asked if they were shipping out of somerville, and they said they were shipping out of a different location.
i leave in next town from somerville ma and i haven't received the package yet.
im checking every day to see if anyone has recieved their pen yet
@epicstuff can't wait to start seeing some cool tutorials and lets draw. going to be so very cool. @remiam i have a feeling your right on the nose to that statement. but not necessarily a bad thing.
has anyone started to receive any shipment updates? they were to be sent out 4 days back..sorry..m just very eager to play around with the pen..
please post if you receive the pen
if this campaign is similar to the original, i received my 3doodler several days before i got a tracking number.
can we get the tracking number?
are the tubes of plastic with 100  sticks available for sale as in the edu bundle?
has 3doodler shipped? i am 99$ one.
@maria sounds like your 3doodler may be part of the second wave with surveys sent on april 3rd. "a: the second wave of surveys, for the jetsetter, superdoodler, powerdoodler, doubles thereof, as well as the bling bling! and the family pack levels will all be sent out on friday (3rd april). you will have two weeks to complete these before we set these surveys to “no change”." the second wave 3doodlers will begin shipping after the "no change" takes effect which will be around april 21st. regarding tracking numbers, this is a manual process and you may receive your tracking number after your 3doidler has already arrived. "q: can i get a tracking number? a: yes! we will send tracking numbers, but please note that compiling them is a labour intensive process. we are a small team and this is not automated. in some cases you will get your pen before your tracker is emailed to you. please do not be concerned if you tracker has not arrived yet – it is not indicative of whether your pen has been shipped."
hi, i have been contacted and asked to send direction for shipment a week ago.. due to our adress peculiarities we really need the tracking number because we have to go to the station!!! would you be so kind to send it please! sorry to bother!!! thanks
excited for this guys!!!
for those looking for tutorials and videos on youtube i'll be doing a series. here's the link-https://m.youtube.com/channel/ucwxshhpx1gqn-ishnm4sy0g they should be there in around two weeks from now
a very big congratulations to the 3doodler team! thank you!!!!
@aaron i am not sure where you got the shipping charges, but i live in the usa and am paying $20......so if you now want a reward delivered here, i would say that there wouldn't be a refund due.
what are the tools that are included in the 3doodler 2.0?
hey ,how is it going on the shipping (if you started no rush ;) ). i can't wait for the pen!
shipping time changed because i was super early bird and changed to the bling bling.
@aaron...what delay?
i have an issue. i originally paid for thailand shipping but because of the delay i will now be back in the usa. i put the correct shipping address but paid $18 for shipping to thailand instead of $7 to usa. will i get a refund?
@alexis....anyone who is at your address will probably have no trouble signing for your package.  if that's not possible, because no one will be home, i suggest you go online to the web page for the delivery company and see if they have a form you can sign that gives alternate delivery instructions.  ("if i am not home, leave the package with my neighbor to the right at number 123 main street" for example.)
if i am not home to sign for the package can someone else at my house do it for me?
i believe shipping starts on the 6th.
@gilbert i think he means he received the survey not the pen.
wow cool you just got it that is cool.
@patrick i received mine (i'm a jetsetter).
for my hall of fame mention, can i get either my wife's name attached to mine or just get her named mentioned? this was a gift to her and she is the artist.
when i receive my 3d created i will create my 1st note hp cover
@mark read the current update #11
@sandra they will be using shipping companies that have a good reputation and also understand that you will receive  your package regardless.
@sandra to answer your question. yes you will be getting those filaments in this exclusive kickstarter campaign
we're the 2nd round of surveys sent out? i was expecting mine on friday as stated in your latest update but didn't receive it! just want to make sure i'm not missing it.
hi i have a few question. did you give us also abs and glow in the dark plastic with the package ? i understand it's a lot of work for everybody . what kind of ship service you use for europe maybe dpd ? thanks and i'm so happy finally a few weeks and i will receive all the good stuff from you . happy easter
@mark.......lol
when will the super doodles be arising at homes
@andrew laffin: don't worry, "be respectful and considerate" is written under everybody's comment box.
@ ken gross: lego bricks are abs plastic, so using our abs plastic they can totally be made to join for all kinds of creative fun.
a couple of weeks and i shall get to doodle in style! wonder if i can doodle on lego bricks, anyone ever try that?
@all - we love our community and you all mean a lot to us. there have clearly been some miscommunications between backers, but we hope our latest update helped to clarify everything. let's keep things friendly, polite, respectful, and focus on the awesome things everyone is going to be doodling soon!
just curious, does it say "be respectful and considerate" under everybody's comment box or just mine?
richard, as i stated before i was not trying to harass you. i apologize if that was how you perceived it. i was merely trying to help. i am sorry that you felt attacked that was not my intention.let's start over. i am sorry.
@richard i have only seen one person doing the harassing around here...
@chris since your so well versed on cut and past let me cut and paste the entire update including the paragraph after where you cut it off: dear backers! we wanted to let you know that things are going great here at 3doodler hq. we're thrilled with the first reactions to the 3doodler 2.0 from our early bird backers. we really value the feedback they have given us on our pre-production pens, which will help us make sure that your 3doodler 2.0 pens are as good as they can be! in terms of timing: mass production commences next week, and we'll then be working around the clock to get your pens out on time. right now the breakdown for shipments is as follows: 1. we'll start shipping pens towards the end of march, a week or so ahead of schedule! hoorah! the first pens to go out will be the community specials, as well as the 3doodler 2.0 and accessorise pledge levels. 2. we'll then move onto the remaining pledge levels in april (jetsetters, superdoodlers, powerdoodlers, the bling bling! pens and the family packs), with the aim of getting all units out by the third week of april. 3. edu bundles will ship to schools in may (as planned), although the pen and accessories for the actual edu bundle backer will ship in april along with the powerdoodler pledge levels. we'll be sending out surveys to all backers in mid-march so that we can collect your mailing addresses, so please watch out for those! to help keep you as psyched as we are until you get your 3doodler 2.0, we wanted to share some great creations and our favorite comments from our early bird backers (there's nothing like testing a product with real power users!): so now that you have the honest truth, both you and bgfilly can either back the @$#^ off or i report both of you for harassment! that's the last warning! since you both seemed to be incapable of being respectable and considerate i think you should discontinue your posts in this thread and go find a corner to stand in....your beginning to bore me. @creator once again i would like to thank you for updating the previous update and clarifying the dates. do me a favor put a sock in these two!
@ richard this was cut and pasted 5. surveys: how will we know where to send your pledge rewards? we'll be sending surveys out a few weeks before your pens ship so that we have the most up to date contact details possible. any other information we need will be included in those surveys. watch this space, and please check your junk mailbox every now and then just in case! no where does it say all 1. we'll start shipping pens towards the end of march, a week or so ahead of schedule! hoorah! the first pens to go out will be the community specials, as well as the 3doodler 2.0 and accessorise pledge levels. 2. we'll then move onto the remaining pledge levels in april (jetsetters, superdoodlers, powerdoodlers, the bling bling! pens and the family packs), with the aim of getting all units out by the third week of april. 3. edu bundles will ship to schools in may (as planned), although the pen and accessories for the actual edu bundle backer will ship in april along with the powerdoodler pledge levels. thanks to people like you they had to answer the same damn question over and over instead of making pens.
richard, i can assure you i was not trying to harass you. i was only trying to be helpful. and i was not trying to be a spokes person for wobbleworks. they do a good job of that on their own. they don't need me.
richard, i can assure you i was not trying to harass you. i was only trying to be helpful. and i was not trying to be a spokes person for wobbleworks. they do a good job of that on their own. they don't need me.
@bgfilly i've been happy all along but you seem to try to be a spokesperson for wobbleworks, and your customer service is not as professional as wobbleworks. i reiterate that the last update sent before #11 specifically stated all backers, all meaning all of us, would receive our survey in march. i did not receive said survey and they changed the time frame, with the new update, which is all i asked for. i don't need your non professional responses as your not the creator. harass someone else if you don't mind.
cant wait, only a couple more days to get my pen. i cant imagine the logistical work for 10,000 people with such a small team. kudos to wobbleworks and thank you for everything!
@taylor - assume they will, it's always safer that way. if they don't need one then that's a bonus.
@michael thanks so much!! :)
@taylor try this link......it will ask you for your tracking number, so you will need to wait  until you get that, but you can opt out of a signature. http://www.simplydhl.com/ondemand/schedule-108328g-316469f.html
sorry if this has already been asked, but do you know if packages shipped to the us will require a signature? just checked the dhl website and it says it depends on who/where the package is shipped from.
richard, i know very well what you are talking about and i read perfectly. you however obviously missed l the comments because people repeatedly told you the same thing i did. and the creator finally answered your question. hope you're happy now.
cannot wait!!!in nz so guessing delvery going to be around the second week of april?
thank you 3doodler for the new update that clarifies everything, i appreciate it.
oh i guess i don't understand the part where it says sending surveys to all backers in mid march. it's now april and no surveys. go read the update yourself and let creator answer themselves, you obviously don'r read well nor understand!
sorry just realised what happened don't worry.
i have not received any of the surveys. why is that?
thank you for all your hard work getting information and the product out. i am sure that an undertaking this size with so many people involved can get hectic and stressful. i am looking forward to getting mine so i can start practicing using it. i have many projects floating around in my head where this may come in handy. :)
richard, i'm not sure how on earth you're missing any information. it has been repeatedly stated that the surveys we're broken down into two waves. that the second round of surveys would be going out by mid april and all pens should be shipped out by the end of april with the exception of the edu packages which are going out in may. 3doodler has answered everyone's question repeatedly at times. you will get your survey soon. and you will get your pen sometime this month. this company goes above and beyond to make sure they are on time. there is no delay. they are not screwing with your money. you'll get your pen by the end of this month.
@richard your questions were already answered. surveys for the second wave of backers will be sent out some time this week. shipping for the first wave of backers will begin this week. all backers will receive their pens by the end of april. what is it that you do not understand. i'm unsure how they can make that message clearer. the 3doodler team has constantly mentioned this in their comments. i will say, however, that it would make much more sense to release a new update with this information. as far as i'm concerned, for every question asked in the comments, there is an answer in the comments.
for everyone who seems to know what should be happening and telling me what was said, here is a quote from the last update "we'll be sending out surveys to all backers in mid-march so that we can collect your mailing addresses, so please watch out for those!" so i should have already received my survey, and expect shipment sometimes in april. i have read the comments and the updates and they all say the same thing, so maybe someone else needs to read and @creator needs to provide a new update with the corrected information. there would be no questions if the information provided answered the questions.
where do i find "when mine ships"
same here, 48hrs on time.
mine ships in 48 hrs, on time. everything has gone as explained to the letter. which is amazing, i dont know how you factor in answering the same questions over and over in your production schedule. ( may have been here sooner if they didnt have to )
does any one know what date they are being ship in april
@ kellyk413: many thanks! we'll provide a full update later today which should help clarify timing for everyone, but yes we are in april (almost) and well on schedule!
@ samuel alexander: it is 1.5m long
@ bgfilly: +1
richard then read the comments. you will be getting your survey soon. you should be in the next wave. you should have your pen sometime in april. these guys got this and yes they are still on schedule.
@richard, i don't know then maybe try and contact them at help@the3doodler.com
to all: if you will please read the campaign page again.  shipping is estimated for april..... and april 1st is tomorrow, so they have 30 days to get you your 3doodler...... and it said estimated... give them some slack.......
@jennifer i am a power doodler backer @bgfilly i do read the updates and seems you haven't because they said all backers would receive their survey by the end of march...that's today! if you read the last update you will see where they stated the surveys would be out for all backers by the end of march. so their not on time.
how long the shipping to italy will takes? almost one week? ty :-)
@richard read the updates. the first wave of surveys have gone out and those pens should be shipping out soon. the second wave will be going out on the middle of april. what level are you? if you were in the first tier of surveys than you need to contact 3doodler as they are finalizing those as we speak. this team is right on schedule and have done a tremendous job answering questions
@richard a, what pledge level are you
well middle of march has passed? april first is tomorrow here in michigan and still no survey. i'm pretty sure that when someone pays over $200.00 in advance that they would be better informed in a more timely manner. makes me wonder if they are on a island with sunshine spending the money?
i did not receive the survey but i guess my level is not scheduled for shipping yet.
samuel, just purchase an extension cord. i don't have any outlets from any good surface at my house and use an extension cord.
exactly how long will the power cord be? all of the outlets in my house are far from any good surface, and i would like to know if i need to order the jetpack. thank you very much!
@don - well spotted! can we pretend we were testing you? all survey changes must be complete by midnight est on april 1st.
i think you meant by midnight april 1st
dear backers - we have just set the first wave surveys to "no changes", which means that in 48hrs the surveys will be locked down. everyone who got a survey in the first wave will have received an email reminder (thank you kickstarter, we love this new feature!). this means we are going to wait a couple of days to send the first pens out, as we don't want anyone's pens to go to the wrong address. this happened on a few occasions with our first kickstareter and would be upsetting for everyone involved! anyone who has a first wave survey must enter their details by midnight est on wednesday 1st march. we'll be posting an update tomorrow with a full schedule, setting out all relevant dates, so you know what to expect and by when. we'll likely post the second wave of surveys on thursday or friday.
@ epicstuff: that's exactly right! we'll be posting an update tomorrow with more details on this!
@creator is the plan to have the first wave by the end of the second week of april?
@creator: may i know which type of plastics will be sent to me?
@all: we are now locking down the first wave of survey responses and preparing your details for shipment to take place. if any changes are needed please message us. 95% of surveys have been completed in full so we are well positioned. the next wave of surveys will go out later this week.
@creator: i'm day 1 community special from israel. wondering when shipping of this pledge will start, and how (dhl/ups/any other express service?). any est on when it will arrive?  thanks
@joana; as far as i know, only the early birds have gotten the survey, yet. there just isn't any reason to send it out before they're ready to ship the 3doodlers.
dear @creator, i'm a superdoodler backer and i have not received any survey yet. did i missed it? i understand the first wave surveys were already sent. should i be worried?
@chan - logistically this is not as easy as it sounds, but due to the proximity for shipping i would go ahead and order separately as the cost will be marginal and your plastics will be ready and waiting when your pen arrives!
@creator: if i order plastic from the3doodler.com/store, can it be sent to me with the 3doodler together? since i live in macau.
@ tristan hoellinger: the delivery aim is by the end of april
@ adrian frontera: please see below. shipments commence this week and will roll on all through april.
@ jan malamud: your survey will be send at the end of this week, as you are wave 2.
@ josh zaleha: we start shipping this week and it will take place over a 2-3 week period, so this can't be guaranteed.
@ et: you should be fine. will you have forwarding set up?
hello creator! i have pledged the day 1 community special (backer #1326). i will be moving out of my current address in the us by april 30th. will i have to worry about anything? thanks!
is there a chance that my 3doodler will ship out early this week if i was one of the first 100 (or so) pledges in the community ($85) level?
@creator, please advice more accurate on the surveys. i do not want to miss my 3doodler.
@creator: i would like to know then the $99 3doodler 2.0 will be shipped.
hey, just to confirm: if i understand, surveys will be send to jetsetters by mid-april, and their 3doodlers will be delivered by the beginning of march, right?
almost time to draw. so looking forward to this pen. this looks so awesome, a great idea.
stupid auto correct.....rhetoric should just be the...lol
no offense to anyone, but let's trust wobbleworks that they can send these pens out to everyone in the best way and that ultimately everyone that backed this project will receive the promised reward.  as far as rhetoric survey goes....i received the survey in my email, but i actually filled it out from this page as i was prompted when i visited.  i also received a confirmation that the survey was filled out and received by wobbleworks
i have been waiting for the survey to come but nothing has entered in my inbox. i believe when i did the purchase opperation that you asked me for a shipping address. i do not know if my 3doodler will be lost if i do not get my survey. what should i do? please advice.
@creator. oh, i guess i do not comprehend how this is true from the most recent update. in the 780+ comments this statement has been retracted with a new time frame as two waves for survey was better than one?   the most recent update says this as i quoted before and again now for your enjoyment. "we'll be sending out surveys to all backers in mid-march so that we can collect your mailing addresses, so please watch out for those!"  i think a new update is in order unless you really expect backers to sift through all these comments.
@ jack: you are the $99 3doodler 2.0 level. this information is also on your order confirmation from kickstarter. have a great weekend!
how do i know what ?level i am?
@vijay - there is no function in kickstarter to re-send a survey unfortunately. the accessorize survey was sent on 03/17/2015 and we have had 2368 responses to date (out of 2,570), including yours (which you completed on that same day), so it must be making it over... @victoria, we just checked and you did receive and fully complete your survey, also on 17th march...
@all - we will begin to compile your survey responses this coming week. on monday we'll be locking down the existing surveys for wave 1, and changes to addresses won't be able to be made. surveys for wave 2 will go out towards the end of next week, with an approximate 2 weeks wait period while you get your responses in.
@victoria - thanks for your message. but we have not slipped a few weeks. it is the end of march and as of next week some of the first wave of pens will start to go out. it will take a about two weeks to ship the entirety of that first wave, possibly three, which is why we have said in response to "when will my pen arrive", mid april in some cases. as soon as the first wave is finished the second wave commences. if you are at the accessory pledge level your survey should definitely have made it over, as all accessory pledge level surveys have been sent. you need to check your kickstarter dashboard or spam folder. the survey was sent almost two weeks ago.
3doodle team, the reason you are getting so many questions about surveys and timing is because your last update states something that has slipped a few weeks. "1. we'll start shipping pens towards the end of march, a week or so ahead of schedule! hoorah! the first pens to go out will be the community specials, as well as the 3doodler 2.0 and accessorise pledge levels. 2. we'll then move onto the remaining pledge levels in april (jetsetters, superdoodlers, powerdoodlers, the bling bling! pens and the family packs), with the aim of getting all units out by the third week of april. 3. edu bundles will ship to schools in may (as planned), although the pen and accessories for the actual edu bundle backer will ship in april along with the powerdoodler pledge levels. we'll be sending out surveys to all backers in mid-march so that we can collect your mailing addresses, so please watch out for those!" when i look through the 788+ comments, i can see you've changed your timing.  i think it would be helpful for you to publish an update with the new schedule. i am at the accessorise pledge level and haven't gotten my survey but as i can see that will be coming sometime in the next few weeks which is different from the last update. i hope you can understand why this is so confusing and why you are getting so many repeat questions. thank you for all you do!  we are thrilled.
@hassan - michael is correct @ vijay - i'm showing your survey as being responded to about a week ago.  if you'd like to confirm the address, please send us a message.
@creator. check my inbox, spam and notification, no survey mail. can you please resend it or give me an alternate to update my shipping info.
@hassan from an earlier reply to a powerdoodler level pledge,..you are a power doodler, power doodlers survey will be sent out at the end of the month/beginning of april and your pen and accessories will be shipped out some time in the middle of april. so it's will be coming to your inbox soon.
did not receive the survey is that a problem ?? someone please help i pledged for the power doodle  @creator @anyone @help @3doodler
@marcinn - please email help@the3doodler.com and we'll make sure it gets changes. @vijay - check your spam box please and also kickstarter notifications
i gave the wrong phone number in the survey .... how to change it?
have not received the survey. am i missing anything.
@ chan sok man: simply head to the3doodler.com/store. we have over 55 colors available.
@scott, we will get tracking numbers when they start shipping.
will we be getting a shipping notification when the pens are sent out? or will it be a guessing game?
hello, can i order more spare plastic and mail with the pen together?
hi all! please check out the last update and our messages below for timing questions. we'll likely begin shipping at the end of next week or very early the week after. we're simply waiting for the manuals to finish printing and the flexy to be packed and then everything will be on its way! for those wondering why they have not got a survey yet - as per the update we are sending surveys out in two waves and are still on track! this was the best way to ensure everything was processed efficiently and on time.
@creator i forgot to say that i am the 85 dollar tier
when are you sending the survey for the $195 tier?
i have the same question as bilal aktar when will the $99 pack be shipped ?
because i have gotten the email for awhile and i did fill it out
i was wondering because i got the 99$ one when will it ship out to me
hi i still haven't got the email
only five days to go!
hey when should the 3doodlers be shipping for my tier.
@jennifer - it should ship by the second week of april.
hi! do you know when my accessorize package will ship? it's an easter gift for my son - hoping to have it by then! thanks!!
i'll put it on this page when i'm closer to the time i'm receiving my 3doodler
@epicstuff sweet leave a link to your youtube channel so i may subscribe to it. :)
thanks for the ideas guys! i think i'll do a 3doodler series with all of that in it.:)
@gilbert vera @adereain
@epicstuff: you could use their stencils like the eiffel tower and i agree with @gilbert vera on the tutorial thing.
@epicstuff i first recommend a tutorial on getting started. this is my first 3d pen ever. so i have no idea how to handle it. i am sure it will have instructions but i always want to have more resources. and maybe you can make a lets draw series where you draw stuff like a rose and show us how you draw it step by step. like that one artist i saw on a local public broadcast station he would show people watching step by step how he drew a mountain or a flower or whatever and instructed how its done. i would like to see something like that if possible.
@ dennis lee: higher pledge level surveys should be out in the next two weeks or so.
@ foodfrenzy: i would assume yes
@ adrian shum: we zoned to the extent we could and hk is a lot cheaper than many other places, but we hear you loud and clear. at least it will get there super fast!
hi, is the survey coming out the same time for early bird and normal backers? when is it coming for the higher pledge level backers? i haven't got any survey in my email yet. thanks.
still, charging the same to ship from hk to hk as to other country is a bit disappointing  :(  although i understand that makes your logistic easier
would i have to sign for it?
@creator: thank you
@all-i'm going to be making a youtube series with the 3doodler and i need some more ideas so if you have any good ones plz tell me about them. thanks! :-d
@ adrian frontera: they are a registered postal system that cover the entire planet. we ship from asia and they our most reliable shipper to outlying territories like pr.
@creator: but puerto rico is in the caribbean, not in asia. therefore, how can they ship the 3doodler here?
have you sent out the surveys? i have not received one yet
@adrian - it will be sent by quantium, which is a subsidiary of singapore post.
for those asking about tracking numbers, i found that for my eb unit, i got it before i even got the tracking number. that may not be the case for everyone but that's what happened with my unit.
@creator : please answer soon, because i still have not sent the survey yet because i do not know if i put my po box or my address. thank you
where can we buy extra plastic strands please?
@will - yes, for sure. @adrian - we'll have an answer for you soon.
will there be an email sent out to backers once their pen ships with their tracking code?
@creator : i need to know what shipping provider you will use for my country. i live in puerto rico
it's not like 3doodler is the one and only 3d pen ... it's just the most popular, but there are a good amount of 3d pens out there .... although i'm not really impressed by the actual 3d drawing capability, it's only up side would be the price and the fact that you can use a filament spool..... but other than that i would say 3doodler is much more impressive.
has anyone seen this copy project? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/3dformer/3dformer-a-pen-draws-3d-models-in-air-instantaneou i really wonder which competitor they're comparing themselves with.... also, their unit looks suspiciously similar to chinese knock-offs that are sometimes flogged as 3doodlers on the bay of e.
can't wait!
can't wait!
@ carlos g.: this was redesigned in full and fully functional now, it just wasn't ready for the early birds. all is good to go!
have you guys found a solution to the clasp coming loose yet? i know some of the beta backers were talking about issues with that
@epicstuff - we'll definitely have tracking to nz. we would expect it will take 1 week from shipment, so you should have it by the second week of april.
@creator- i'm in nz just wondering if i can track it? also do you know how long it might take? really excited and have already downloaded a bunch of stencils.
@adrian - you are not taking account of the fact that you are getting x3 extra packs of plastic, and amongst the first to get a 3doodler 2.0 (plus strand stand). all of these add up.
have just seen the official page of 3doodler hk, turns out that backing the project plus shipping is significantly more expensive than buying it directly from the official online store :(
ships from hong kong? i am in hong kong and why i need to charge for that much for shipping then :(
@hfb, we will be in touch for an address update soon.
are the eb's still going to have a survey sent out? i haven't seen anything yet, although nothing is changed so i'm not that worried.
@ian - shipments start at month end and will take place over a 2-3 week period, and we'll for sure send out a notification email. they will ship from hong kong direct to your door.
@creator i got the email on monday and i was just curious as to know when the pen will be shipped and if i will be getting an email notifying it shipped. as well as i am curious as to where the pens are shipping out of.
@rebecca - this will all depend on the design of your holder. provided there is no plastic overhanging the flame of the tea light you should be ok. the plastic will only start to soften or melt around 200 degrees. @ivonne - you are a superdoodler, which means your survey will be sent out in a couple of weeks and shipping will commence around the middle of april. unfortunately this means it won't be with you for april 6, but it will be there very soon after that! @brandon - please feel free to get in touch with our customer service folks at cs@the3doodler.com and we'll get you doodling again. this sounds like an issue with that particular strand of plastic. can you try it on pla setting and see if that helps at all?
i can't wait to try out flexy!! i made a pair of glasses last night and brought them into school with me and they broke in my bag d: also: my original 3doodler has been working strange lately. when i was working on my glasses last night, the pen had trouble feeding the black abs plastic through. i tried a piece of yellow abs plastic (from a different bag of plastic) and the 3doodler worked flawlessly. have you seen problems with your plastic quality in the past? i'm assuming its the plastic and not the pen:)
hey i was wondering if it is normal that i haven't gotten my servery? and when will it be coming? by the way i was a super-doodler banker? will i get it in time for april 6 because it is a birthday present? thanks and sorry if u have answered these question already 1000 times.... but once again cant wait and thanks so much!
okay, who else is on the edge of their seat?! i'm hugging my old 3doodler and dreaming of when i can take it on the road with me!
oh my
hi, just wondering if the plastic is heat resistant? for example for use as a tea light holder?
@leslie, you are a power doodler, power doodlers survey will be sent out at the end of the month/beginning of april and your pen and accessories will be shipped out some time in the middle of april. so it's will be coming to your inbox soon.
@creator  did i miss the survey email?  i've had a busy march and one other kickstarter that had an epic fail and hope i didn't miss it or accidentally delete it.  thanks!
(@creator)
i am based in puerto rico
@ shane: +1 and thank you!!
did i mention how awesome you guys are for everything you've done? i'm actually able to fix some of my household items using the abs plastic, where otherwise i would've had to buy a replacement! i'm even looking to fix homeports of my car too! (not external facing though, just clips etc. super proud to have backed all this stuff :)
@ lisa reusch: that's spot on! jetsetters are in the next wave of surveys.
@ adrian frontera: it is country dependent. where are you based?
@ canadiancoffee: you are a powerdoodler which puts you in the second save of surveys and shipments. this means we'll send your survey in early april in time for shipping in mid to late april.
@ richard a. vandermey: surveys for powerdoodlers will go out at the very start of april in time for us to ship in mid to late april.
@creator i haven't recived my survey yet. i was wondering if because i got the jetsetter option it would be coming later because it is part of the last wave?
@creator- but what shipping provider will you use?
@creator -- i haven't received a survey yet either (checked my spam folder as well).  should i have already?  thanks.
@ creator i already am a backer was wondering when i will get my survey so i can prepare to enjoy my 3doodler. i hope i get mine before christmas and not in may or june. i was under the impression i was going to expect my survey in the middle of march and my 3doodler by april?
@cptblack - thanks for asking! the best way is to sign up for our newsletter here, so we can keep you informed of news as it comes along: the3doodler.com/sign-up/
@creator - if you have plans for other projects, how can i sign up to be informed? i'm so impressed with how you have, and continue to run your campaign.
@ raffi shirinian: doing so is logistically difficult, but you can pre order the accessories right now on our website or secure your plastics now so that they are ready and waiting when your pen arrives!
@ richard a. vandermey: the backing period is over now but please stop by the3doodler.com/store and we'll be sure to have a 3doodler 2.0 in your hands by may/june!
@ dominic poon: exactly the same kind of strands are used in v.1 and 2.0, and we have ensured that any new materials like flexy are back compatible with v.1
@ adrian frontera: plastics are pre determined, but you'll get a great mix of colors. please do check out our plastics faqs for more answers. and we'll also be sending your free flexy pack with your pen!
@ gilbert vera: please check out all our stencils at the3doodler.com/community and let us know if you want us to work on any specific new ones for you! or contribute your own. we'd love to have your work on there.
@ amir soltani: you mean your v.1 pen? please contact cs@the3doodler.com and we'll get you sorted!
@ james shroff: we would estimate shipping around the end of march, so a few days later.
are we going to have an opportunity to get add on items, like more plastic and stuff before our rewards ship?
can i track it from shipping date i'm in nz
it around mid april
@richard-you should see it around mid-april
what level are they at now, wondering if i still have to wait till christmas?
finally, going to get a physical thing from being a backer. first physical item ever received. other items still undelivered. can't wait!
hi! i'm wondering: does the new one use the same plastic strings as the first one or should i get new plastic?
i meant 1 abs and 3 pla
i have a couple of questions: 1. can i choose what kind or color my plastics will be? (abs or pla) ( i want 1?abs and 3 pla) 2. what shipping provider will you use? ( usps , ups, fedex, dhl, etc.)
the first thing i wanna draw is a lotus flower, its my favorite flower. hmm i wonder if there is a template for that plant somewhere... but oh well so excited to be getting the pen :)
filled out my survey. can't wait to start my doodling. i need to buy the 100 strand packs too. hope to get 100 strand packs in all of the colors.
my first 3doodler broke after 6 uses, does not pull the pla filament. i used it for 1 hr total!
@creator... sorry, i meant for the second pen, any idea on time scales?
@adam olendorf, we ship out of a different location, on site pickup is not an option sorry.
just got my survey! probably a silly question but i live 3 hours away from the  town listed on kickstarter, so my question is are the 3doodlers getting shipped out of somerville, ma or a different location?
just finished my survey. soooo excited!
just finished my survey. soooo excited!
@hfb - we'll email eb backers separately and ensure we have up to date emails. @adrian - as mentioned some time ago adding accessories is logistically quite tricky, but you can pre-order accessories now via our site. pricing and shipping rates remain competitive, and in fact the extra for shipping is exact what you would have needed to pay had this been bundled with the pledge level on ks.
yes, it would be good to know if eb backers need to fill one out again. nothing changed for me so i'm fine but it would be nice to know if i shouldn't be expecting a survey as i haven't seen anything yet. thanks!
@ james shroff: they did some time ago. do you mean a repeat one for the second pen?
any idea when early bird backers will get a survey?
i have pledged for day 1 community special reward but i want to add extra accessories (nozzle set for example). how should i do it in the survey? there seems no such options available. btw i think i have chosen the wrong country in my pledge (though i think the shipping cost should be the same) will it be an issue to you if i simply provide the correct country in my shipping address?
i'm so happy to have received the survey. hopefully it will go fine with dpd : precedent experience was not so great. @creator : survey insisted i fill the special request line. since it is for my wife, it'd be cool if this can be gift-wrapped, but no sweat if you can't.
romania. we have dpd here, i already received some packages via dpd.
@ shawn hyde: you will be getting a mix of the two as well as the free flexy pack. further details are set out in the plastics faqs.
@ bogdan sladaru: it looks likely we'll use dpd (a courier) as they have proven very reliable before, but it does depend where in europe.
what delivery service do you use for europe? i'm asking because i want to know if i should use the home or office address. if it's a courier, then i have to use the office address. if it's regular post, but with tracking number, then i have to use the home address, because they don't like when the address on the id card is different from the address on the package.
did we get the option for pla or abs this time?
@ sandra: yes to both questions! european shipments will have tracking all the way to your door.
@ sandra: yes to both questions! european shipments will have tracking all the way to your door.
i'm happy filled in my survey. one question. do you think it's possible to track the shipment until arrive in europe ? can you send us email when you ship the package ? sorry but it's the first time for me with kickstarter . i appreciate bye
filled in my survey and sent it immediately so excited and pumped! :d
got it, filled it, getting excited :d
neither can i
i can't wait for the email.
i'm so exited!! hopfully will get to me by my birthday 30th of april. can't wait to show this off told everyone about them.
@ jack: in the next 48hrs
when are you sending out the email that wants our info?
@ epicstuff: we'll be introducing 100-strand tubes onto our site and at retail very soon, which should offer at least 25% better value for end users. we hope that helps!
i see a lot of people discussing filament here. i'm not sure if this has been asked or not. but the packs of filament at 9.99 each for only 25 strands is a bit expensive. is there any chance that you may consider offering larger packs at a reasonable price? like say packs of 50 or 100 strands?
can't wait to be doodling in hopefully a month!
yahooooooo!!!
@ epicstuff: correct, for the first wave, which includes accessorize!
p.s i'm an  accessorize backer.
so just getting this straight: the surveys shall be sent out this monday or tuesday?.
@ laura jayne milkman: for your pledge level we'll send this monday or tuesday.
will you guys be updating on here when you send out form requests? my email is terrible with keeping up i get filled with spam so don't want to miss it!
@ngan, @barbara - please check out our last update where we discuss delivery times. the first wave or pens will ship at month end and the remainder in april. may is very feasible!
may i know the delivery dates?
one more question.  do you have any idea about delivery dates?  i want to create something for our local art expo in may.  any chance?
@michael: yes they are active when connected to ground.
thank you for the info.  i have an additional question.  are the fast and slow inputs pulled high internally and then are active when connected to ground?
@michael: male .1" pin headers can be used to plug into the 3doodler 1 or 2.0. same one used for most arduino projects. there are three pin outs, ground, fast button, slow button. the port size is 10mm long and 3mm wide. pin out is ground on the left a blank pin and then fast button then slow button. they are binary logic levels high for on, low for off. all button functionality can be done through this port, ie reverse, double-click, ect..
counting down days until aroundabout survey time. sooo exited!!!
counting down days until aroundabout survey time. sooo exited!!!
what type of connector is the control port and what is the pinout? also, are these logic level signals?  thanks..
@michael: the pen has a control port, which will allow you to control the extrusions functions of the 3doodler 2.0. some users had a great time doing this with v.1, mounting on a cnc arm to create a home made 3d printer.
i am looking at possibly modifying this pen.  are there schematics available (internal components as well as io and external socket types)
@ barbara fisk: once all curricular materials are complete we'll make them available online for free, for anyone to use.
i've sponsored a double powerdoodler pack.  my grandchildren are homeschooled and one of the sets will go to them.  is there a way to obtain a curriculum which is included in the edu pack?  it would be awesome for them to have the educational data.  can't wait!!!  :)
thanks for the updates and cant wait to get the survey.
sooooooo excited!!!
wow, it is coming up on survey time. i am fairly excited.
@ rebecca king: we'll likely send the survey out on or around the 16th march. this will go to the first wave of backers whose shipments are going out in late march.
so excited! just wondering if there was a date for the survey?
so, tried the pre-production unit one more time, but this time by taping the maintenance trap so it would stay closed. it improved things a lot. so hoping that the production maintenance trap will stay closed all the time.
@ brandon harris: we'd say err on the side of caution on this one and when we send the survey designate a person who is 18+ to sign.
i am glad to hear that 3doodler 2.0 mass production is starting soon. i had a question about the shipping. will the package need to be signed for by someone age 18+? i'm seventeen and have had difficulties with usps refusing to let me sign for packages under my own name in the past. thanks for all the great work on this product, i am sure i will love it more than i love my generation 1 3doodler!
@jacqueline - it's going to be a close run thing, and we would err on the side of caution with a no on this one. that said, we're moving as fast as we can. @foodfrenzy - the campaign is now closed, but these were the same in terms of content, but the $85 was for a first day community special.
@foodfrenzy....the $85 pledge was only for the first day of the campaign....items you will receive are the same
what is the difference between the $85 and the $99 pledge.
hi, i'm so excited to get this for my daughter for her 11th bday (3/23). turns out she (all on her own!) asked for a 3d pen two weeks ago. any chance she'll get it in time for her bday? thanks
@ivonne allers: we'll be sending out a survey in the middle of march were we will collect address for shipping. this way we will have the most up to date details possible before shipping.
hello! i cant wait! but i was wondering are we suppose to have gotten an email? with for example the address extra?
@marie-andree poisson - if you drop us an email at the designated early bird address we can set up a skype call and walk through all of these issues. we're sure we can find solutions for everything! have a good week.
*spurt, not spur
very disappointed by my first experiences with the pre-preduction unit. some observations: - small size is nice; - loading the pen is quite tricky, and slow. transition between filaments of different colors is also a slow process; - end of pen is hot as hell, and since you have to stick your fingers down there to activate it, you burn yourself repeatedly; - plastic (abs) extrusion is very unpredicatable. it sometime spurs and make small balls of plastic, and sometime dont extrude at all, even though the filament seems to be well engaged. seams like the ink is not hot enough, or the nozzle opening is too small. i tried without the nozzle, and the quantity is much better (even too much), but the "ball effect" is still there. and quite weird considering the previous, it also leak a lot when the extrusion buttons are not in use. - the maintenance cover go up when the filament go down, probably not putting enough pressure on the loading mechanism (not sure about that one) hope that the production units that we will receive will correct most of them.
only 1 month to go!!!!! yay! :d
@kenji- they will be sending an email closer to the time of shiping
i have funded the project and still yet to receive any update with i will be receiving my pen.  and location is in singapore. kindly assist to further advice me on this..?
@yudi - i'm pretty sure they said before that the early pen users would also get another pen. "but as per our note please just use abs and flexy, and we'll be sending you a second pen, on us, in a few weeks which will work like a dream with pla! all non early bird pens will work with all plastics. we just didn't want to delay your first experiences and feedback from the 3doodler 2.0." also, if anyone needs straight filament, you might try asking filament vendors.  it's not like they have to put it on spindles.  if it were worth it to them to sell filament in bundles of straight sections, they could do that.
@ sandra: we'll send the survey in the middle of march so that we have the most up to date details possible before shipping.
hi i have a question when will you send us the survey to update all the details about shipping and address . middle of march tell me if i'm wrong thanks
does the pre run pen come with white and green plastic in the pen and nozzle?  i have # 000-00084-1 and the brass that the nozzle screws onto is discolored and there was plastic that the seller said was from the factory from testing.
yudi .. any more info on straightening the filaments ?
i will for sure try it first! i am not going to give it away (to somebody who will buy one anyhow) before!
dear @francesco, i already used the new 3doodler for about 3 hours, and it is great and work smoothly, see my solution for how to make your filament straight with a heating fan... except the maintenance cover all is working fine... i have masking it ...
@francesco - 3doodler 2.0 does turn the plastic as it feeds, which is a necessary feature of the new (and very small) drive system. as mentioned elsewhere, we do not warrant the use of spools in the pen for a whole host of reasons, ranging from spool quality through to load issues (and the strain it puts on the internals of the 3doodler - which is a lot smaller than your usual 3d printer). it's a shame to pass on your 2.0 on to someone else just because of this, when the feed is incredibly smooth, and the strands can be loaded in sequence. maybe you want to take it for a spin first before you commit yourself to that decision? we have some early bird backers who just can't put theirs down.
is it true that the filament is twisted and not just fed like the old pen? i understand the need for using straight filament and i support it. however, there are time when i need a continuos very long line and a spool of high quality filament is all i can use. if it twists, then risking with spool is no longer possible and i wil, be forced to pass the pen to somebody else (well, already found somebody hoping i would do so) and stick with v1.
@creator, you wrote "we are aware of the issue with the maintenance cover on the early pens - that won't be an issue with the final run pens.  we're hard at work making sure the final run will be perfect, so that everyone will get a pen that works well!  " so ? are we, the first 100 backers get the fixing up of the final run ? how ? exchanging our doodler, or a substitute of the maintenance cover ?
so you may like my art: http://ymarton.com/statues/big/the-fish(big).jpg
wow.
oh wauw, talking about talent. it's a master piece!
@shao - thanks so much for your feedback. the response to 3doodler 2.0 has been superb so far. we're excited to get this into everyone's hands and see what you create! please also check this out: one backer, cornelia, made this stunning ballerina within a day of getting her new 2.0! https://twitter.com/3doodler/status/570409212158681088/photo/1
i have my early bird 3doodler 2.0 a few days now. as a v1 backer i can say that v2.0 is a huge improvement. it truly is much slimmer, lighter, quieter and yes easier to use because it is easier to hold in your hands. v1 feeding buttons had the tendency to get stuck not with v2.0. luckily i don't have the problem with feeding the filament like some others do. now i'm waiting for the final version. i have 3 daughters and to have them 3doodle at the same time would be awesome. they like to show off the pens and let their friends "play" with it. sometimes there are 6 kids at my home taking turns to 3doodle. they all love it.
thank you all so much for your comments.  as mentioned, we are aware of the issue with the maintenance cover on the early pens - that won't be an issue with the final run pens.  we're hard at work making sure the final run will be perfect, so that everyone will get a pen that works well! as for the straightened filament- that's something that we need in order to ensure smooth doodling.  while you may be able to straighten other strands to make them work, we still would be unable to warrantee that, as the 3doodler 2.0 is designed and tested to work with our filaments. as always, if you have any questions, please let us know either here, via private kickstarter message, or through email!
@yudi thanks for helping find this. i actually found that video before a long time ago, but i forgot about it lol.
see what i have found after one hour of searching the net... fyi: making your own straight abs filament.... http://libre3d.com/category/551/other/listings/566/make-your-own-3doodler-filament.html
recieved the early bird 3doodler today.  and i have the same problem as some of the other backers. the pen does not pull the fillament as the maintenance cover lifts and does not grip the plastic.  later today i will try the scotch tape soluction.  overall the pen appear to have good quality and the packaging is quite good.
team not tea, sounds funny with the typo
nick. great, this is great tea or so it looks like
i just skyped' with the creators and they were extremely helpful! in just a few minutes they helped me get, what i was convinced was a "non-working" uniting, fully operational! the maintenance cover is indeed and issue on the pre-release/early-bird models but it can be remedied fairly easy, with tape or screws. and from what they were telling me, they have solved the maintenance cover issues for the final production model. it's really awesome to have had direct commutation with the creators, and couldn't be happier with everything 3doodler has done and is continuing to do. finally a special thanks to max for taking the time to talk to me and helping me to get my 3doodler functional! http://www.nickdclements.com/pictures/3doodler_thanks.jpg
without twisting the filaments
i will sell it if they really make the extrusion not working with other filaments. i accept the risk it breaks, but i need long plastic of one colour for what i do.
i might sell it if the maintnence cover wobbles that would ruin the entire experience for me at least.
btw your sculptures are great.
yuri .... if what you say is true, i really see myself selling the doodler2 without even opening the package. i will stick to the v1.
i got it today,,and i have the same problem as @ralph mention... another issue is that with the old doodler i can use abs plastic from another provider, and it could be not straight wire and little curved, but now because that it is twisted by the 3doodler to pull it, it could not be used any more, so i need to find a way to straight my plastics, for me to use the wobbleworks strides is too expensive as sometimes i use about 5 to 10 meters of wires for my sculptures - example: http://ymarton.com/statues/big/zehuba(big).jpg which which its hight is about 50 centimeters...
got my pen today in australia and can't wait to test it out
update? :)
@jan- thanks! it looks great!
got my pen yesterday also. looks and feels great. i a little less noisy than the v1. more 'whine' than 'rattle'. the main problem is with the maintenance cover, which lifts up so far in use that the transport screw doesn´t grip the plastic any more. the problem was with both (the original and the spare) covers. in the end i taped the cover shut with some strips of scotch tape, which kept the cover shut and the plastic flowing. i think i will replace the scotch tape with some heat resistant capston tape in the future. perhaps a screw on top or two on either side to hold down the cover would have been the better choice than the small plastic hooks.. but i can see that this woul have made the pen perhaps more bulky.
@epicstuff yep, just scroll a little down and there you have a video and lots of pics ;-)
@early birds- could you plz tell us if you upload any vids would be very greatful
just got my pen yesterday... couldn't ask for a better timing, it arrived on my birthday, very happy... i haven't been able to use it yet but it feels great, even thinner than i thought.. i'll be using it the next couple of days and give my feedback about it.
aww man! im stuck working away this week and my 3doodler arrived!!! so bummed to not be using it already!
@ ian sudol: it will come with your pen. for early bird backers it will be sent with their second pen.
will we be getting the strand stand after the initial 3doodler shows up?
unboxing of the 3doodler 2.0 pen: http://youtu.be/4murwv_qgig
@hfb - it still won't feed with pla, as this has to do with the maintenance cover configuration not the heat setting. as a result we have not optimised the temp for pla. but as per our note please just use abs and flexy, and we'll be sending you a second pen, on us, in a few weeks which will work like a dream with pla! all non early bird pens will work with all plastics. we just didn't want to delay your first experiences and feedback from the 3doodler 2.0. @nick d - can we set up a skype call for monday? we'll walk you through this. please just email us at the early bird email provided. re the metal, it was meant to have a piece in it, but it can also be transferred. we'll walk you through the swap. @tieg - thanks! that's great news. do let us know what you create. @jan - sharing is caring! and yes we are going to be further improving the cuts on the metal so that its a perfect fit. @gadgetman - the abs actually expands upon extrusion, but the issue here is that you need to push the pen down into the paper more to get the abs to grip better. our inventors, max and pete, are also left handed, and the 3doodler has been designed to be usable by lefties or righties.
it says that pla isn't recommended for early bird units while it will be fine for all the other ones produced. can you still put it in low temperature mode and adjust it using the temperature adjustment to get the right setting for pla?
is anyone else experience difficulties getting the pen to feed properly? the maintenance cover seems to be the main problem... it doesn't seem to stay closed securely, which i suspect is preventing the plastic from being pushed down on the gear box. (which appears to need quite a bit of force to push it down at such an abrupt angle...?) i also received a "spare" maintenance cover... i'm confused as to why we would need a spare cover... furthermore, the spare cover did not have a metal guide on it like the one on the 3doodler did. (not sure if we're expected to transfer the peice of metal from the old one to the spare should it ever be needed?) it seemed to fit more snugly, but still didn't work. the only way i could get it to extruded was to take the cover off and push on the filament like you would with a triggerless hot glue gun. thank you for any suggestions you, or anyone else might have.
been playing with it for a bit(two strands worth of time)... the first i've learned is that picking the right workspace is critical, particularly if you're trying to trace a design on a template. abs shrinks qute a lot when cooling, and if it doesn't adhere properly, it will pop loose at the most annoying times. (pla doesn't shrink that much, so i suppose that's not as much of an issue then) also, i'm lefthanded, which means i tend to push the pen from the left to the right instead of dragging it, so the plastic tends to smear quite a lot. need to practice drawing the other way.
here they come: http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(1).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(2).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(3).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(4).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(5).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(6).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(7).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(8).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(9).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(10).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(11).jpg http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-pic(12).jpg and now some feedback: well i have a prototype, so i guess this will be changed anyway, but as you can see in pic. 10 the metal is cut a little too creatively and doesn't cover the plastic part completely. the same applies to the other end. i now understand, why polppol asked if the silicone was removable. it is not completely inside the metal case and therefore easy to move. apart from that, i like it, but i need to practice a while, because this is my first 3doodler.
i have backed enough kickstarter projects, to know that you (backers) want all of the information you can get about the 3doodler. finally i'm in a position where i can provide those! while the unboxing video is uploading ( and i fear this might take until tomorrow) have some stuff to read. i scanned to manual, pictures will follow! http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-manual-p1+4.png http://knowhowtec.de/3doodler/3doodler2.0-manual-p2+3.png
tried mine out this morning and already super impressed! well done y'all.
thanks for the clarification. i was also surprised as pla is a better material to use from a smell and emission point of view.
@francesco - if you read the whole message you'll see that the optimisation applies only to the first 100 pens that went out (all of those early birds will get a subsequent pen that is fully optimised for pla in a month). 3doodler 2.0 does and will work with pla, in fact the ones we are using right now in the office work great with pla, but in order to get early bird pens out last week and get valuable early feedback as soon as we could (that will benefit everyone down the line) we sent out versions that had not undergone pla optimisation yet. it's really crucial that all messages are read and conveyed in their full context, as otherwise there is a risk of other backers accidentally getting the wrong idea. we'd never try to sneak in such a drastic change, and with such a huge array of pla colors there's no way we wouldn't have these pens pla ready when they ship :)
i read from the package of one of the early ones that it is not optimised for pla and therefore it is to be used only with abs and flex
@francesco, where did you get that idea? the 3doodler that just arrived here at my office most definitely have a 'low' setting meant for pla or wood, according to the documentation. @the great wobbly ones; if it's possible, you may want to change the vac-formed plastic insert in the packaging slightly.  the spare maintenance cover was loose in the box, and the gaps around the cleaing rod and the mini screwdriver are too small to actually grip them with your fingers. it shouldn't be necessary to use needle-nosed pliers or tweezers to remove them. there's also a bit of a snafu in the manual. in the troubleshooting and cleaning section, point 3 it states to twist the cleaning tool counter-clockwise, but the picture shows it being twisted clockwise.  can't wait to get home this evening so that i can actually fire it up and run some plastic through it!
is t true that the new pen does not support pla??????
it is great to see some reviews already!  only 1.5-2 months to go!
got it in canada! dhl was super fast, and didn't charged brokerage fees or taxes (at least not yet). will put it to the test this week-end.
@zzmadzz - thanks for the super positive feedback! pleased you're enjoying it! @james - trackers will be sent soon, they took a while to compile, and we never expected postal to be so fast! @alvin - good work! that was exactly the issue and it sounds like you're well on your way! @polppol - the silicone cover is not removable this time around. it's fixed on and needs to stay there.
note to all who are getting your 3doodler. i noticed that there is already an inch of plastic left within the doodler prior to me using it so i guess that it just shows that the 3doodlers were tested prior to shipping :p. so to ensure smooth flow gently insert in the new plastic and give it a gentle push to engage the gears and then your good to go~
really pleased that people are starting to receive there pens, would you have an idea on when the tracking numbers will be issued?
thanks for first impressions guys. is it easy to doodle and are you going to make some vids of it?
yay problem solved..just had to allow more time for the abs/flexy plastic to melt before it starts extruding from the nozzle will do...fantastic product!
hi guys, i just received the version 2..i tried using the abs plastic and the flexy plastic but both unable to extrude out from the nozzle...i can smell the burning plastic smell though...i then cleared the shaft and the nozzle just now...there was some caramel stuff stuck at the nozzle internal and the shaft end, which was weird cos i only tried using black colour for both materials...after that i tried again, following your steps exactly on the instruction sheet again, even the troubleshooting steps...but still to no avail..kindly advise and assist?
yeah! congratulations.   thanks for your first impressions.
got mine today in thailand, and here what i found during testing new 2.0  what i like: - motor is much  better than v1 and i love it! extruder rate is very constant and smooth. - easy to maintenance and tools that include in the box are very useful i never expect this kind of these tools in the box! - size is much smaller compare to v1 and it much easier to use. what i don't like or need improve if it possible - button is a bit hard to push than v1 and some time i accident double click it and it a bit annoy  - in version 1, when unload plastic, i can push 2 buttons and after plastic is starting unload i can release one of them but in v2 i have to keep push both of it, if i let one of them go it will start feed plastic instead of continue unload it (when i unload plastic i often use 2 hand to push it and when it start it will release one of my hand to pick up plastic that coming out)  - i think it is better if you can have some plastic retraction (a short reverse back just like in 3d printer) after  fast/slow button has be released because after stop extrude some of plastic still come out especially when i use flex. -silicone cover that near nozzle is very hot and untouchable etc. -when pen was plug-in i feel some motor is moving for a 0.5 sec even switch still in off -is silicone cover removable? it's not in a manual like in v1
i have my 3doodler today!! such a surprise lol, no notification but viola it came!! my initial impression is totally positive!! such a huge upgrade as compared to the v1. the form is just small! like a normal sized white board marker. real improvement over the bulky and huge v1. the sound from the motor for the v2 is very much quieter as compared to v1, but the noise is still apparent even though it isn't like the vacuum the v1 was. the feeding system is the star. no uneven feeding and extrusion this time. totally smooth and the flow never stop during extrusion unlike v1 which may prematurely stop extruding midway. gonna be testing more~ so much fun :d
thanks :-)
@mickie - we look forward to seeing reactions from the early-birds as well, but they don't have them in hand yet. @gilbert - we'll be shipping each kickstarter pledge (excepting the education packs), as a single package.  so if you had a pledge with accessories in it, it will ship at once.  we do have the accessories available for pre-order on our website, but pre-orders will not ship at the same time as kickstarter orders. @hassan - we still cannot ship your order any earlier. @caroline - the number of strands will depend on how thickly you doodle the plastic.  one inch of plastic usually expands out to ten inches when doodled, so it will likely take less than you think.  we have some examples on our facebook page of models and how many strands they took, but i'm afraid i don't know exactly how many an eiffel tower would take.
sorry i did not mean to create confusion. i was just hoping some of the early birds could give some feedback when they receive their 3doodler. i'm just curious is all.
how many strands of plastic will i need to make an eiffel tower with a4 stencil?
and its @creator...
hassan, they already answered your question earlier, they said they were not able to
i am an early bird backer and have not received mine yet, i'm sure they will send them out as soon as they can :)
@creater if i pay more can i receive the 3doodler 2.0 faster
and is the nozzle set i can buy at the website already he o e for the 2.0 version ?
i don't know if yu answered this question. will you guys ship the packs and the free stand with the 3doodler or will you guys ship the pen first and the other stuff later?
wait so do the early birds already have there 3doodler 2.0' s ?
can one of the early-birds give a review when possible? thanks. :-)
i now saw the buzz feed video as well ...
@tommy you may just be the most honest man here.
@epicstuff: the 3doodler nozzle set includes six new and exciting nozzles: a ribbon tip, a square tip, triangle tip, and 0.6mm, 1mm and 1.5mm nozzles. @susan - we'll do what we can, but we can't make any promises. @tommy - we're guessing you saw the buzzfeed video too? @adrian - flexy uses the abs setting on the 3doodler 2.0.  retail prices will ultimately depend on individual retailers, but our prices are currently set at www.the3doodler.com .  we're sending some abs, some pla and some flexy with every order - the colors are outlined in the faq, but they do include glow in the dark plastic as well!  we have a wide variety available online as well, and do plan to have more available in the future! @hassan - we want to get you your 3doodler!  we'll be shipping them just as quickly as we can!
i want my 3doodler
i want my 3doodler
first of all i have wanted a 3doodler for a long time so this new and refined one is awesome! but i would like to ask some questions: 1. is flexy abs or pla? 2. what will be the future retail price of the 3doodler 2.0 and the jet pack?  3. in the survey, can we choose what type of plastic we want (abs or pla)? 4. what colors will we get to choose in the survey? 5. what other kinds of plastic are you developing (glow in the dark. flexible, etc.)? i hope you can answer my questions and i have trust in wobbleworks that they will make an amazing product. happy doodling (in april)! #whatwillyoucreate
the first thing i'm going to do is draw a penis
i was wondering what the chances are that i'll get my 3doodler before april 20th? its going to be my brothers birthday present
what are the different thicknesses that the nozzle set can do?
as a student of architecture, and art, as well as a graphic designer by trade, i can't wait for the 2.0 to arrive. i've already thought of at least 20 practical applications for it in my business. that's outside of all of the 3d architectural models i plan to doodle.
@all - apologies for the offending cupcake stick. the post was generally aimed at being a bit of fun and a play on words, however that particular stick should not have been featured in any of the photos and has now been removed from the blog piece itself.
thought the cupcakes were cute.  not something i might do, but with valentines day and all.....  just fyi, i haven't read the book and don't care to read the book.  or see the movie.  i guess it could be upsetting.  easy explanation is it's just a play on words because of the movie.
ditto on the "sexy mofo" cupcake stick - i could have done without that as well.  especially for a company positioning itself in the family/learning/education market.  i can see it now, your school announces they are getting a classroom pack of 3d doodle pens and the parents and kids all start googling to learn about this exciting education oriented company.... :(  think it through better next time, you have a brand to protect!!! :)!!
could have done without the "sexy mofo" cupcake stick in the latest email newsletter. leave it to my young son to spot it and ask what it meant.
thanks so much. :-)  penny would be a good fit too.:-)
@epicstuff - yes, the two doodlestands are different: the original was designed for storage of the 3doodler 1.0 and drawing of flat lines on a paper, while the new one is designed to more readily hold the 3doodler 2.0, even while hot, and also store your most commonly used plastics, making it easier to keep doodling without having to stop and search for the color you need.
is the doodle stand for the 3doodler 1.0 different to the doodle stand for the 3doodler 2.0?
@mickie - please send us an email at help@the3doodler.com about brochures.  and yes, it would be totally awesome to see one of the big bang theory guys (or gals - penny would be a good fit for it too) have a 3doodler!
do you have brochures for the 3doodler?  i am judging a high school art show mid-march and thought i could leave some information for the teachers.
i've been thinking one of the characters on the big bang theory should have a 3doodler.  maybe howard.  that would be cool to see it on a t.v. show like that.
@hassan - just to make sure our earlier comment doesn't confuse anyone, you will be getting flexy with your 3doodler 2.0. as we said in our update, all backers receiving a 3doodler 2.0 will get a free packet of flexy shipped with their pens. but if you love the material as much as we do, and you want to order more of it, it will be available from our online store later this year.
@hassan - we'll have flexy available in our online store later this year at www.the3doodler.com/store , but we won't be able to have it ship at the same time as your 3doodler 2.0.  we also can't get you your 3doodler 2.0 any faster, sorry. @nelson - that would definitely be interesting!  it's much more feasible with the 3doodler 2.0, and with the 3 pin control port, you could make your own buttons for it where you'd be comfortable pressing them, or use our pedal as another option.  as for a wireless option, if you want to create your own, feel free to - that's what the control port is for! @dale - we think it'll be worth the wait!
this is going to be the longest two months of my life waiting for my 3doodler 2.0!
idea. could you draw with just your finger by making a glove that mounts the 3doodler to your finger?
could the pedal be wireless one day?
@creator if i pay more can i get the 3doodler 2.0 faster
"announcing flexy - a good way to stretch! free pack for every backer. 48 hours in and funding for 3doodler 2.0 has reached over us$340,000! thank you all so much. your support and enthusiasm is phenomenal! many of you have also written asking about new plastics we have coming for the 3doodler. we had originally planned to release exciting flexy doodlestrands later in the year. but to say a big thank you, we're speeding up production and will be including a free packet of our new flexy doodlestrands with every 3doodler 2.0! flexy is the first of a series of new materials we’ll be releasing this year, and it’s also one of our absolute favorites. in beta testing we’ve been using flexy to make flexible iphone cases, wallets, jewellery, textiles, cute keepsakes and rubbery models (as well as slingshots)! each packet will have x25 strands of flexy in the awesome colors below. these were originally slated for production in the spring, but we’ve pulled things forward to get this awesome new plastic to you with your 3doodler 2.0!" how can i order flexy plastic and will it come with the 3doodler 2.0 or the abs & play plastic will come thank you
@will - yes!  there's a silicone insert in the doodlestand which will allow you to store the 3doodler 2.0 in it. @shane - totally famous! @rebecca - we're looking forward to hearing from all of our backers as well!
can the 3doodler 2.0 doodle stand hold the 3doodler 2.0 when the extruder nozzle is at high temperatures?
im totally famous now.
can't wait to hear feedback from the early bird backers when they receive there pens!
@seena and ian - check our newest update, we hope you'll be excited about the progress!
@creator i can't wait and i as well would like to hear  how construction is going and what is the process?
hey! i'm very excited :p how is the production going? is there a certain amount already made? best of luck :)
@marie-andree - no, unfortunately, we won't be able to do add-ons.
so, no add-ons finaly?
@epicstuff - pla will stick much more to paper, so it will be difficult to remove from the paper.
if you use paper when using pla what happens? does it stick? does it slide around? what happens?
that sounds quite cool!
@epicstuff - the doodlestand is just designed to hold the 3doodler safely for storage, and hold your most-used plastic colors for easy access while doodling.
with the doodle stand, can you doodle while in the actual stand or is it just to store your 3doodler?
@all - yes!  the early bird surveys have been sent!  the remainder of the surveys will be sent closer to when those tiers will ship. @russell - only about an inch of plastic remains in the 3doodler 2.0 once a strand has been used, and there's no problems with leaving plastic in the tip to harden - it will soften again the next time you use your 3doodler 2.0
i haven't received survey yet. should i be worried?
i so much envy the early birds .....
cannot wait to get my hands on the 3doodler!!! i've been following u guys from the first one but didn't have the money (#studentlife)! but @wobbleworks, have you ever thought of doing a clearing rod, allowing the still hot plastic in the tip of the pen to be extruded out, rather than leaving it to set?!?
thanks gadgetman for the information. i don't get to be online much during the day. today i am lucky enough to be able to check on this. very cool to get to see the comments.
the doodleworks people are professionals, and won't be sending out surveys to pledge levels until they actually need the information.  and yes, that means i just got my survey! :-) (i'm a double early-bird... early-bird on both this and the v1 3doodler. but this time i won't be giving it away as a christmas present... )
thanks for letting us know. it's helpful. i upgraded my pledge so i know i will be later. good to know. thanks again.
i also got my survey about an hour ago... i should note that i'm a early bird special.
@shane, when did you get your survey? thanks
surveys out for me.
when might the surveys be sent out? i am an educational bundle backer and would be very disappointed to find out that my desired elementary school is not going to get their bundle because either i missed something or ya'll couldn't verify. and the school would be equally disappointed.
nevermind, i forgot to search first. sorry
how much are yoy planning on selling the jetpack for retail?
do you have some videos that demo the new pen and the nozzles?  i have looked at several that feature the original 3doodler, but would like to learn a little more about changing out the nozzles.  i have enjoyed some of the you tube videos that showed tips and such on using the pen and plastic.  thanks. :)
awesome!!! can't wait to get 3doodling!?
@epicstuff-  we'll do our best, but the plan is still for april.  we'd love to get you 3doodling as quickly as we can though! @all - we love your ideas for what to doodle on!  everyone has their favorites, though the most common that we've seen are: plain paper (for abs), glass (for either), blue/masking/clear/kaptan tapes (for both), the plastic packs our filament comes in (for pla), and waxed paperboard, like cereal boxes come in (for both).  there are tons of options, and different people prefer different amounts of stickiness, so we definitely recommend experimenting and finding what works for you.  different materials cause different amounts of stick - you may find you prefer peeling paper off your pla doodle, because then it really sticks down while you draw, or you may prefer drawing on glass, where you get less stick, but a smoother release from the plastic.
sorry i meant will it be here by march
looking forward to getting my 3doodler-2.0! as a 3dprinter owner, i use hairspray on my glass build plate to get both abs and pla to stick. i don't see why it wouldn't work with paper?
not all paper is equal. i have some white paper for water colours that sticks a lot and a black one that does not stick. of course, using things like blu tape or kapton (like for a printer) helps.  after today and my use of the the 1.0, i find the best feature of the 2.0 is the continuos flow on double tap!
@rebecca - taping over the paper helps too, especially with pla. either regular tape or masking tape. @epicstuff - yes!
i'm in nz do you think delivery will by in april?
@rebecca: i've never had trouble with doodles sticking to paper with the 1.0. the nozzle might be hot enough to melt the lamination.
i read somewhere it was best to doodle on a piece or card. i was wondering if it's better to laminate the card if you don't want your doodle to stick to it?
can't wait to get my 3doodler 2.0!
michael rew: well i don't think it could be the exact same comment since obviously no one could have a 1.0 when the 1.0 hadn't been produced yet ;-) but i guess it wouldn't be surprising if someone else had intended to pull out in that one too but failed to but it didn't matter because their credit card was declined and took up a slot. definitely i remember in that one there were a few open slots in the earlier dates due to last minute abandoned pledges although these were actually open rather than nominally taken but payment not going through ones like this. from the pov of wobbleworks, i presume it doesn't matter that much since i'm pretty sure they're not going to be charged anything for payments which don't go through at all. they just don't get quite what they would expect. but that's the case with i'm sure pretty much any large kickstarter and it's not like they're close to not having enough money. for that matter from what they've said this is more about community engagement then needing any specific amount of money to develop anything anyway.
any updates on the 3doodler 2.0 @creator @3doodler
ugh i can't wait as spongebob once said i need it!!!
@octavio - glad to hear it! @bgfilly - we haven't forgotten about our doodleblocks!  we're still looking into the specifics of those, but we do plan to release them in the future!
finally! payment went through!
hey @3doodler what ever happened to the molds you guys were going to create? is that still going to happen? those would be fun to have!
@giulio - what news are you waiting on?  we'll be contacting you for your address closer to shipping time. @jilpi - i'm sorry we missed your message, but it's been responded to now. @octavio - i'm sure they'll get back to you soon.
any news? still not be contacted
hello, i sent a "private message" a couple of days ago, but no response so far. it was about the edu package. did you receive it?
okay i admit i am really excited about getting my 3doodler.  i am already getting plastic to be ready to keep doodling away. :)
i'm personally still waiting for a reply from kickstarter to see what the issue is.
@iqra - you'll want to contact kickstarter directly about this - they should have sent you an email with information, and how to contact them, after the payment was declined. @ian - likely in march, but it will depend on how quickly we can get them ready to ship.
hi, ive pledged the amount of 195$ and im trying to pay except it says my card is declined, although it works fine and has plenty of money on it. are there any other ways of paying?
when around do you believe the emails will be sent out. do you think that there is a chance that the pen may come earlier than april for example i live in ny.
@bariche - we'll be sending out an address survey shortly before we ship, to ensure we have your most current address available to us.  in addition, we'll be asking for your preferred plug type, so that you have what you need! @all - we're looking into what we can offer to you, our kickstarter backers, in the future, with regards to both accessories and plastic purchases in the future.  we'll see what we can do.  thank you so much for all of your support, we couldn't do it without you!
how do you go to take our delivery addresses?  i lived in france, oscan sockets will be adapted ?
is there any way you guys would consider giving a free set of nozzles to all backers? or at least the smoothing tool to go with the nozzle that is included with the pen? or as one of the other commenters mentioned would you be offering a better price for the current backs on accessories?
i'm really excited about this.  i'm not sure if this is the same pen we saw at the engadget live event in boston, but we loved playing with the pen and i am excited to be giving this as a birthday present.
really pleased and excited that targets reached and wont be long till dispatch time....could have done with a bit longer than 15mins notice that monies would be taken but hey, roll on april!
blargh. my payment still won't go through and it doesn't seem to be a bank problem .contacted ks so that they could give me details :(
will you be giving backers a better price on accessories, i really wanted to purchase a higher tier, just didn't have the money at the time. would like to see a nozzle pack for free to all backers.
i'm looking forward to getting this into the hands of my kids!
this product has been a leap to get 3d printing in to the average consumer's hands. thank you!
i am so excited about the latest 3d doodler. i think it is an awesome device. can't wait to use it. when can i expect my shipment? i live in south korea.
@lord - by extra money, what do you mean exactly? any profits will go to building the business and ensuring we can develop more awesome products for you.
congrats curious with that amount   given in pledges what will come of the extra money ?  will it go to good use ? or luxury items ?
thanks ian
@iris they will be sending out a separate email for you to fill in your info soon before they are shipped.
hi, i'm from australia, i'm already receive the email to successfully funded? how can i give you guys the address to get it, thanks
@ian - we don't currently have wood filament for the 3doodler 2.0, but we are always looking to add more options! @icywolfe - this link should take you directly there:  http://the3doodler.com/abs-plastic/ @wisleymah - kickstarter should be emailing you directly about further options to fix any errors with your pledge, and will continue to try to fix this problem for about two weeks.  you'll want to contact kickstarter directly about any problems with your pledge.
does the 3doodler 2.0 work with wood filament? if so would it be under abs or pla and do you ever plan on making your own wood filament?
i am from malaysia, i can't pay money to kickstarter, tried citibank and hong leong bank. bank told me they was block it. what should i do for this? http://www.thestar.com.my/news/nation/2013/11/11/malaysian-kicked-out-of-kickstarter-for-scamming-about-100-project-creators/
i must be really blind because i can't find the ordering for abs strands.
@rebecca - we can only warrantee use with 3doodler filament, not other brands.  you can purchase through our site, www.the3doodler.com/store, or also through maplin, as you are in the uk.
campaigns like this one are the reason i joined kickstarter long ago.  the 3doodler is an amazing tool with the capacity to enable and empower a wide range of users. i am thrilled to be a part of it's success. i look forward to presenting the 3doodler to so many organizations. i know each of them will anxiously await one of there own.
i just came to the conclusion that you don't own enough plastic packs yet until you can make all the main characters of my little pony with your collection. ;)
it has been an awesome campaign! good job guys. looking forward to 3doodling! thanks :)
just wondering if buying elsewhere would void the warrantee?
just wondering, do i have to buy plastics through you or could i get the same pla 3mm in the uk to help save on postage?
congrats on such successful campaign
can't wait to use the 3d doddler 2.0 to teach 3d geometry with my 1st grade students in san francisco!
thanks for the awesome pen man can't wait to get it
this is awesome, congrats to all the 3doodler 2.0 backers! i cant wait to get mine, i have big plans for it :d
congrats on the succesfull project. i hope to enjoy the doodle 2.0 soon.
such great news!  can't wait to get mine - and share it with folks in an art group i belong to!
woop woop!!
@hassan - kimberly is right!  the filament will be the same for both the original and the 2.0.  as for delivery, we'll do it as quickly as we can, but we're estimating april for your tier. @michael - line width really depends on how slowly or quickly you move, rather than nozzle size, although changing the nozzle size will change the range that you are working with.  in my personal experience, the normal size nozzle has enough range to make anywhere from a hair thin (but hard to control) line, to a line about 3mm thick, if you go slowly enough.  the various nozzle sizes make those extremes easier to do and control.  with the normal nozzle at a relatively "normal" speed (not trying to go extra slow, and not going so fast that you lose control), you get about a 10:1 ratio on the plastic, so about 8 feet/2.5 meters per strand.
congratulations, 3doodler! i can't wait for it to arrive!
yeah!!!! congratulations! i'm ready to doodle. :-)
yeah!!!! congratulations! i'm ready to doodle. :-)
congrats all!   superdoodler package c'mon down!!!
@michael .. just ignore the troll lol .. congrats guys !!
@tet yoon lee...i searched the original 3 doodler comments and found the exact same comment there as well
whops, i had been planning to pull out, already have a 1.0 and don't use it enough for the 2.0 to be worth it but didn't realise this was ending so seen. but my credit card had been cancelled so payment didn't go through anyway :-p does mean one of the $50 slots went to waste, sorry all!
can't wait!!!
haha on the final day i pondered whether the extra $80 dollar is worth it for the bling, blingy plastic and the engrave. then i decided no. so yup powerdoodler all the way.
i know the comment wasn't aimed at me be the creator already answered this, and thw filamentfilament will fit both 3doodlers ;) @hassan enany
what are the line widths that the pen will produce with the various nozzles and how long of single width line will i be able to make with the standard nozzle and one strand of 3mm abs?  congratulations on a very successful campaign.  this pen is clearly superior to the others that are out there.
when will i get the 3doodler 2.0 and is the plastic for the 3doodler and 3doodler 2.0 the same @creater @wobbleworks llc
i'm so excited, this will,be my first 3d drawing experience!
i can't wait for my 3doodler to come and i'm glad i backed the project :)
i was wondering if you are working on partnerships with distributors in other countries so that backers can purchase strands without having to pay shipping or customs costs from the us? create & craft is a huge craft supplier in the uk, they are also the uk's only dedicated crafting tv channel. they supply lots of big brand name crafty gadgets many of which are fresh from cha show in the us. i am sure that create and craft would be blown away by your product & the creative scope it offers crafters. partnering with them i'm sure would be very lucrative for you as they have very high viewing figures so it would offer you great access to the uk market. it would also solve the issue of your uk customers being able to purchase 3doodlers, accessories & strands without high shipping or customs charges if create and craft became a 3doodler distributor. i will give you their direct tv studio email address studio@createandcraft.tv i hope it's of use to you, if i can help you any further please let me know :-)
yay! congratulations on getting the required funding. i'm looking forward to receiving this.
yay been waiting for this since i pledged 10 days ago so excited and can't wait to see what they come up with next man i love the future
i can't to wait for my doodler to be received .....
when will it arrive i am so exited i can't waite
wow - that's great - the doodler is for my son and he can't weit to start :-)
congratulations guys.  can't wait to receive mine
congratulations!
great !
@all - thank you! we are so so grateful for all of your support! this has been an amazing campaign, beyond our wildest dreams, and we cannot wait to get you 3doodling with your awesome 2.0! @hassan - head to the3doodler.com/store and pick from one of 50 colors... there are more coming too!
awesome, good to see there's plenty of creative people who will enjoy this, can't wait to start :d
congratulations!!!
guys congrats do you know how i can order more plastic for my 3doodler soo exited
good job guys can't wait to 3doodle!.
1.5mil! welldone!!! cant wait to receive now!
wow congratulations! i can't wait until april!
congratulations!
congratulations! can't wait to receive my 3doodler 2.0 :d
congratulations!
grattz to bw funded :) now just send my my doodler ;)
first comment since backed!
well i still can use the 1.0 till then ...
how much will the new 3doodlers cost retail, on average?
@francesco i know. it will be awful.
@ivonne - we'll be sending out a survey so that you can choose which plug type you need.  the plug types will all work with 110-240v, so that voltage won't be a problem when you travel.
when i get my 3doodler and i want to plug it in will i have to buy an adapter if i live in belgium? thanks already and congratulations with the 1.5mill and the 10,000 bankers! i cant wait to start doodling!! only 1 hour left to go!!
and soon the horrible wait till april :-(
oh my goodness only 2 hours of the campaign left!!!  i'm so excited for the 3doodler team & all of the backers, together we are an awesome creative force! :-)
@trang - yes, the 3doodler 2.0 uses 3mm filament like the original 3doodler, and all the filament we have will work in both 3doodlers. @all - thank you for your support, we're so excited to have over 10,000 backers as the campaign draws to a close.
will the 2.0 pen use the same size filament? 3mm?
you made it to 1,500,000!!!   hoping you get 10,000 backers. :)
campaign is almost over. looking forward to seeing what you have in store for the future. (and getting my pen of course!)
@wobbleworks llc. - thanks for the update have a nice day.
@skyler - yes, all our accessories will be available for retail sales after the campaign ends.
will i be able to buy a jetpack later on from the website.
thank you, yes it does
@valentina - each pen will come with one strandstand set - this includes two holder pieces and one base.  there's a picture in the update, and on the right side, you can see two holders stacked, and the base plate under them.  i hope that clears it up for you.
whoop whoop $1.5 million, congratulations 3doodler, awesome achievement! :-)
wow 1.5 million. dang
thanks
i think its just one of those.
sorry i ment how many of the free strandstand they are including (in the updates section) as it isnt too clear but thanks anyway.
@valentina at least 125. i know there us an update saying they are going to include a 25 pack of flexy strands for making wallets and iphone cases and what not. but i believe the standard pack is 4 packs of 25 strands.
can somebody make a video about the differet nozzle? thanks
how many strand stands do backers get?
ohh, very excited. can hardly wait till april :d  perfect cure to winter blues this excitement :)
@rebecca - we have some post campaign treats lined up for all backers. watch this space!
@migster - you're pen is still under warranty and we'd be more than happy to help. please email us directly at help@the3doodler.com and we'll get you doodling again in no time. sorry if you have had any issues, and it's possible this was handled by a reseller in spain, but if you message us directly we will assist immediately.
just wondering if you reach $1.5 mil will there be another stretch reward?
i am a backer of this product, and bought the first version last december... i was truly amazed by it! and thought it would make a great xmas present for my son. unfortunately the pen clogged up after a couple of uses, it is completely unusable, and customer service won't help or replace it.  hopefully the new version will be better, and certainly more durable; and hopefully customer service will get better and actually service its customers. as an existing customer i am truly dissatisfied with 3doodler and would reconsider buying the new version
@cyborgmanlibre - you'll get five strands of glow in the dark abs plastic with your pledge level!  it's one of the ten colors of abs you'll get.
i wondered if the backers could receive a free small sample of the filament that glows in the dark or the possibility of including in the price for not paying more transport taxes a option to add this filament to the pledge. thanks so much.
thank you!
@nicolas - we're looking into that!
oops, i meant the strands...
the stands packaging for schools seems nice: will those single color packs or 'bottles' be available for everyone?
the only thing i hate of this campaign is the wait till end of april!
@warrick - that's correct, x12 for the school and x1 for the backer. re resale after the ks, the edu bundle may eventually be available but for schools; regarding distributor enquiries, the best way to learn more is by email help@the3doodler.com. the power cable is wall connected not usb.
how will the power cable be working? like a usb cable, from the doodler to the power adapter via usb? like the samsuns phones?
for the educational tier is it a special deal just for schools? any school around the world? the way that tier is set up it looks like the backer will get one set for him/herself besides the 12, is that so? after the ks project has finished and has all settled down, would you be willing to sell these pens in large volumes for resale in other countries where this pen has little or no exposure?
hi emma - well spotted! we adjusted this based on take-up so far and due to a question we will may get from late backers when the campaign closes ("i see there are still 400 bling bling pens left, can i back one"). it's far easier to reduce the number down ahead of time. if there is a surge in demand we will open it back up and increase up to 500 maximum; but as it stands we plan to make in line with kickstarter demand, which means we'll only be making 100, and yes, they will be marked 1/100, 2/100 and so on. so in effect the bling bling level just became even more exclusive!
i noticed that the number of bling bling pens has been reduced from 500 to 100 are there any plans to reduce the number any further ie from 100 to 50 & if so will the limited edition number that is engraved on the bling bling pens be changed to reflect the actual number of bling bling pens made at the end of the kickstarter campaign? thank you i'm cheering you on to smash the $150 million mark before the end of your kickstarter campaign! :-)
@bluejungle - we wanted to come back to the community that helped us start this journey. we are incredibly grateful for all the support and creativity that has come from creators and users on kickstarter; and we know you are exactly the type of users that will do amazing things things with 3doodler 2.0. kickstarter is also a constantly evolving platform as is no longer limited to first time projects, something everyone seems excited about. re other pens, we can't comment on them, particularly as we have not seen or used them.
seems nice, but since your pen is ready for mass production and shipping, then why are you on kickstarter? and what's the difference between 3doodler 2.0 and polyes q1?
@nufo - we'll have product on our e-store at the3doodler.com in due course. @rich - don is correct. re timing, you'll have your pens by the end of april. @cristiane - we'll send it a few weeks before shipping so that we have up to date details.
@creator i'm from brazil and payed to ship in united kingdom because my aunt lives there. when i will be asked about the shipping adress ? i want it to be shiped in her house.
sorry posted in wrong project. this project was 15$ shipping to canada...
mine was only 5$ to canada.
@richard i believe it includes shipping. when i pledged to support it tacked on $15 extra to cover shipping to canada.
i know this has probably been answered but the amount i backed, does that include shipping or do i need to increase the amount available on my card in order to cover that too. also i am getting conflicting messages regarding shipping dates, can someone clarify the time frame we can expect shipping?
i had backed the one for 175 but i ended up not haveing enough since i bought other things so i was wondering how and where can i buy one once they are relesed and how much will they be.
thanks for doing the double levels. my daughter found you the first go around. at the i couldn't get a 3doodler.  this time i can and i'm able to get one for my daughter as well. i think it's only right since she found you guys. :-)
@nick - we've be using the ks survey system. @shmuel - yes they will, that's a major concern for them and one we cater for @gilber - we have an faq on this - we will choose the colors from our mixed pack selections @will - please have a read of our plastic faqs. we'll be releasing our own speciality filament; we do not advise using 3rd party filament for all the reasons noted in the faqs.
will the 3doodler 2.0 be compatible with specialty filament and non 3doodler brand filament?
hello francesco good to see you here commenting on this project to. my question is would we get to pick the colors or is it picked at random from you guys.
@wobbleworks - will the educational institutions who are chosen to receive the educational bundles be able to purchase large orders of plastic bundles at discounted pricing in perpetuity once the original stock they receive runs out?
@creator will you be sending the shipping survey to our emails or here on kickstarter? thanks
@dwayne - it will be but we don't have a release date or general pricing set yet. stayed tuned, and please join our edu mailing list at the3doodler.com/education
will edu bundles be available after the campaign? i work in a school and our budgets for 2015 were locked in august 2014. i couldn't buy one this year if i wanted to use department money.
@tim wyatt.. was this the $85 option?? i just won it but have seen all 1850 been sold for a number of days. i hope my order went through!
early bird opening up - no longer interested if add-ons cannot be included for early backers. all the best with the project.
i actually use thick painting paper for both. white paper is the worse.
@will - glass for pla, wood for both, and of course paper for abs. or taped up paper for both. @oda - we are looking into this for post campaign, but for reasons outlined below and in the faq this is not an option during the campaign.
if it is possible to have the accessory add-on option for the early backer group?
@will it says on the website where it compares the plastics
what are some good surfaces for doodling and which doodles do not stick to the surface and can be easily removed
@jennifer - the fourth pin is something we use over at our end, but when using the pedal you won't need it. @warrick - did you scroll down the page? there are details half way down. but essentially, we've created the 3doodler pedal specifically for more versatile 3doodling. the pedal connects to the 3doodler to give you the freedom to doodle from various angles and for longer periods of time. just put your foot down, and doodle on, and on, and on! @josh - we are working on that! with some many plastic choices we want to get the ui just right. @ivonne - not at our end, but as per the faqs, customs may choose to levy fees depending on where you are.
i have two original 3doodlers which are both out for repair as we speak but i was excited to be able to back this new version as well and cannot wait to get my old pens back and this new one. i find that having extra pen's is much easier when working on a large project to not have to change out colors all the time! you guys rock!
@creator will their be any more expenses after the initial 200 euros i payed for the super-doodler and including shipping?
will the strand store on your website have a mobile version soon?
can't wait until the kickstarter is over. 4 more days !!!!!
this looks perfect for filling in gaps that my 3dprinter can sometimes leave.
@warrick it's a foot pedal control that duplicates what the buttons on the pen do.
in the $195 tier it says a pedal is included. what is a pedal? in conjunction with the 3doodler? thanks
@creator what is the purpose of the 4th input on the external speed control?
ok, i don't want to continue a discussion about battery packs and this is certainly not the place for it as we could have a never-ending discussion about these. i just want to say if someone felt offended, sorry. but this is not just a place for cheerleading but also for constructive criticism and scrutinizing any creator, that after all we are giving our money to.  my criticism might have been somewhat harsh but in my opinion still objective and valid and a useful information for other backers. so let's be happy again each with their own respected opinion.
battery packs... a lot of the packs sold online is cheap chinese-made packs that have been rebranded.  there's two things i hesitate to buy from china; batteries and memory, because there's a lot of fraud in both of those segments.  hacked memory controllers in cf/sd/pickyourcard so that they report more space than there actually is... batteries that consists of a small cell(aaa or smaller) inside a tube so that it appers to be aa, c, d, or even 16550(for li-ions)... and even if that's not the case, the rating is still vastly 'optimistic' on many... of those that actually works... maybe this cable fits the 3doodler? http://www.ebay.com/itm/usb-2-0-a-male-to-1-35-x-3-5mm-dc-plug-5v-dc-power-cable-3ft-1m-/181025674430…
selling a usb to dc 3.5x1.3 cable as an addon might be good since we would be able to use our own battery pack if we want to.
@jon smith the cheapest 3d pen i ever found and used was i think 60 usd at a art store. it had a major issue as the section where you are supposed to hold often get beyond touchable hot. later on the i read the  instruction manual and it said to use it in 5 minutes bursts. also i noticed the package has exactly the amount of plastics till the heating will break and not heat up that high. though it can still melt glue sticks! i have a appox 60 dollar glue gun.
@creator for the marv's link if you have prime it's cheaper. without prime it's expensive + the dumb 10 usd amazon shipping. also one benefit of using the manufacture's accessories is that if their own accessories breaks the product you can get 2 things: 1. the manufacturer is selling junk. 2. and they better cover it under what ever type of warranty. though more than likely i will be using something bigger like a 22000mah battery when i'm actually going mobile but when i've around people i might go with the company's product. as now-a-days if you have a weird looking machine and yet professional it can be a odd conversation starter.
@stephanie - the backer will get a pack of flexy and we are determining how best to package the schools, but yes they will get a good smattering of flexy! @ruben - this depends on how kind customs are feeling.
@marv, you might wanna step back and maybe form a complete argument before trying to trash them. you have provided no grounds to base your option on and yes you have your right to that option but please don't go trying to throw it around like facts. in truth you have no idea what it cost to make and in fact your point is held together on an example which proved you wrong. it can only prove you right based on the fact that the ad is a lie and the price is made up as you point out. which when you look at it from an outside view doesn't show anything. yes someone can go to a giant retailer like say walmart and maybe find a battery pack cheaper. but it's not their (3ddoodle) battery pack. it's not supported and warrantied by them. it doesn't include the small batch cost of specially making a custom professional  product. (as i said before it is an extra of them not their focus meaning they don't have as much buying power) not the hours of testing and safe guarding with their product or the lost product cost for items lost in the mail or kickstarter fees and taxes or design time and build time. and the greatest thing this is a business so most of all profit margins. it has to be worth doing. yes i agree one could maybe cheaply and easily pick up and modify a cheaper model. you could even find a cheaper 3d knock off pen if you really wanted too. but you take the risk and i always believe you get what you paid for. they have ton of kickstarter opinions that do not include the jet pack. it is a addition accessory that those who are interested can donate and support this growing company. it is completely up to you. i hope this doesn't not come off too distasteful but my point of responding is that i fail to see what you are trying to accomplish?  one could simply have brought up the battery replacement idea without insulting and slandering the company your "supporting". it is a good cost saving idea for those who simply can not afford the jet pack or those tech savvy but does not warrant your tone.
@3doodler: that link of mine was just an example, as usual in the online market some arbitrary srp (suggested retail price) doesn't matter, as there are plenty of similar battery packs to the jetpack available online for around $20 and some with more features and or/higher capacity.  and if a single end-customer can buy these for less, 3doodler will pay even less. just helping by pointing something out that other backers might not know.
duty (eur 10) plus btw (21%). there is nothing they can do about it.
will there be any extra charges as soon as the 3doodler is delivered in belgium?
i have backed one of the education bundles, after reading all the comments and updates i wanted to double check that i am understanding correctly. there will be a set of flexy strands for each of the 13 pens that will be sent?
so the list price of that is 50 bucks. same as the jet. and they arnt a battery company they are a pen company so i'm assuming they don't have the same number for the same discount as a company who just makes and sells the battery. if you don't like it don't buy it, i'll prefer to use their battery since they would support their own products.
@rebecca - vat in the uk is 20%. duties should be relatively low given the price of the product. @elias - you can stock up on plastic at the3doodler.com/store or through any of our retailers. @marv - the original price on that pack was us$49.99. maybe they are discontinuing it, we don't know, but they surely have their own reasons for deeply discounting this.
thanks for the information on the jetpack. however, as i had assumed this shows that the "jetpack" is vastly overpriced. anyone can get a ~5000 mah usb battery pack with an 1.5a output plus a "usb to dc 3.5x1.3 cable" for less than half of what you are asking ($50). and this goes for reliable brands, for example: http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00jp29lxg/ .  not to mention that this is far more useful than the jetpack as it can be used for many more usb devices. i have to say, the jetpack is quite a ripoff...
just can't wait!! i founded it then had to cancel but then found the money so now i found found it again, woohoo!~
once i get my doodler, where can i buy more plastic when i run out?
also i wondered if anyone knew what the tax/duty will be for the uk as i'm finding this hard to work out.
hi, i backed last night and have been telling friends about it all day, very excited to receive it in a few months. but just wanted to check will it come with a uk power cable or will i need to buy an adapted?
@emma - you're quite welcome! @james - we're glad you're so excited! @ivonne - we don't find that your fingers hurt all the time, but some people do find the hand position uncomfortable (like writing for a long period of time - for some, writing 8 hours a day feels natural, but for others, after 15 minutes they need a break), or have weaker hands or fingers, and would prefer to use one hand for controlling movement, and one for speed, rather than one hand to do both. @jennifer - you're absolutely right, and that is why we left the 3 pin control port on the 3doodler 2.0, for our more technically minded supporters! @crabota - i'm afraid that we cannot change one of your 3doodlers to a bling bling 3doodler 2.0, it is a distinct pledge level.  i'm sorry for the inconvenience.
hi creators, i've pledged for double superdoodler, but it will be great if i could get one of them as bling bling 3doodler. how can i arrange it?
@ivonne i have the original 3doodler and i don't think the pedal is necessary because my fingers have never been sore even after 3 hours of doodling. also if you have a bit of wire and a button you can make a pedal with very little effort.
hey i am have a current pledged for the superdoodler but i was wondering if the pedal is really necessary? does your finger hurt after a while of doodling. should i up my pledge?
its pretty damn sad how i spent $150 just by seeing this lol and i never spend that kind of money without thinking over for a while. cant wait to get it.
just read your awesome bling bling 3doodler update & i have now decided to upgrade my pledge to this one! thanks for such a great campaign & communication, i can't wait to get 3doodling! :-)
@creator thank you for answering my question. i'm glad that the bling bling 3doodlers will be numbered & are limited editions. i am eagerly awaiting the fun twist! :-)
@edmond - the power supply that we use will work anywhere in the globe, taking 110-240v, and we will ship the 3doodler 2.0s with whatever power supply you request.  a uk standard socket is absolutely doable.
i want to pledge the education bundle and support a hk organization. i want to know what is the specification of power input and the standard used for power socket? can you provide a uk standard power socket?
@tyler - thank you!!
this product is looking simply outstanding.  extremely professionally done and designed with a-grade marketing communications. great job wobbleworks.  you are most definitely presenting a well run, organized, and cohesive organization.  it's great to see a budding business as well run as this. my wife is very much looking forward to her new 3doodler :)
@emma - we do not intend to put the bling bling pens on our site after the kickstarter or make them available for retail. we are only making 500 pens at this time. we also have a fun twist which we'll be announcing tomorrow, so stay tuned. your suggestion of having a numbered certificate of authenticity is a lovely one and something we will explore. the one caveat to all of this is that some retailers may in the future request a gold pen (this has not happened yet), but we will work to ensure that this pen is distinct from the bling bling pens. in addition the bling bling pens will be specifically numbered as x/500 and labelled limited edition with our laser engraver.
@creator hi i am currently a powerdoodler backer, but i am considering changing my pledge to the bling bling 3doodler however i just wanted to know if the bling bling 3doodlers are strictly limited edition 3doodlers for kickstarter backers only or limited only to a certain production number, or if they will be unlimited & available for anyone to purchase on your website later? if they are limited editions will each bling bling 3doodler will be numbered & have certificates of authenticity? i think it would be a cool idea to make a limited edition, numbered & certificated 3doodler for kickstarter campaign backers only. it would be nice to have a pledge that gives backers a unique piece of 3doodling history, a collector's item only available for the people who have backed you on kickstarter as well as it being an awesome piece of 3doodling kit! :-)
hi keith - it's not the same. it holds plastic only, not the pen (which is what the doodlestand does).
is the strand stand same as the doodlestand that is included in some of the rewards?
@seena the jet pack battery lasts about 2 hours on the abs setting and about 3 hours on the pla setting. @max that's a great idea, we'll certainly take it into consideration. several of our fluorescent colors already respond well under blacklight. as far as new strands is concerned it's a very careful process of internal testing to ensure quality and safety. @john hi there, thanks for your support! we offer two different types of plastic because they both provide a range of benefits depending on the type of project you're working on. we have a detailed comparison of them on our blog here: http://the3doodler.com/2014/11/14/abs-vs-pla-whatwillyouchoose/ yes of course, all backers eligible for a pen will be receiving the strand stand and bonus pack of our new flexy plastic.
hello just learned about this awesome project a few days ago and am sold got the pack that comes with everything, just had a few questions. a) why the two different types of plastic? b) i only became a backer on jan. 17/15 and was wondering if i will be getting the strand stand? thanks for your time and keep up the awesome job you guys are doing!
how long will the jet pack battery last?
so now i see you have "glow in the dark" strands.... that's cool indeed, but what i (and many friends incl goanauts) really want are black light strands. that would be so awesome... i know you have much to do, but this is something i really want to see. it's like blacklight bodypainting without the human... i want to support that. is there any way i can help? and how hard is it to "develop" special strands for the 3doodler?
@marv - it's 4400ma, and the plug barrel is smaller than the one used for v.1. it is 3.5 od / 1.3 id.
what are the exact dimensions of the power plug that goes into the 3doodler? is it the same as v1?  what is the battery capacity in mah of the jetpack?
woo!   got two friends who attend crafty science fiction conventions in minnesota excited about these. got two sets for sharing and fun in that venue.  if you've stock investing opportunities, please share.
@creator i personally hate the 1.75 mm curls of filament. i love your decision to keep the 3 mm filament. and congrats on reaching 1 million dollars.
@nicolas- we chose 3mm filament initially, and stuck with it for several reasons.  the primary reason is allowing more doodling to the inch - if we went with 1.75 mm filament, each strand would only have 1/3 the amount of plastic, meaning more changing of filament as you go. a close second is that we didn't want those who chose to back us a second time around to have to get all new filament if they still had leftovers from their first 3doodler.
there's just one thing i wonder, i thought you would have use 1.75 filament for a v2, allowing the new version to be even thinner
@all - thank you for your continued support! @jennifer - yes, the 3doodler 2.0 will extrude well at most angles! @nick - the additions are truly free, and do not add to the shipping charge.
will the 3doodler 2.0 extrude plastic properly at odd angles? the original has been acting up when it is at certain angles. making it hard to modify a case i am turning into a carrying case for my 3doodler
@creator congrats for reaching $1million. thanks for adding on the strandstand too, it looks cool and very helpful. i was wondering, does the strandstand and the flexy filament add extra on shipping? could you also release a video showing the strand stand and how they work? thanks!
flawless execution of a campaign that every kickstarter campaign should aspire to be! great job team!
let me know when you go public (stocks)
i am looking forward to get my hands on the 3doodler 2.0! can't wait
liset, the duty is (at least in belgium) 10 euros for paperwork plus vat on the declared value.
@ef - we cannot ship as a toy i'm afraid. please see our faq on this topic: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-20-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen-reinv#project_faq_118839 and https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1351910088/3doodler-20-the-worlds-first-3d-printing-pen-reinv#project_faq_118840. this is why we say 14+ and why we do not market to kids or to children's/toy stores.
if you ship to europe, can you please ship marked as toy (which it in fact is) !  otherwise we have to pay a lot on "duties". i am looking forward to it !!! and i hope to be able to find the paddle somewhere, as soon as the 3doodle is here :-) thanks a million for taking the gluepen to this superb tool for creativity :-) liset (netherlands eu)
i can wait!  and i am happy to have understood wrongly for the number of strands!
oh no they are almost reaching 2000 for the 99 dollar category.  think of the shipping time it will take them to make and ship all of those..... lol congrats @creator for having such a great idea and making it a great invention.
@tony - sorry to have misunderstood.  thanks so much for your support! @samuil - we've stopped production on version 1.0, and are completely out of stock on it, so we won't be continuing to sell it. a few retailers may still have a small number in stock right now, with the advantage of immediate delivery, over this kickstarter which will not be shipped for several months yet.
@wobbleworks yes i understand due to the kick-starter platform the limitations with add-ons, i was simply expressing interest in what comes after the campaign and ordering 2.0 accessories after the fact as separate purchase. congrats on the 2.0 product, looks like a solid improvement.
also, is there any particular value to the 3doodler 1.0 first edition model?
will the 3doodler 1.0 still be sold online and will it become any cheaper?
@francesco, dwayne & bogdan - bogdan is spot on with his answer! @mycroft - we released a free pack of flexy plastic earlier in the campaign! @killian - your account will be charged when the campaign closes in 9 days. @tony - we won't be offering add-ons, but we are looking into what we can offer post-campaign.
@francesco: they said "5 strands each of the following colours: white, light blue, purple, brown, silver, neon yellow, pink, orange and green, and glow in the dark". that means 5*10 also "5 strands each of the following colours: black, red, yellow, green and dark blue, + 5 mystery colours". that means 5*(5+5mystery) = 5*10 so, it should be 100 (4*25). plus the 25 flexy strands, that's a bonus. that makes for a total of 125 strands, if i understood correctly.
i am confused about number of strands . pledge says 4x25 ... answer says something that sounds like 4x5
awesome, looking forward to this, and like others, i am also interested in purchasing add-ons separately after the campaign is over. really want the nozzle set package, but wanted to avoid the high shipping cost of the bundle packages. would love to buy the add-on separately after the campaign.
i bought the pack from 130€ but my account was not sold. is it normal?
are we going to see some stretch goals?  it's already at 3200%…
how many strands in total? that last post could mean a couple of different things... thanks.
just changed from $85 to $130 if anyone wants it.
hi, since the jetpack outputs 5v power, why not make it to have a usb port? so if the cable ever breaks one can replace it with a new one, and people can use it with their phones also.
@nicholas - the plastic types are set - you will get 2 packs of abs plastic, which will include 5 strands each of the following colours: white, light blue, purple, brown, silver, neon yellow, pink, orange and green, and glow in the dark. you will also get 2 packs of pla plastic, which will include 5 strands each of the following colours: black, red, yellow, green and dark blue, + 5 mystery colours! finally, we've added a free pack of mixed color flexy!
@jared- it would be 45 plus 20=65 more dollars actually. 85 vs 150.
for the plastic packs that come with this do we get to pick the colors/type of plastic or are they fixed sets?
@lh - the shipping costs for the 3doodler pen + 2 accessories are high, and while we have tried to absorb some of the shipping costs there are limits to how much we can take on.
all i want to no is if i switch my $85 to $130 thats an additional $45, i doubt the cost of the nosle set and stand plus shipping after the campaign has finished will be cheaper than $45? it will probably be around the $45 total so am i  better off to get the $130 tier now while i can?
if we don't have to pay the 20dollars shipping for the 130 dollars package - i bet there are a lot more people would take that package. the 20 dollars shipping kills the deal in my opinion.
i'm also one of the day 1 backers and would like some of the accessories.  mainly the tips and possibly the jet pack.  i'm more than willing to wait until after the campaign is over.  i would rather not see a delay in my pen.  maybe you could offer a discount coupon with each kickstarter pledge that would give us a discount on the accessories when they become available.  that could help with the additional shipping costs we would have.
@all - there have been a few requests for add-on accessories to be made available for your pledges. unfortunately we won’t be able to do this during the kickstarter campaign. we put the existing bundles together based on consumer preference from the past year (with v.1), and fortunately most of you seem happy them (although we did add the superdoodler level after a few days and a lot of requests!). we completely understand that us$50 and us$85 backers in particular do not want to have to give up their early bird deals to get those bundles. the issue on our side (and this is based on our experience from our first kickstarter), is that allowing add-ons during the campaign becomes very hard to track and verify, and creating a system for add-ons after the campaign also involves a significant reworking of logistics, which can slow things down (particularly when dealing with thousands of eager backers). there are risks to this, for example us$50 backers would not get their pens in time if they include add-ons, and us$85 backers may find their pledges delayed as a result of a small portion of that pledge group wanting to add items. we really want to avoid any delays and get you your 3doodler 2.0 as soon as we humanly can. to make matters even more complicated, adding accessories would result in much higher shipping fees (due to the box sizes and weights), which we would have to calculate and apply separately for every country (and for every combo of add-ons). all of that said, we are looking at what we can offer all our backers, but especially those who have early bird deals, once the campaign ends so that you can purchase accessories separately and not be hit too hard by shipping fees or a delay in getting your 3doodler 2.0.
@marie-andree for france, the same choice would be greatly appreciated! usps seems the best choice so far
@adrian - we definitely are, but can't say what just yet!  flexy will work on the abs setting of the 3doodler 2.0 @marie-andree - our shipping choices aren't set yet, but we'll take that into consideration
hopefully, you will choose the right shipping service! for canada, it's not ups or even fedex. usps/cp please!
are you guys developing any other filament? it would be awesome if you could make scented or glow in the dark filaments. is flexy abs or pla?
lol , awesome thanks @creator
@ian - the shipping charges are listed at the start when you select your pledge and shipping level.  your tier does not have a shipping cost for the usa, so you're all set (unless you don't actually live in the usa)!
@creator will shipping be added after we take that survey for where we live because when i choose the usa as were i lived it didn't add any money
@bogdan - yes, unfortunately, that is likely the case.  we tried to declare the value as the amount paid with our last campaign, but ran into problems with customs for doing so. i'm sorry for the inconvenience, we really wish it wasn't that way!
@creator so we'll pay taxes for $99, even if we paid less? at least we won't have to pay customs taxes for the shipping.... i hope... :)
@nick - we've actually already added a free pack of flexy to everyone's orders! @jason - shipping and handling fees vary by pledge level, due to the varying costs of shipping the 3doodler 2.0 and it's accessories. @jared - unfortunately, your best option for adding accessories is to move up a tier, or wait for them to be available post-campaign.  we're unable to do add-on pledges at this time. @alex - we're looking into  what we can do to help our first day backers out with that issue.
@creator if the campaign reaches $1,000,000 would we get something extra? like extra filament or something? thanks :)
@jason burt: $20
how much will the shipping and handling be for us?
if your an early bird in the $85 tier, is there any way to add an amount of money to get the nosles and stand or do you just have to change your pledge to the $130 tier?
shame about the customs issues, it's expensive enough to get one into the uk anyway without an extra £20+, especially when i may need to make a separate order (because of day 1 backing) to get the jet pack & stand. hopefully you can get something like backer kit sorted out, to allow for add-ons.  anyway, the new version looks and sounds great, can't wait to get it (and my v1.0 which is off being repaired for the 2nd time) to carry on doodling!
@josh - we'll declare pens at $99 (even last time we had to do so for lower backed pledge levels, as customs actually looks at the kickstarter pages and determined the price was $99) and the accessories at a reasonable resale value. you pledge level will be declared at us$130 most likely.
@clement - yes, there will be a survey.
too bad you can't declare gift status. when you ship, will the bonus items be added to the total declared value? duties are incredibly pricey. for 200$ declared value, i pay 65$ in duties and taxes! what will the approximate shipped value be?(so i know apx how much $ i need to set aside)
how do you know where to ship out 3d doodlers will there be a survey?
@josh - we did look into that with our first campaign and customs did not accept it. it's not in our hands really, and if we mis-declare it actually costs everyone even more. the best bet is to play it safe and have it be viewed as a sale in the eyes of customs. @aleta - we hope so too! edu update coming this thursday!!
i'm so excited about this. i teach middle school science and i can't wait to try this out with my students. i can see this becoming a huge educational tool in the next few years!
because this is a campaign, and not a store, when you ship these out do you list them as gifts? as i am investing in a company and getting a reward in return.
i think, for a next model you guys should make it have a built-in battery and make it be silent.
@hans - we have all kinds of developments lined up! please watch this space. @radim - that's awesome! thanks for sharing. want to co-author a blog piece with us about how you did it? please drop us a line at help@the3doodler.com
hi ww, we are your big funs and i am very happy that you are here with new 2.0 i can wait: we did our most succesful birdfeeder 4.0 by your 3doodler 1.0 :) http://www.pinterest.com/pin/485614772295633369/ it is featured now on thingiverse, http://www.thingiverse.com/ gogogo!
my wife is curious if there's any chance of developing an edible stick (like isomalt or something similar) so one could doodle edible decorations for gingerbread houses.
@all - the indiegogo campaign is not our campaign, we are only running this kickstarter campaign. @all - we are still looking into options for add-on pledges for those who are early backers, or who want a different set than what is offered with this campaign. @laura - we'll send the correct adaptor for you.
it's surprising! i guess this igg campaign is not fake because the creator is still in silence :) i was wondering if this ks campaign was owned by the same asian guy
clearly fake.
okay don't back this igg-project. it's fake !
@max, it could look unsafe but they have developed a previous 3doodler and this is a revamped model. if that wasnt the case other thoughts might be the case.
yea, but others "sell" their products on both igg and ks as well, and as stated from wobbleworks you can't have add-ons on ks, but on igg. payment to ?? ?https://twitter.com/maxokow/status/554979484303368193
i would be surprised if they run two campaign in parallel as this one is extremely successful on its own already.
hey to all. i was wondering if this igg campaign was the same... since it does not look safe to me. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/3doodler-2-0-the-world-s-first-3d-printing-pen/x/8823571
hey guys, i am interested in the jetpack and the nozzle set, but don't care for the doodle stand.... how can i "work the system" to get this.. i am already at the $85 pledge. i have considered re-pledging but, you don't have the option i am looking for.
i guess the extras will not be ready in time for day 1.
excited for the new pen, but disappointed that day 1 supporters don't have the option for add-ons  to get nozzle sets, etc...
not sure , but i think they said they will check form our addresses which adapter we get (but i might getting confused with another project)
is it shiped to europe with the eu sector adaptator or will i have to buy one by myself ?
@francesco, ian - well said. and it's our job to keep moving forward and innovating, which is what 3doodler 2.0 does. @adrian - you will need to check the specs very carefully and we won't be able to warrant use with packs that we cannot verify ourselves.
@ian little they can do. the pen is not difficult to copy. it is up to us, users to make sure we stay committed with the innovators and not with cheap copies.
just wanna check if it works if i plug it to other normal battery pack?
@creator what do you think about all of these imposter 3d pens. that came out after the 3 doodler. i personally didn't know which one to get until the 2.0 came out it is surely the best 3d pen ever but how do you feel about all of these "knockoffs".
@hfb, the jetpack is centre pin positive.
@ruggeri philippe - we are looking at all options and will make sure we implement ways for you to do this post-campaign.
hi, i'm a "day 1 community special" backer and, again, i can't wait for this v2 2doodler. nevertheless, i'm sad that it's impossible for me with this kind of pledge to bake a jet pack except if i loose this bonus. could you do something for your "old" backer?  (i hope my comment is clear because i'm not an english speaker ;)
@nick v - thank you!
@ian - we don't have a set date yet for retail. our retailer for v.1 only just saw the pen for the first time last week. in terms of who will eventually stock the 3doodler, again that's still to be determined. we love working with our current roster of retailers and will continue to look for stores that will do a great job with our brand and product.
@creator i have another question do you plan on expanding what retailers sell your product like target or something?
how long after kickstarter do you think it will take for stores like brookstone to get the newer products.
so far im really impressed with this campaign. they have good feedback and seem like they care about their backers, which is very import for ks. keep up the excellent work!
@ian - that would be telling! you'll just have to stay tuned.
@creator thats good to hear! i look forward to future business with the company. thanks for the quick replies. i hope everything runs smoothly
what future products or markets does wobble works plan on entering?
@hfb - it's 5v 1.2a output. @alvin - i see you have the nozzle set and doodlestand already, to add the jetpack or pedal you simply need to change pledge level. for extras we're seeing what we can do post campaign, but we won't have add-ons to pledge levels on kickstarter as it gets too complicated to process effectively. @nick - all our pla plastic is corn based. and we have a keen eye on becoming more and more eco-friendly with our plastics, including exploring completely new materials.
cancel my question. i've found the answer in faq
@ creators i'm also would like to get some extra... pledged for 195+99 (plus s&h). is that ok for powerdoodler + 3doodler 2.0???
@creator i think a metallic green would look good. i think the grey looks good too. are there any plant based filaments? how eco-friendly is the company? thanks!
can you provide the accessories, i.e. nozzle set, pedal, jet pack, as separate pledge items? i've already pledged, but i'd like to get some extra accessories. thanks.
what is the voltage/amperage/capacity specification of the jet pack? is it center pin positive? from previous comments, it looks like it's 1.2a, so i assume it's also 5v if it's a 6w device. thanks!
@nick - at first it will just be in the charcoal grey you see here (and in the gold color for the bling bling backers). we are exploring further colors down the line. which color would you want to see it in?
@creator  this device looks awesome! cant wait. i have a question. will the v2 come in different colors?
@iris - the pedal on the site is the same and works with v.1 and v.2. the nozzle set is different, but in due course the new one will be available on the site.
with this many accessories available, the number of permutations are large, and you're unlikely to be able to make everyone happy.  so - 1) please confirm that the pedal available on the website is the same one.  it seems to be compatible with 2.0 since there are other accessories that say they are not, but this one does not say that. 2) will the new nozzle set be available on your website?
hi, i'm also at 50$ level, and i would like to have the nozzle set....
hi. i'm at the $50 level. is there any way for me to get the stand, power pack, or nozzle set? can i add an appropriate amount to my pledge? kickstarter allows for that. it just doesn't allow you to do it more than once for these types of projects.
do backers have the ability to add items a la carte' to their pledge? (like just an additional pen only, or just the set of tips only?)   or is stepping out of early bird to a larger reward the only option?
@andrew, of course you can reuse the melted plastic. just not in the 3doodler or a 3d printer.  the plastic would need to be collected, ground up and fed through an extruder to form new filament first.
@nicolette - jess, gadgetman and danny are right, we simply increased the number of pens available and all will be delivered on time! @bariche anthony - we will send out a survey after the kickstarter closes, and closer to shipping, asking for your details.
hello, for the delivery, do you need my address ?
is there anyway you can reuse the melted plastic? where would i get more?
@nicolette no, the only reason they wouldn't get the money was if they didn't meet their $30,000 funding goal in the allotted time. the project has far surpassed this, so you'll get your 3doodler. what you're seeing is just about limiting how many people can choose a particular pledge at a time.
@nicolette; the critical point here is is if there are enough pledges to meet the goal which is written in smaller type below the currently pledge amount.  lets just say that unless there's an act of god, your plege is pretty secure...
@denny thanks! but what happens if these extra pens are not backed? do i loose mine aswell? i thought they would only get the money if all pens are backed
@nicholette: nope, its not corrupt. the creator have power to increase the quantity of pledge, add new group, etc..
hello, i backed the $99,00 option last week. the maximum number of backers for that plan were 1000. today i checked to see the status and the now maximum number of backers for this plan in 1500.... are you corrupted?
hello i'am french. i don't speak english, sorry ! i'am backer for 130 dollars. french: -comment vont ce passer les livraisons du produit vers la france ?              -que contient le pack 130 dollars ?
maybe a battery pack using a pair of 10440 li-ion cells? the solderdoodle soldering iron uses 'somewhat larger' cells and can run for 2hours with much higher temperatures. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/249225636/solderdoodle-pro-700of-usb-rechargeable-soldering making an aftermarket pack for the 3doodler v2 is of course possible. you'll need a pair of 10440 cells and a dc-dc step-down regulator that can handle 1a or so, stuff everything in a narrow housing with the same shape as the 3doodler, but with a flange around one end that will fit snugly around the end of the 3doodler. it also needs a power connector in the right location, and a hole to thread the filament through. no problem... it'll be a bit long, and get in the way now and then... but it's a solution... you could also have it stuck to the side of the 3doodler, with just a small piece hooking up the power connector at the rear, but then it'll be more cumbersome to hold. probably better to design it in from the start. one can imagine a base, like the one for the v2, where there's holes for not only the 3doodler free! (you can use that name for a wireless version for no charge) but one for a spare battery, too.  you may need to go to 1.75mm filament, though, to save enough space to fit the battery without the unit being too bulky for children to hold. designing it with a battery pack that isn't 'hot swap' will save some space, but will result in poorer usability. (it's annoying to put something down to recharge while you're in the middle of something... a waste of time, too. maybe that's why a lt of cordless drills comes with extra batteries these days)
i would have hoped for small battery pack that would attach directly to the pen, even if it would offer just 10 minutes runtime.
@francesco - you won't be disappointed.
i just make a cup and i really feel the pain of the inconstant flow of the 1.0 ... looking forward to receive the 2.0 with better flow!
@denny - we have a control port that can be used in this way, so no need for the pedal in your case. check this out (it was used with v.1). http://hackaday.com/2013/10/20/3doodler-in-the-wild/
tech side query partially answered in the faq's
a pity to learn about the add-ons not being a possibility. will have to rely on local resellers then (shipping them from all the way over there is a bummer). one other query: cant quickly find this detail. what are the dimensions of each strand of plastic, diameter, shape and length, and texture. ? from technical side: how high is the particular die swell, warpage, shrinkage of the thus extruded filament. ?
hello, can pedal function hackable? to be able to use in cnc machine as spindle subtitute and turn cnc into 3d printer with the right gcode :)
thank you.
@lh - the opening shots of the main video (where we draw a cube with the new pen) are in realtime. please also check out artist louis derosa using the pen here: https://www.facebook.com/video.php…
can you post a video that shows the real speed of the pen- without speeding up the video.
@konstantin - yes it does! @navreet - we're including a pack of flexy strands with every pen. watch this space for more to come.
who bought the 10,000$ pack if you did please respond back :)
will there be stretch goals extras?...i have broadcasted to all my friends :)
for australia does it come with au power plug?
@creator   okay, thanks.
@samuel - the first backers (the early bird tier) will have their 3doodler 2.0s shipped out shortly after the campaign closes.  the estimated delivery date is still april for the rest of the backers though, although we'll work to get them out as quickly as possible!  thanks for your support!
@creator  this is the best first back that i ever could have done! also, i saw near the bottom of the page that the pens would be shipped a few weeks after the campaign was done, but the estimated delivery is april. if you wouldn't mind, would you clarify? also, thank you so much for making this. can't wait to get it.
@jess - straightening did not help much as it can actually cause more kinks in the plastic and the curve is hard to entirely eradicate. if you straighten with heat it can also distort the plastic. @eileen - yes! that's the plan. lots of flexy! @lh - it all depends where we ship from and what the applicable rates and method are - we have super rates to thailand via registered post, while for the us we use dhl, which costs a tad more but is necessary.
hi creator, how come the shipping cost to us is ( 20 dollars) higher than the cost to ship to thailand ( 15 usd) ?
i pledged for the 3doodler family pack which includes 4 3doodler pens.  will i receive a pack of flexy for each pen?
other projects offer addons by increasing the pledge after selecting the original pledge. can you please think about something similar for early bird pledges? i don't want to change my pledge to another level, because i don't want the stand/jetpack/whatever, only the nozzle set. i see the nozzle set for the original doodler are $20, so i expect the nozzle set for v2.0 to be in a similar range. paying $15 for shipping post campaign isn't really an option, so we'll probably end up buying them from "aftermarket" sources. same for additional strand packs...
@creator - sorry to hear you're unable to offer addons to eb backers.  making an additional retail order post campaign doesn't appeal much, as i will get slugged twice for international postage.
thanks for your response, and pm sent! one question i'd like to post here in case others are interested in the answer. when you tested cut filaments with the 3doodlers, did you find that using a heat straightening method like the one that sabine posted (thanks sabine!) also put too much strain on the motor? or has this not been tested?
hi ! pledge done... ! yes !!! now i look forward to receive and give them to my 2 grandchildren !!! (o_-) have a nice weekend ! all the best. marie christine (from france)
@daryl - plastic packs are usd10, and shipping varies depending on your purchase size.  you can also get them locally in the uk at maplin. @wouter - the plug included on the jetpack will fit the 3doodler 2.0, which means it won't be able to fit most phones.  that is something that we have considered though and are looking into the options for. @max - we already have glow in the dark filament available in both pla and abs!  you can see our full lineup of filament, as billy said, at www.the3doodler.com @tim and shelby - we don't have the ability to include add-ons at this time, but the accessories will all be available at retail after the kickstarter, so you are welcome to get them then!  the pedal, as a v1 accessory, is already available at www.the3doodler.com @hfb - thanks for letting us know, we'll check into that shortly! @jess and dennis - we had originally hoped with the first version that cut strands would work, but we found that they caused too much strain on the motor, in addition to sometimes being made of more than just the plastic they claimed to be, all of which caused the pens lifespan to dramatically decrease.  sadly, we cannot offer a warranty on the 3doodler 2.0 if it is used for cut filament. @jess - send us a private message with what you're looking for - we're interested in what you're interested in! @all - thank you for your continued support!
hi! i pledged early. is there any way to add everything (most importantly the pedal) without losing the early bird? thanks!
3doodler, looks like you mislabeled the accessories on your site for what is and is not compatible with 2.0. you have the foot pedal as not compatible but the nozzles have nothing under it. from what i have gathered in comments, it looks like it's the other way around.
is there plans to include any accessory with similar functionality as the first generation doodlestand? like for drawing straight lines. also, same question as jess's, can we use cut spool? btw i took it as buying on ebay/amazon when i backed the project. :d
if anyone was wondering about the filiments (as in varieties of colors), since they have created the 3doodler they have a website already selling them: www.the3doodler.com
@jess: you may want to consider this method to straighten the filament of a spool: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'm excited to be part of the project this time around! have a couple questions, though. i notice that in the faq for this project, you recommend not using spools, but the project for 3doodler 1.0 said it was fine as long as you cut pieces before inserting them. i was curious if the slimmer and smaller design has anything to do with this change, or is it for a different reason? also, if you don't recommend spools, are there any other sources you do recommend for filament when your selection doesn't quite have everything i'm looking for?
please consider offering the accessories as add-ons for the early-bird tiers.
okay, i would really like to see other filaments with other characteristics. for example "glow in the dark". i know it is possible, and it would be so awesome if you could spend more time on possible cool filaments... one day "mobile" extruders will support anything. gosh, you are awesome, i hope you will rule the global market in the future, too. :)  greetings from berlin
hi creator!  could the "jetpack"  battery double as a power bank and be used to charge phones or power other usb devices?
hey fantastic product just one question how much are the packs of plastic after kickstarter including shipping to uk :)
oh, that video of the flexible plastic made my eyes pop out of my head!  so glad you guys have developed the 2.0 and i can't wait to start using it!
@nicholas - the three pin control port that you are referring to will still be available in version 2.0.  this allows the pedal we offer to work with both versions, but will also allow your own external controller, as you mention.
the current doodler has an external interface that allows the doodler to be controlled with another controller such as an arduino. will this be maintained in the new version or even possibly improved??
great news! we are a finalist for the engadget best of ces award. please help us win this for 3doodler 2.0 by clicking and voting here! thanks in advance. http://www.engadget.com/best-of-ces-awards-2015/peoples-choice/
the problem of recycling plastics at home is with the quality of the filament you would get with cheap machines. a service to recycle at large scale would be better than individuals doing it. i fear it would lead to frustration and less recycling.
a couple exist but nothing really caught on. too big, or too costly or just never worked out
guys, i'm almost certain something like this exists for using waste extruder plastic, though it was made into spools.
@sarah - you're very welcome!  the support has been incredible, and we wanted to thank you all!  we'd also love to see something like you describe in the future, so that we could be even more sustainable than we currently are, with the ability to recycle or compost the scrap plastic from 3doodling.
really looking forward to this, adding the flexy plastic to everyone who's already backed bought my loyalty for life:) it would be cool if you could use plastics from home, have a home recycler that you put coke bottles in and it gave you strands usable in the pen:)
@anders @gadgetman indeed, we'll have to test it out once it's available!
that's the pla i've been hinting about, too.  if the numbers are correct, it should be orders of magnitude better than previous types.
@creator yes, but i was thinking of this new conductive pla https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1375236253/electrically-conductive-pla-3d-printer-filament/description
well done guys..you are the first i have ever back on kickstarter!
@richard - you'll just have to watch this space :) stay tuned and please spread the word!
great to hear that there is a flexible filament and it will be included. can't wait to try it out.  does this mean there may be more similar goodies in a sort of stretch goal fashion?
@cl loh, the 3doodler is not a toy for children, it is for 14+. if you're worried about smell, we suggest pla, it is corn-based and smells sugary when doodling @wouter, 3doodler 2.0 does still have the 3-pin control port @anders, we tested conductive plastics but weren't impressed, we prefer coating our pla with conducitve paint (we really like bare)
@cl from my experience with the 1.0 .... you get burned! so it depends on the age of the kids. my kids (3,6) do not use it but love to ask em to do something and look at how i do it. but they are also used to 3dprinting already. for older kids (12>), i had a couple here playing with the 1.0, they loved it and also very quickly understood not to touch the tip.
it would be super nice if that conductive pla could work with 3doodler 2.0.
hi creator! i have an old "2.5d" cnc engraver at home that i would like convert to a 3d printer. the original had 3 accessible pins that could be hooked  up to e.g. an arduino to allow external control.  since there is now a pedal accessory i assume with the right kind of connector it will be even easier to connect to the 3doodler 2.0?
if you stick with pla the smell should be minimal.
hello cl i think it is 14+ age rating for the 3doodler and it does emit fumes as well but i am sure that @creator can give a more in-depth answer.
hi it's my kids that saw your project and they were very excited.  however i would like to ask about the concerns as it uses a heating mechanism to melt the filaments.  would that pose a danger to one if they are not careful? the other issue i am concerned about is would they be a smell emitted as the filament is burnt. thanks.
@marie, james + nicolas - one point we forgot to mention, but which we have seen over and over again is the damage a curved strand can do to the motor/drive system. the strain it places on it is generally too much for such small parts to handle (unlike a traditional 3d printer which due to their larger size have larger motors/parts).
@marie, james, and nicolas - one of the biggest problems is that of quality.  we know that the filament we sell is of high quality and works very well with the 3doodler 2.0 (and original 3doodler), as it has been thoroughly tested and is held to very high standards, but we cannot guarantee the quality of other filament suppliers, who may have an impure plastic that could cause a variety of unforeseen issues.  while, theoretically, straightening small pieces off a spool should work, we cannot offer a warranty on 3doodler 2.0s that are used with non-approved plastics. @greg/boardseat llc - thanks for your support!
@marie-andree +1for your question or maybe straightened ones from a spool?
i don't use this kind of tech, but this is cool stuff.  i'll share with my circle.  greg
i'm with marie - i don't see why cutting lengths of 3mm strands would cause a problem. i really don't like proprietary solutions that require special filament purchases.
"@marie-andree - as per v.1 that's a no-no. there is more detail in the faqs, but in short, the 3doodler should only be used with 3mm doodlestrands. using spools is not recommended, as it puts stress on some of the (very small) internal components of the pen." fair enough, but what if i cut some stripes of the same lenght as the ones you provide from the spool?
@beth - that shipping charge is correct for your pledge level. @gadgetman! - that does sound interesting, we'll have to check it out!  you are correct though, in that you shouldn't use a spool with the 3doodler 2.0.
hi wobbleworks, can you confirm shipping to seattle should cost $20, that was the amount added to my pledge and it seemed a bit high.  thank you!
probably shouldn't mention it here, but... there's an electrically conductive flament also going through ks right now. (this one is so conductive that it can actually be used... ) it's coiled up, though, but pla can easily be heated in an oven and straightened... i imagine that with a button cell and some smt leds you can make some pretty striking decorations...
@max - we're looking into post ks options for add-ons. as mentioned below you can't do add-ons within the kickstarter platform and it does pose some logistical issues. we do not know the retail prices yet as we have been keeping everything under wraps until launch.
sorry if this question was already asked... but can i add to my $85(+$15)-perk a doodlestand & nozzle set without taking the $130 perk? should be then $114 right? if not, am i able to buy those two extras additionally on your site after the campaign? what would it cost then?  thanks in advance guys, i really appreciate this and want to support you. kind regards.
think about how good a micro usb cable would stay in place, when you wave it in the air all the time. so the only usb type possible would be usb-b (that huge one for printers etc.) and that is too big for a small device. a separately sold usb to barrel connector cable might be an idea for the future.
polyes q1 uses  liquid resin that is hardened with ultraviolet light or blue laser.
hello everyone ^_^ i'm new to 3d art but i like it ... i really don't understand most of it but  reading all over ... anyways what's the difference between  polyes q1 and 3doodler 2.0 !
@david - thanks for backing us again! in short none of those issues should be anywhere near as acute as they were or existent at all. why? 1. the drive system has been moved to close to the tip of the pen, not the middle. this means less wasted area between drive and tip. 2. the button you can see on the underside also operates as a release catch, allowing you to remove all but 1/2-3/4 of an inch of plastic. not much at all. 3. the power reduction on the pen related to the power used to heat the heater mass. the drive actually consumes more power than before, but the pen overall consumes less, so not an issue. @matthew - thanks! @pclabtech - the pedal is, the nozzles, stand and jetpack are for 2.0 only. @jason - either via our site or any one of our many retail partners, like brookstone, michaels, or thinkgeek. they tend to be around us$9.99/pack. @polppol - theoretically yes but we have not yet tested this scenario and would want to do so before we give an unreserved thumbs up to that!
@creator as you say that adapter will be 5v 1.2a while most standard usb port from pc/laptop only provide 5v 0.5a  so, if we use usb charger that can provided power upto 5v 2a (like ipad charger/ss galaxy note) with custom cable (usb to small dc connector) so will it work with high temp setting?
where can i purchase more of the color strands and how much would they cost?
i don't know if this was asked already: are the "accessories" (foot pedal, nozzles) interchangeable with the 1.0 pen?
i am ssssoooo excited about this new pen and i woke up at 6 this morning to count down the seconds. super good idea, very well thought out.
huge fan, i'm backing you up again, but i noticed that whenever i reversed the abs plastic to switch colors, one of several things occur... 1)  assuming it reversed smoothly, i always had to cut 1/2 an inch of plastic to reuse the stick, which always felt like such a waste (it was either that or place a stick behind it and let the pen run until the color changed), especially since i haven't bought any new plastic yet.   if i pulled on the stick too quickly, some plastic would stay inside, leading a long thin trail up to my stick, which worried me that the next time i'd use it either it wouldn't work or there'd still be plastic inside (which then i'd have to let the pen run again). 2)  once around 2/3 (or 3/4) of the stick was used up, i could no longer remove the plastic.  i assume there will still be a length of plastic where it's not possible to remove it.  is that what the 1 inch length is referred to? 3) once the plastic reached that 1/3 or 1/4 length, where it was no longer able to reverse, it was also no longer able to extrude that amount either most of the time.  i normally had to place a stick behind it and push it out a little to help the rest of the plastic come out.  since you said that the power usage has been dramatically lowered, i'm a little afraid that the power of your redesigned drive will also have less power to push out the last bits of plastic in the pen.  did your redesign consider this as well as better controllability of the flow speed? were you able to tackle any of these issues, and how?  also, i'm wondering if anyone else had these issues? thanks again, here's a couple of things i made: https://imgur.com/a/xytqf https://imgur.com/a/mvsjl
@deschaud - because of the enhanced cooling and better flow it does harden a lot faster and we have way more control in the air than we ever had before @thomas - you'll notice that many of the shipping rates are bank on the dollar (i.e. not rounded up or down) and in many cases we have actually swallowed a good portion of the shipping cost ourselves. rest assured we are doing all we can with our partners to ensure you get your pens on time, at reasonable cost, and safely! we have also included several faqs on shipping so that there are no surprises. @steff - the cable is not proprietary, but the barrel is one of the smaller standard fits out there. that helped us get the size down further. we have found a great supplier with great quality cables, and if it does get lost a replacement won't be hard to find (at home or in a store).
@ashley - it's not a proprietary connector. the barrel that is used in the power adaptor is market standard. micro usb would imply that this could be powered solely by usb. while it can be on low temp mode, for higher temps that is not possible.
@ashley - i'd love to see a micro usb as well, but i know i was able to pick up a replacement power cord at my electronics supplier for the first one, so i don't think they are going with a proprietary power supply necessarily, just not a super-common one (although that's probably good since i have micro-usb cables that range from .3a to 10a for different things all lying around my living room, so... maybe i'm kind of glad they went with a different power cord).  i guess they could be using a proprietary cable on this one, but i'm guessing it's just a different one (like ones used for wireless routers, or speakers, or other small electronics).
why didn't you fit this with a micro usb connection instead of a proprietary connector, since it draws the right power from the usb charging specifications?
i hope we can do better with international shipping than with the first generation 3doodler - an additional $15 to ship to the uk, and then an additional additional totally unexpected £21.47 for customs clearance! it would have been a good idea to warn people of that.
i suppose that won't be possible with the 2.0 but what i'll love to see is a real capacity to sculpt in the air. what i mean by that is to have a plastic that will perfectly follow my hand and hold the shape. for that, the plastic should instantly become hard, that's not the case with the 1.0 and it's seems not possible too with the 2.0.
@remian - zero. we are in pre-production phase now and all specs are locked. the pen works like a dream.
back once again!  do you know how many more prototypes you still have to go through before your final version is ready for production?  thank you
@nial - you're gonna love this one so much! @shane - welcome back! and well observed! @richard - afraid not righ now, but we'll see what we can do post campaign
i feel like you guys are going to be saying "no add-ons outside of the pledge" quite a bit! happy to be an early bird backer for both 1.0 and 2.0!
here we go again!!! (hopefully minus the teething trouble of 1.0)
is it possible to make the nozzle set an add-on for the first day backers?
@et - please can you email cs@the3doodler.com. our customer service folks should be able to tell you whether it's been sent out or not. thanks!
dang it! i just ordered the old nozzle set like a few weeks ago! it's still not here yet. money wasted. will you take it back?
@doug - 2.0 does fix this. the feed is silky smooth. the whole drive was redeveloped from scratch to remedy this issue. @all - we have updated all faqs. there are now over 50 faqs addressing areas such as how the accessories work, shipping, tech specs, plastic use, and much more!
i had two 3doodler 1.0s (from the original kickstarter). one issue i had with multiple 3doodlers was the very inconsistent speed the plastic would come out at (slow, fast, super slow, ludicrous speed) which made it hard to do anything with even a little precision. does 2.0 fix this?
am a day one backer and would like to add a jetpack. would it be possible?
yeah! clap clap clap and oops i commented on the updates page instead of here. but guess my qn has been answered lol!
@all - we're going to be posting footage of some first time uses of the 3doodler 2.0 shortly. facebook.com/3doodler @franceso - check out the flow in the vids. @erin - awesome! thanks for backing us.
@larry - if you want to back at multiple levels, you will need additional kickstarter accounts.  i've done this with other projects without any issues.  just keep in mind that they are treated completely separately - no combined shipping, double the surveys, etc.
i can't wait to get mine! i am so excited!
yes! a good flow will really help.
another vote for using backer kit and letting those of us that backed the first day low cost options a way to add the nozzle kit. and maybe extra plastic too.
dear @polppol, the wobblework gave me the gear as it was during the first year of usage... but you can find this gears at the web.... mostly from china.... it is very easy to disassemble the first 3doodler, i did it many times as sometime the filament stuck inside....
hi larry - unfortunately kickstarter only allows backing of one pledge level at a time. the accessories will be available separately in due course, but we don't know exact timing or pricing yet.
i am currently a day 1 backer. is it possible to back at more than 1 pledge level? if not will nozzle kit and stand be available as add-on or stretch goal?
@francesco - yes, it's silky smooth now, no gaps, no skips. the drive is a complete rework which took care of this. @polppol - it is standard. it's 5v 1.2a.
so you say it's not 12v adaptor like old one, is new adaptor is a standard adaptor? if it broken can i find it in local electronic store?
did you guys do anything about constant flow? the only thing that drove me crazy so far of the 1.0 is that the flow is not constant.
@escape studios - in our survey we'll ask what country you are in and shop a power adaptor to fit that!
too late for the first 50 early birds :-( i already missed the 3doodler 1.0 and i can't miss it again...so i'm finally a backer for the 2.0! congratulations for this brilliant idea! just some questions: is it the power cable included with the "day 1 community special" pledge? what type of plug is it (us, eu)? thanks for your work!
@marie-andree - as per v.1 that's a no-no. there is more detail in the faqs, but in short, the 3doodler should only be used with 3mm doodlestrands. using spools is not recommended, as it puts stress on some of the (very small) internal components of the pen. @polppol - you'll need to use the new adaptor, as the power is lower, and the barrel on the socket is smaller, so the old one won't fit. @yudi - yes! we have completely redesigned the drive system for better and more resilient performance. we love the work you are producing!!
@yudi same problum as me! where did you buy those gear?
after hundreds hours of using the 3doodler i can say that it excellent !, but the gear which pull the filament was broken for me twice and i have to change it, so did you improve it at the new 3doodler ? and of course i'm using the 3doodler as written in the "book"...
can i use v1 adaptor for this one? (12v 2a)
can we use 3.0mm filament from a spool with it?
@francesco - it is exactly the same plastic.
can you confirm the plastic is the same as the doodle 1.0?
using backerkit would be nice. near endless possibilities with add-ons, and additionnal units.
@anders - it's one of many options we'll explore for you!
@marie-andree - great to see you back again! unfortunately add-ons aren't workable on here. it's something we'll definitely look into post-campaign.
yes, maybe using backerkit after campaign is over?
being able to get the accessories as add-ons would be real nice wobbleworks. i only need the nozzle sets, and don't want to go from $50 pledge to $130 only to get it! please, can you reconsider this?
@evaristo - check out the new superdoodler pledge levels.
hi stefan - it's a part of the bundle with the doodlestand, but we don't have it as a separate add on or bundle at this time.
my wife will not like it .... she just gave me the 1.0 for xmas and i am now pledging for 2.0! i guess i can use the same plastic strands, right?
is it possible to only get the nozzle set as add-on?
i really want to add on the battery pack, but i don't want the foot pedal, can you please make a level for 2x of the pen, strands, nozzle set, and battery pack?
@turk 182 - stay tuned. @hfb - i'm afraid not. we don't pack or send the goods from our office. the logistics of doing this would be unwieldily.
any chance we can pick up from you locally?
now that we've gone over add-ons.  how about stretch goals ;)
@pat - we certainly didn't expect it to, but this is off to a wild start. let's get the word out. it's such an awesome redesign, we really want to see it in as many hands as possible.
@a. joseph - afraid not. as mentioned below the early bird is pen only. we have created other pledge levels to cover off those accessories. all still awesome value. the accessories will be available independently in due course, but we don't know pricing yet. @turk 182 - thanks. we'll take a look. the issue with adding funds is that it can get complicated. if we can make changes without jeapordizing timing we'll do so. otherwise we'll try to ensure you can get the accessories later on.
$1,000 / minute. can't wait to see if this blows past the $2.3m mark of the version 1.0 :)
:) http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/113/201/shutupandtakemymoney.jpg
an fyi for this or future projects.  here is cmon's most recent project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coolminiornot/rum-and-bones they have a whole range of optional buys you can add-on.  it is up to the back to add additional funds to their pledge, but it is all managed with backerkit after the project has funded (usually several months after).
can we add extra $ if we would like to add the jet pack or another accessory if we are an eb that doesn't have it?
@pat - that's brilliant. thank you! and well thought through. i suspect family members all over the world will be stealing each other's pens! @turk182 - it's something we can explore for when the campaign ends - that's when those kind of platforms tend to kick in.
it may be worth contacting some of the big board game people on kickstarter for info on handling add-ons.  this is a very common practice, but you are correct that kickstarter itself does not handle this.  they all use a pledge manager such as backerkit. i just using backerkit to confirm my pledge for a cmon (cool mini or not) project and added additional items post-kickstarter then checked out using paypal.  i would love to see this available on this project.
actually, i had to go back and change my pledge. it's just not going to work out. she will steal my 2.0, so i went with the $260 level and got us both new ones, nozzles, plastic, stands :)  i'm sure her sister will like her "new" 1.0 !!!
@pat - thanks! we had not expected them to move so fast. we have upped the number of day 1 pens available. we plan to ensure there are enough pens so that everyone on day 1 can indeed back on day 1!
your day one will be sold out shortly. i saw 300 go by the last hour..... my wife likes her version 1.0 so, this one i'm keeping for myself !!
@hfb - it's 3mm, in dead straight rods. you should check out some of our faqs that deal with plastic too.
hi alexander - not yet. retailer partners had not even seen the new pen or accessories yet, as we were keeping them very much under wraps. the current backing levels assume it will be close to the price of the v.1 nozzle set, although it's way better as it also includes a smoothing tool.
what's the diameter of the plastic you're using? i can't remember if it's 3mm or 1.5mm. just curious as i still have a lot of 3mm plastic from my 3d printer that i could also use.
ok, do you have a retail price of the nozzle set?
a few people have been asking via private messages, and yes, this is the world's smallest 3d printing pen as far as we're aware. it's a real pleasure to hold it and use it!
hi alexander - i'm afraid not. we've specifically created a range of backing levels to help with this. in our experience allowing the addition of funds here and there can really complicate things and lead to a world of pain and mishaps; and we want to ensure you get exactly what you backed on schedule.
as some have asked, can't we add more $ to the pledge to get the nozzles? many projects handle add-ons like this.
@alice - thanks for the heads up! we'll see how we can make it clearer.
@wobbleworks it's not a problem ^^ it's just that it didn't say anywhere that there was an extra shipping cost so i was a bit confused.
@alice - yep, it's $15, which is less than gbp10 to deliver to the uk. @fe - the pedal yes, the nozzle set, afraid not. we completely redesigned the way the nozzles work so this had to change. this means the ones on our e-store are not compatible. we're updating the main site with a note on that now. @carrie - two years later we've created a pen which should be free of any of these teething issues. 2.0 uses exactly the same plastic!
@iris - the ks platform is not built for add-ons, so we have added what we think are the most popular combinations (based on user feedback over the past year). @turk - same answer i am afraid. the system just doesn't allow for this.
i love my original 3doodler, but it hasn't been working right for months (plastic won't reverse anymore) and i'd been wanting to buy another one... i'm so glad i waited!  version 2.0 uses the same size plastic right?  i'm really looking forward to playing with it, thank you! :)
will the pedal and the nozzles be compatible with the original 3doodler? can the pedal and the nozzles which you offer on http://the3doodler.com/ used with the new pen?
@wobbleworks in the uk
will there be an add on menu so we could add just the stand or just the nozzles to an eb pledge?
accessory add-ons, please?
@alice - where are you based? we do ship anywhere, but that is subject to there being a shipping cost (which in this case we have subsidised and taken on some of the cost of ourselves).
@fe - the upper pledge levels have accessories, but the early bird was pen only. @jeremy - faqs coming now! we have to input them after launch not before due to the page setup. @usman - it will be registered and tracked and we'll have an faq up soon. the pen weights almost 1kg with the box and plastics, so postage to the uae is not cheap.
quick question. despite it saying that the $85 level includes shipping anywhere, it's automatically forcing an extra $15 onto my pledge for shipping. am i missing something?
what carrier will you be using for united arab emirates? the thing is if i am paying $30 for the shipping, i am expecting dhl atleast.
hi, fantastic ! i'm one of your most heavier user of the 3doodler, i have 3 tools, and i'm really excited to have your new version 2.0 ! some of my dooling art work: http://www.ymarton.com/bigpic.asp… http://www.ymarton.com/bigpic.asp… http://www.ymarton.com/bigpic.asp…
the bottom of the project page says there is a faq, with info on what plastic is included (among other details)... but i don't see the faq yet, will that info be available soon? also, the new pen looks super awesome...and while i don't know what i will do with my 1st-gen 3doodler yet, this new one looks too good to pass up!
only 50 early bird special? that's cruel. will there be a way to add accessories (nozzles, pedal)?
@tet - if we look at the wattage we've gone from 24 watts down to 6 watts... that's 1/4!
@usman, we'll be using a combination of carriers. for the usa we use dhl. but we are always looking out for better rates and faster delivery! @faberdashery - thank you! @tet - it's also 1.2amps, which is just over half the previous amperage.
it's 2015 and now a jetpack powered 3doodler!!! heck yes! we use several of the original pens in the studio. they're great for reworking 3d prints, fixing things and sketching out 3d concepts. the new pen looks really compact and powerful. super excited !! :)
whoops clicked too fast. anyway i meant to say, you probably meant under half the wattage of the original 3doodler
how are you going to ship internationally (i.e. which carrier) ?
btw, there appears to be an error in your description. it says: "drastically reduced power consumption, under half the voltage of the original 3doodler" well it doesn't really matter that much what the voltage is. okay, this does affect numerous things including safety, but it doesn't matter if it's 4v, it can still use more power by drawing more amps.
hmm interesting idea having another kickstarter
boom! so psyched to back you guys again!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
