hello!  i saw this q&a on the updates awhile ago, so i increased my pledge to $85 so i could get a copy of the book ($35 pledge) and the broadside ($50 pledge).  i received the broadside, but not the book.  was one going to be sent? thank you, sandra karolus q: i’d like to receive two or more rewards, but kickstarter only allows me to pledge at one level. can i do this? a: yes! you can receive multiple rewards from multiple levels by adding an additional donation onto your pledge. for example, if you’ve pledged at $100 and you want to add the $50 level rewards as a gift, log in and manually increase your pledge by $50.
i've not received my book either...
hello, i haven't received my book yet (i live in the us) and i was just wondering if you are still shipping them out?  should i have received it already?  i don't mind waiting, but i would like to be sure it didn't get lost.  thank you very much!
hello, copper canyon press! congratulations on launching your next kickstarter - i'm very excited about the new poets project. however, i still have not received my copy of the book! (not even an empty mailer like some others have been getting.) i know this was an exercise in mass mailing, and so have been trying to be patient, but i am in the continental us (dc), and so am beginning to worry that maybe i have been too patient. is there any way to check on my package to see if it's still in transit or waylaid somewhere? let me know who i should contact. thanks! rachel
hello, i finally recieved what i thought was my backer book and iwas so excited, only to open the media mail envelope and find that it is empty! i took pictures of the empty envelope and can send them to you--please email me at tarasheaburke@gmail.com to remedy this matter. i'm so upset because i've been checking the mail for a month waiting for this lovely book!
arrived! a truly beautiful book. i am stunned. #switzerland
hi cooper canyon press team, i received the bonus gift for my $75 pledge on may 10, but not the book yet. have these items be sent separately? i live in new zealand, so i expected a delay on delivery, but i thought now is the time you might double check from your end where the book, i'm eagerly waiting for, may be. thank you! bernd
i received an empty package as well but it arrived in perfect condition and was still sealed. i suggest that someone being paid to stuff the mailers simply ran out of books, sealed and mailed them anyway for some unknown reason. perhaps you need to find a different company to handle you mailings or provide them with better instructions. it cost you $3.09 to send an empty mailer to me and it didn't make me happy.
hello dear backers! we are dismayed to hear that some of you are receiving empty packages, but do not worry. if that has happened to you, we are happy to send a replacement. please send an email to gifts@coppercanyonpress.org and let us know, and a new copy will be on its way to you. thank you for your support!
hello, i had the exact same thing as amy nicholson happen to me. who can i contact about this? thank you!
hi, i got a package in the mail today but it had been sliced open and there was nothing in the envelope. i guess a postal worker really wanted a copy of the book. i took photos of the envelope.. the first envelope that came was damaged (bent) and this one ( which i guess was the actual book) arrived empty. help!
i just received the book! it looks great! can't wait to read it this weekend! thank you for your hard work bringing this to life. you guys did a great job!
beauty-filled book ! thank you !
is there any tracking number?
i supported this project and now i see the same book for sale at $12 less. i'm disappointed with copper canyon press.
i've received the book. it's beautiful - beautiful poems made into beautiful book. reading through it i can feel all the seasons inside me; hot summer, cold winter. excellent work and thank you.
hi, i got a letter about taxes two weeks ago, but i have not received my book yet =/ is there tracking info? best regards, dante
hello dear community of backers! since we're getting a few questions, just a note to say: the pub date on "then come back: the lost neruda" is next week! may 3rd. those who backed at one of the "advance copy" levels should all have a book in hand, and all others expecting a book should have one shortly following pub day--your books are going out next week. thank you thank you thank you for being not just readers, but donors who made this book possible. it's true that a few lucky bookstores have the book in stock already (this has to do with the logistics of working with a national distributor), and we hope you pass by those displays with the sweet knowledge that you helped make it all happen. thank you again!
i have to say that it was disappointing to walk into elliott bay bookstore in seattle and find copies of the book sitting, out for sale, when my copy hasn't yet arrived. i had to explain to my wife—for whom the book is a gift—that she would have to wait. why did this happen? why can people walk in off the street and buy their copies before i have mine, and for $12 less than i paid?
advance copies??  i backed at the $35 level.  should i be getting mine in this batch of shipments?  i have not received yet
beautiful just as promised!!!
when and where can we buy additional coppies?
advance copies have shipped! backer update coming soon.
hi copper canyon press, is there any update on when the advance copies will be mailed out? thanks!
just received the broadside, here in singapore - a beautiful coda, full of summery allusions, to a rainy afternoon!
i received the first poem – great! one remark though: i had hoped to be able to frame this broadside, but it's full with references to copper canyon press, the translator, etc. it's good marketing for a bookstore, but it is not what i hoped it to be. if i can make a suggestion for future projects: these special broadsides are great, if they can be turned into something personal by the receiver. more specific: let the poem speak, and let all other things be quiet.
just received the broadside as well. thank you very much!
just received the broadside here (nl) as well. really nice! thank you.
hello kickstarter community.we agree that is time for an update! we are working on one right now. it should be posted within the next couple of days. (maybe even later today if all goes well.) thank you so much for your enthusiasm and support.
even though you may be on schedule, it would be nice to have an update since the last formal one was in december
wait continuous . request the publisher to share few poems to the backers.. at least one per month :)
i can't wait for my copy to arrive! how will i know when it's been shipped? will you send an email informing me? what's the eta for asian countries? :)
just received my broadside. it's lovely!!!
when it comes time, will i be able to add additional copies to my order?
hi there kickstarter community! we've had a few questions this week about whether it's still possible to make or increase a pledge to the lost poems of pablo neruda project. while our kickstarter campaign has closed, it's entirely possible to support the project. visit lostnerudapoems.org and follow the donation link or email gifts@coppercanyonpress.org for more information. thank you!
is there any way on the survey to upgrade my pledge from the $75 level to the $100 advance copy! plus your name printed in the first edition? i see that there are still 12 of the 250 available.
just wanted to say thank you... made even more poignant by the recent news he may have been murdered. i hope somewhere he knows this happened and that 1443 people and you guys cared greatly.
i love the idea of a public celebration of this, something like a "lost" (not the tv show) party that features neruda's poems being read, something for school kids, and a showing of el posteno (spelling?)>
congratulations! i am very excited and proud to be a part of this project.
great accomplishment by copper canyon press, but i'm not at all surprised because the staff has been doing this kind of work for many years now.  i'm proud to be able to contribute.
is there a way to get neruda's first book in addition to my current pledge that gets me his last?  i didn't see that option in the rewards options. thanks.
hi, are you able to combine shipping for multiple books? i've ordered 1 book to be shipped to singapore, and want to know if i can just up my pledge by $35 for another book to give as a gift? or do i need to up my pledge by more to cover shipping?
could you give me more details on the difference between the print edition broadside and the letter-press broadside in the $75 and $100 pledges?
i think the creators should have allowed for more to be purchase\d between $35 "the book" and the $100 entry. the lack of options drives the pledges down, not up.
hello! many of you have inquired how to add a gift to your existing pledge. here's how: 1) log into your kickstarter account.  2) click on your pledge by locating the blue button that says "manage."  3) change your pledge amount, adding the dollar amount of the additional reward(s) to your existing pledge.  4) when the campaign closes, copper canyon press will send you a survey to glean details about which rewards you intend to receive, which are intended as gifts, whose name should appear in the book, shipping address, and more.  5) when the campaign closes, we will also send you a link to a printable gift certificate for your loved one. we hope this helps! keep the questions coming if we can help you further. cheers and thank you, copper canyon press
for those pledging the name printed in the first release. when will we specify the name?
how should i adjust my pledge if i would like more than one copy.   this will make a wonderful gift.
there is a part of me that is far too excited about this. how many poems are we talking about here? some of his poems are long enough to actually be a book. i have shared this with everyone i know, because everyone i know is familiar with my love for all things touched by, and about pablo neruda.
@creator hi.  very excited about this project. one of my favorite poets. just increased my pledge to $200. how do i know if i was one of the first 5? thanks!!
thank you, i really can't wait for this..
