i still haven't seen my dog bag yet!  has it been shipped out??
hi bob and girls, thanks so much for the fab wise walker! just love it and gave it to one of my daughters. small problem though. i purchased an extra one for my other daughter, as part of my funding but the package only had one wise walker in it. thanks ps i tried to email you directly a couple of weeks ago but got no response. paula
that's awesome to hear, matt!  thanks for the support!  it has been fun seeing all the cities, states and even countries that participated.
received in san francisco bay area.  awesome!
oh no on the small fire in their garage/workshop. :(
hello--just wondering if there has been progress...
thanks matt and bert!  i and the girls both appreciate your support!
so very excited for and proud of you guys!  what an amazing experience, and it's just beginning.  celebrate this weekend.  i can't wait to see the product when it's ready!
found out about this project on twitter and could not resist backing it. i walk my dog every night and your project did two important things for any new product, "fix a pain" and "provide a delight." well done!
thanks everyone for the warm wishes. it's been an amazing adventure.  now onward with the rest of our journey!
congratulations to the incredible wise walker team of bob, sarah, and annalise on reaching your funding goal!  now onto the next stage with a lot more fun to come in this adventure!  great job on the idea creation and marketing of the kickstarter project.
congrats on hitting your goal!! successful entrepreneurs at 11 years old. woot!!
hard work and creativity count for a lot and you just proved it! my four dogs can't wait to try out the real product!
awesome! congratulations to everyone, especially to the savvy young ladies who worked so hard to make this happen! ginger and i can't wait to get our wise walker :-)
i am so happy for you all and so can't wait for my wise walker.  with walking 3 dogs 3 miles daily, i have found myself on many occasions with more than 1 bag per dog ;-) now i'll have a convenient, stylish way to be a conscientious pooper scooper!  thank you!!
woohoo - congrats!
congrats bob and team! looking forward to sporting my wise walker when production is done. :) super inspiring job here, can't wait to have a couple of kids to do things like this with!
congratulations!  with 3 dogs we need this!  :c)
congrats! very proud father, i'm sure. great job to all of you in achieving your funding goals! now it's time to roll up your sleeves and get to work!
fantastic!! congratulations!! i'm so happy you hit your goal!
congrats on making funding! great work so far with the campaign!
good luck with your goal from the connecticut invention convention, which supports kid entrepreneurship and invention. we posted on our fb page:  https://www.facebook.com/ctinventionconvention…  hope it drives you to your goal.
dan and cindy, thanks for doubling down on our project!  that's awesome!
cambrea, really interesting niche.  ;-)
thanks, chang for the nextdoor share.  i tried to read the posts but i'm not in your neighborhood so i'm blocked.
for those climbing mountains and far away places with blue bags - this could be a life saver too!  leave no trace might be another niche for the wise walker!
thanks for the great updates and hope you reach your goal!  i also posted to my neighborhood social network on nextdoor, after reading a recent thread about people putting poop into other peoples yard waste instead of garbage. https://colman.nextdoor.com/news_feed/… https://colman.nextdoor.com/news_feed/…
upped my pledge as well!
just doubled my pledge. please support this project and back an awesome product and team!
my fingers are crossed for you guys!!!
i love that kids do something creative with their time!
this is such a great product and a wonderful way to support a new generation of entrepreneurs!  please help fund it!
hi chris, the wise walker does include a compartment to carry a roll of fresh bags.  it doesn't show up on the green/white prototype but it does appear on the pink prototype we show in the video.  thanks for making the observation.  i'm gonna add this to the faq.
i just recently lost my "poop" bag which was really a dog treat pouch.  so this will make a great replacement.  i can't tell from the pictures, but is there a slit where the roll of bags go to allow for easy access to getting a bag or do you need to removed the roll to get a new one and then put the roll back in the bag?
great idea.  good luck annalise and sarah!  i can't wait to get my wise walker.
just increased our pledge yesterday and tweeted/fb'd to our world. not only is it a great product, but the videos of the girls and their engagement with this really touched our hearts. well done, dad. nice to hear that dave figueroa, the owner of scraps is a backer. he is our pet supplies source and a great guy.
as the parent of my own 12-year old (and hoping to build some entrepreneurial aspirations), i love this project!  great work!
i'm ready for my wise walker. my dog is little and cute but poop is poop!
this is so awesome, i really hope you reach your funding goal!
way to go bob, sarah and annalise! great product idea! can't wait to receive my wise walker! :)
great progress on getting to the goal!  i know plenty of other people would love this idea, and i'll be emailing my dog-owning friends and family today to see if i can help you get to the goal.  i really need one of these wise walkers!  keep up the good work.
great idea!
totally awesome idea! change the world!
good job guys! keep up the great work. :d
i am so impressed with you guys, keep up the great work.  can't wait to see the final product!
great project and product. i posted a link on facebook - hoping to see you get fully funded!
so great to see the entrepreneurial spirit in sarah and annalise. keep up the good work!
i love that the twins are a part of the project. definitely an awesome experience!
one of the things i look out for in a kickstarter is "did the creator put time and effort into this?" and looking at this kickstarter, i think it's an obvious yes. if you see a kickstarter with potential and looks like quite some time was spent on it, i think we can expect to see a great result. let's see this get funded kickstarter!
thank you for adding the option for additional wise walkers for just $18 each! i added pledge funds for two extra ww onto the bird dog level. so now i will have one for my pup cooper, one for his best bud peanut, and one for my fur-nephew lucky!! :)
this is so awesome! i love it. can't wait to get one for my dog stella. -kina
so so smart!
awesome! a must-have for the responsible dog owner, and an inspiring story of a family's entrepreneurial spirit. wishing you every success - ginger and i can't wait to get our wise walker!
