wow. i'm seeing issue one just now for the first time. it's stellar. just awesome. i'm delighted with what you've created, and i'm proud to have participated (just a little) in its creation.
supporting this project and seeing the fruition of ryan and tina's hard work is what makes kickstarter such a great place. i love the magazine and can't wait to support the next project. bravo!
just got mine yesterday! you guys did an amazing job, and everyone at my work is jelly :p <3
hi. just got my copy today, looks great!
what an amazing final sprint! you guys killed it. killed it. stoked to get the goods.
wow! i cannot believe the speed of that last 24 hours. congrads :)
congratulations to tina and ryan and to all of us. we are all as delighted as you guys are, that tgd is successfully funded. i live in india so i am not sure how i am going to be able to subscribe to this its-obviously-going-to-be-wonderful magazine, but i am overjoyed nonetheless. and its magical how in the last two hours (while i was sleeping too) tgd made it through!  love and cheers to all.
yay! you two do such beautiful, inspiring work -- it truly lifts my spirits (and while i work in the web world, i am at heart all about print!).
i wanted to add another $6 but it replaced my $5 donation instead and i checked no reward for the second donation. i would definitely like to receive the download when it's available (jefhut@!gmail.com)... thanks and again my congratulations! jeff
congrats! can't believe the amount of support that has come through while i was sleeping in sweden. inspiring stuff, really!
$120 is possible.
woohoo!!! you made it. congratulations :-)
yes! great work. i'm ecstatic to see this come to fruition.
victory
yes......it lives with real ink on paper.
boom.
congrats!!!
barely... congratulations!!!
i just pledged an extra $6 myself! c'mon everyone!
you guys got this! just upped my pledge the extra six bucks. everyone do the same!
this is my first time backing a kickstarter project. great work tina and ryan. these interviews are an inspirational push, best when read with a morning coffee. that's how i tgd. all the best and good luck!
this is awesome. looking forward to seeing how frank handles it. great choice.
i've only backed two projects on kickstarter with this project actually being my first. you guys have inspired me on the web since the beginning of tgd. i love all that you have done, and i'm looking forward to what i know you will continue to do for the creative community. thank you for sharing the great discontent with all of us.
hello ryan and tina..... this publication deserves to live....it is going to be a collection of awesome! imagine a book....printed with ink on paper....love it. 8 more days at $5k per day and it will be!!! good luck in reaching your goal.
thank you! really excited for you both and hope you reach your goal!
uk supporters will really enjoy your cheap shipping rates to the uk. i think it's great value for money. well done and good luck!
first time backer here. congrats on making me actually become a backer on something. ;) you guys bring a lot of joy to my commutes in stockholm, sweden. i hope my money brings joy to you!
i think the shipping sounds reasonable.
@alastair: we’re still looking into better options, but we did post an update and faq explaining things better. thanks for the feedback!
hi guys, i've backed this because i think you are great! a quick thought though: adding $20 to ship out of the us is pretty massive. if it wasn't you guys i would have declined to back it with that hefty supplement. i worry you might lose a lot of uk backers this way. i'd suggest lowering the postage, even if it means you lose some money on foreign shipping. you'll still make more by getting more backers (does that make any sense?!) al
i am a huge fan of tgd and proud to be a part of this project! this is going on my coffee table for sure. i recommend your site to all of my friends.
your project looks amazing, really inspirational. i'm excited to get my e-magazine and follow your progress. going to check out your website right now. :)
this is gonna be great but i'm shocked there is no whiskey on any support level. come on!
very excited about this!
