2 years later some of us are still waiting for the combining feature. when do you intend to fulfill your promise? i pledged for 3 lametric because of this stretch goal.
hi everyone! we've released a new software update that includes amazon alexa and wemo switch support. amazon alexa since firmware 1.7.3, it is possible to control your lametric time using your voice and amazon echo. here are few things you can do: - setup alarm - control timers - activate apps if they are not visible at the moment - control bluetooth, brightness and volume - control internet radio
for your information : if you buy 2 or 3 lametrics, be aware that despite what says the campaign page, you will not be able to combine them together!
hello everyone! we just released a fresh firmware update v1.7.0. in this one we made some improvements to the firmware that allows us to do smart home integrations more easily. we started from philips hue and netatmo weather station. enjoy!
@gerardo our support team has just sent you an email response regarding your question.
hi there. since two days ago lametric is showing a battery icon and making a beep. it is doing that all day long randomly. that was before the latest upgrade and after it continues to do it. any advice ? thanks in advance.
recently we have implemented a new feature: japanese language support. lametric time now displays japanese text!
lametric time firmware 1.6.2 has been released! new weather indicators are available. weather app on your lametric time now has three new values to display – atmospheric pressure, precipitation and visibility. check it now!
you made a promise (a stretch goal) and a large number of backers pledged for several lametrics because of this promise.  i myself pledge for three, it was expensive but i trusted your word on the combining feature. obviously you did not tell us the truth as not only this feature was never developed, but on the top of it, during months you simply ignored your  backers requests about it. it has just been put very recently on your roadmap, after many requests, except that it is the last in your list when it should be first, with no date attached to it. how serious is that? how fair is that? once again, if you are checking this page before purchasing a lametrics, please check the comments of backers below and think hard.
@bert our development roadmap has been updated recently, new goals were added such as lametric&nest integration, lametric&alexa integration. these features will allow you fully control your smart home. and simultaneously we keep on working on combining several devices together. we understand that it took more time than expected and appreciate your patience on this matter. please follow our forum news topics for coming updates (http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions/forums/6000094164). we will announce once new features are available.
if you are visiting this page before purchasing a lametric be aware that this company made promises during their kickstarter campaign  that they never fulfilled. think hard, do you think they will behave differently with you?  don't make the same mistake me and quite a few other backers made.
hey guys, please follow our development roadmap http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions/topics/6000021790 for coming features and updates. good news that we are now on the final stage of implementing phillips hue native support! coming next - netatmo native support.
@paul we have already shipped your reward. please check your email for the updates of the shipping status.
lametric team found the time to log in, found the time to peddle their wares through email, but did not find the time to answer my comment. business as usual for the lametric team i guess. please answer!
i still haven't received anything - did i miss a survey link or something?
ok, one month later could we get an update on the combining feature that was promised? would appreciate if you do not ignore this comment.
positive update ... i should have returned a couple of weeks ago to update. the unit was received. positively wonderful and concerned customer service. very much appreciated. by the way, of course, i love the way this wonderful box looks in my office. please accept my apology for not updating much sooner, and thank you again.
hi guys, combining several devices together is in our plan, we are keen to make it happen. it’s not easy task and requires longer time than expected. we are working on it simultaneously with the goals from our developer roadmap.  thank you for patience. stay tuned for updates.
i'm still waiting on the feature to be able to 'combine' lametrics as well.  the silence is deafening.
@bert i feel you. i brought a hand full of devices to work in combination as well and feel they are being very evasive about the feature. it especially hurts to see more and more additional items added to the development roadmap with this feature still being notably absent. @lametric please respond regarding this feature. i have messaged several times, in several forms, and the last response i received was that this would become top priority after smartthings integration. does the smartthings smartapp have a release date available? is this still the case for the combination feature? if so, why hasn't this been added to the development roadmap yet? i definitely appreciate all the additions but i really hope to hear back about this specific feature soon.
@randy apologies for this inconvenience. your lametric time is being prepared for shipping now. please check your e-mail.
i have tried repeatedly to complete the survey. when i have tried to fill out the form, i receive a "be right back" message, and it never confirms. please advise. let me know that i will receive my purchased unit. thank you. randy
hey, guys! recently we've released a new firmware update for lametric time that has good features. smartthings + lametric lametric time now has local api that is open and documented. that allows integrating lametric time into different smart home solutions. lametric time api v2 for developers new rest api v2 is now available. we started with an ability to send a notification to the device in the local network and get basic device state like volume, brightness, wi-fi, bluetooth etc. give a try and have a nice day :)
@randy please check your message box, our support team sent you a private message with further instructions on what to do next to get your device.
i have still not received my unit. please advise.
combining lametrics together was the reason i picked 3. the "combining feature" was your promise ($250k stretch goal). it does not even appear on your dev roadmap ! how could you disregard your promise like this? i want to see lametrics combining in your "roadmap" or get a refund for the 2 useless lametrics that sit in one of my drawer.
@bert thanks for being our backer and believing in us from the very beginning. currently are working intensively on smartthings integration, and very soon it will be implemented. then we'll start working on other features. here you can check our development roadmap:  http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions/topics/6000021790 thank you for your patience.
i actually bought 3 lametrics because it was possible to combine them according to their campaign. lametric devices do no come cheap. 2 lametrics i received are useless to me. i want a refund for 2 lametrics or lametric company should deliver was promised a year ago.
they don't even bother answering their backers' questions any longer...
still waiting mine...
lametrics combining, when?
i managed to resolve the issue i had, after a full reset and delete/re-add on the app.
update to my earlier comment, the team were great, they saw my comment reached out and i got the product in days, thanks guys loving it.
still waiting on mine.  emailed twice no response. terrible!
@sam please contact our support team (support@lametric.com) and they will investigate this issue.
anyone else have trouble the last couple of days? my lametric is no longer communicating to the web?
@bert now we are working hard on smartthings integration and then we plan to start working on  combining 2 or 3 lametrics together. thank you for your patience!
still waiting for my lametric. when does it ship? claus from switzerland
"get more information by combining 2 or 3 lametrics together" when ?
same here, i haven't received mine nor got any infos on shipping. leif from germany
not received mine, have you finished shipping now?
still waiting for the "get more information by combining 2 or 3 lametrics together" ! i actually pledged for 3 lametrics just because of this. could we get a time frame ???????? or could i get a refund for my right now 2 useless lametrics ? thanks.
@claus: got mine in switzerland along with everyone else.  all is working well incl. integration with a netatmo and several ifttt recipes.
@bert i got 3 also for that reason. @jonas it is most likely a compatibility issue, since right about the time you said it quit working they released a new firmware patch/update. @gretel support for lametric is near non-existent. my units do not update the info unless i force it, by deleting apps and reinstalling, power-cycling them or, in some instances, resetting them altogether. i sent an email to support and, after 3 weeks for a reply in which they wanted me to reset the device and reinstall the firmware with a direct connection to a computer, which incidentally, i had done previously. i replied and never heard back.
received my lametric but it refuses to power on even after charging it for hours.. there is no battery indicators whatsoever.. screen is just blank.. e-mailed support twice now, still no response... please help!
lametric ios app does not start anymore on my iphone 4s (ios 7) :( i tried to reboot, reinstall, ..., but it only shows the start screen of the app and then closes itself. when i used it the last time (~1 month), everything was fine.. does anyone have a smiliar problem? (fortunately, i've got an android emulator running under windows which keeps lametric at least a bit usable.)
hi, as it seems i am not getting any answer through email (despite 2 requests), my question : when will you provide the side by side function to people with multiple lametrics? i pledged 3 for that reason...
hi, i haven't received mine yet. can someone please get in touch regarding shipping? thanks.
i still love my lametrics, not live my lametrics :-)
hello, so far i still live my lametrics. a few requests : - when will we get the side by side firmware to "combine togetherseveral  lametrics" as it was explained during the campaign ? - any way to get more than one twitter account in your twitter app ? (i cannot do that with ifttt either as they do not let users track more than one twitter account) - i cannot control the volume power (up or down) with my brand new android 6.0.1, nexus 6p (and i am not the only one to have issues with that). the only way to control volume seems to be through your software app settings, which is a bit cumbersome. do you intend to update your android application and fix this bug ? thanks bert
hi, still waiting for my reward. has anyone else got a lametric here in switzerland?
hey i have yet to receive my reward? i have resent the shipping information 3 times. i kept receiving emails back in september you never got it even though i sent it. what is the best way to get it you????
sebastian stein we are working on night mode.
at night, the display is unfortunately always getting brighter and brighter.  would be nice if there is a night mode.  presumably, the light sensor is deceived by its own display .
just set mine up. had to switch my iphone off the 5ghz wifi to do the initial connection but can now have iphone on 5ghz and the lametric on 2.4ghz . having a problem with new radio stations, no audio although the default ones work okay.  i'm pleased with it so far , will play some more tomorrow
if i live in the usa, should i have received my lametric by now? haven't received any tracking numbers or even an email that it was sent out.
thanks for the firmware update, which added ifttt functionality and the ability to connect to a hidden ssid.
we have just published ifttt apps in lametric store: ifttt display and ifttt button. we would like our backers to try lametric ifttt integration before official channel launch. if you find some issues, just send email with the description of the issue on support@lametric.com. thanks!
guys, ifttt functionality is ready and we are awaiting official channel launch. it will be very soon.
on the 28th of october : "friends, ifttt is the top priority right now." ok, where are we now ? as a reminder ifttt was described as "already there" more than one year and a half ago, during the campaign.... i love the product, but it is lacking apps and ifttt would be the solution 4 people like me...
any updates on shipping to europe. i haven't heard anything.
hello, i would like to know if my lametric has been sent? where can i get information?
i like mine but my largest complain is that it is unreliable. whenever i make any sort of change, resetting my router, unplugging the lametric, the moon coming out, it loses connection. generally i can just reconnect to it again and it will recover, but this time it happened and i had to factory reset it so that it would recognize my network. it also failed to connect to the lametric wireless network a few times before it finally worked. then it also kind of stinks that i have to setup all of my (sadly limited) settings again, for about the second time.
i am not able to connect to my lametric anymore either... bit of a worry!
ok, finally gave up waiting for the update to fix daylight saving time. tried to reconnect, as described in the workaround, now it does not connect at all. reset to factory settings, still cannot connect. it seems to be bricked now.
i cant manage to make it work with my airport extreme. any tips??
hello i don't believe i got confirmation yet stillol but then noticedo another email asking for my address again. i have entered again can someone explain please look into my shipment please? thanks
the very poor customer service saga continues . . . sent my completed rma request form on 11/2.  eight days later, still no response.  still waiting to hear from –– as they wrote: "our hong kong team, which is responsible for rma procedure, shall check the form tmr and will get back to you with confirmed rma number." so sad that a promising company is failing to serve customers better.
love mine but can't actually use it for 2 reasons. firstly it doesn't do what it said in the campaign. i can't get it to show paypal total. secondly, i started using it to view my facebook page fan counter, problem is that i have a limited data broadband and, just showing facebook like numbers uses over 1.5gb of data every day! totally unacceptable usage that put me over my limit 2 weeks early.
just received mine. seems to be decent quality and "weighty". however, when i try to power it on (via the power button) while plugged in, i get nothing. did i just get a dud, or is there another trick to starting it?
i think this is the best device i've bought this year. apart from the delivery mater that i think they are thinking in it... the quality of the device has impressed me: it is a high level quality device. and about functionality: it is great and growing every day with our suggestions and ideas. you'll never will put this device in "the box of memories" i tell you. i always reed the whether, my favorite tweets and my "senecalendar" quote of the day apart from the clock... i think it is the best gadget gift for now. (i have bought one more for my brother...) i can't wait for the next firmware update... good job! (sorry about my english)
anyone already opened it ?
anyone already opened or ?
daylight savings time will be supported in the next firmware update. meanwhile, please disconnect and connect lametric to wi-fi or set timezone manually to get it fixed. thanks!
my lametric is great, but i cant figure out how to enable daylight savings time. any hints?
smart atoms: we are your customers and we ask you why don't you offer us different shipping alternatives than dhl (or similar courrier that have stratosferic prices for handling and manage our taxes...), why? do you earn money with dhl or shelling lametric devices? please let us choose how we want you to deliver your devices to us.
the story continues.... received a rma form to fill out.  mind you, no actual rma yet, just a form to get a rma.  the form states that the customer is responsible for: -- the cost of shipment to smart atoms limited rma warehouse (in hong kong) -- the return shipping cost (from hong kong) -- all tax and duties which arise during round shipment. i inquired if that was indeed the case for a defective unit and received this reply: "sorry for inconvenience but it is our standard rma procedure. because we are young company, we have only hong kong warehouse at the moment. thanks for your understanding." (grammar errors are all theirs.) if this is the way they treat customers (and backers no less) thay will probably remain a small company. they are most likely hoping that someone will buy them out.
never mind. i was about 15' away from my router. i tried connecting again a few inches from it and it worked.
anyone have issues connecting phone to the device? i have not been able to connect at all. support has told me that it only works with 2.4 ghz wifi. i'm running iphone 6+ on an airport extreme.
received my unit on 10/19.  set it up and left it in clock mode.  several days later i get around to playing with it and installing an app or two.  i then notice that one of the pixels (light tubes) is dead.  had not noticed prior as the clock did not use that particular pixel.  wrote to smart atoms last weekend for an rma under the warranty terms. also sent them several photos showing the problem.  they tell me that they are waiting to "hear from the factory about my problem."  wait, what?  all i want is to return it for a replacement unit.  what does the factory have to do with it? not the best support service experience.  still awaiting my rma, by the way.
received three units in seattle, no shipping or other after-the-fact charges.
i see quite a few european backers commenting on the excessive  vat & import fees dhl has levied, but curious about us backers.  have any us backers been charged additional fees by dhl or did smart atoms square that away with the "free shipping" to the us? i know dhl is notorious for shipping out billing statements a few weeks after receipt of items shipped using their service.  just wanted to double-check.
friends, ifttt is the top priority right now. it will allow not-technical people push data to lametric and launch actions using recipes.
@gerardo... yeah, lack of ifttt or email/text push ability has made it little more than a fancy clock right now.  i expect that to improve, but it hasn't yet. there's also very little documentation on how to get apps to work right making it near impossible for low-ability programmers like me to figure out how it all works.  there are some user apps showing up in the store, but they are pretty limited right now. i'm hoping to eventually get this integrated with smartthings on some level but have no idea how to push stuff to lametric within the groovy language.
ok, for others, it seems today it is able to be configured while yesterday there was an issue (with their servers?) anyone know how to use the device via rest?
so after a long awaiting for my lametrics i find it to be of very low usage. the lack of ifttt makes it pretty much a nice clock on my bedside. seems like developers/people haven't find much attraction to develop apps. what's your experience?
more work needed in the appstore, not loading for me?
is anyone having problem connecting to the la matric once it's configured? i'm able to connect to it directly, get it to hop on my wifi, i can see the dhcp log working, i can see my phone going back to the same wifi, i know both devices ip, but the phone can't see the la matric once it's on my wifi and i'm stuck in a setup loop. i'm also not using client isolation as suggested by the device. anyone has this problem?
mini review: nice, but ultimately unusable for my particular need because my phone has to be on the same lan as the lametric to control it. so totally wasted money right now. no ethernet port and no support for wpa-enterprise also makes it difficult to use. i really hope that the forthcoming ifttt functionality doesn't require my phone to be on the same lan.
i received mine here in california. it is a very nice unit. i would like to see the display be higher resolution like 2 x more dots. its is still nice. remember folks lion batteries need a few cycles to get the full capacity use out of them. still disappointed that wireless networking is the only option for connecting le metric to the network. i wanted a hard line....overall very good device unique.. will get better as apps mature. please add an easy option to select 1,2 3 or 20 or just 2 apps to scroll.. in my home its now my main bedroom clock...
friends, please find temporary workaround for the issue of incorrect time after switch to winter time - http://help.lametric.com/support/solutions/articles/6000080875-lametric-does-not-show-correct-time-after-change-to-winter-time-
wow, that is embarassing. my brand new lametric clock is off by one hour. and no information by when it will be fixed. so it will remain off for an unknown amount of time, then... now you start looking for new developers, i would suggest to improve the assessment of your new employees.
after a few days in operation: -leds are much too bright at night (even at 10%) -no switching to winter time -wake up with radio does not always work -it would be nice if you could adjust the running speed of the text -ifttt support!!!
i've been using this for a few days. i can't wait for more applications, specifically ifttt - which would be a game changer. my battery life is about eight hours too, which if i move it from my living room to my bedroom, doesn't give me much room if i want a lie in! extremely pleased with the quality of the packaging, and the product, and i'll be honest it exceeded my expectations. i also had to pay £19 duty, which although frustrating, as someone who has worked in manufacturing, specifically in china, this is expected. i've noticed that a lot of the apps are very location specific, it would be great to code in autodetect a location, just like the base weather app. anyway, let's see how the firmware can upgrade this product, how the coders can create some great apps, and let's get ifttt asap!
my battery life is around 8hrs. pretty disappointed with that.....
when will ifttt support be available?
well. i agree that the build of the lametric itself is really nice. nice to the touch. nice to see. nice to hold. good weight. good looking.  but the battery problem is there. how long can your lametric last on a full charge? mine lasted less than 8 hours after the battery showed a 100% charged. just sitting on the desk displaying the clock and nothing else. less than 8 hours! that's a bit too short. how are your lametric guys? is it just mine or is it normal to be like that? just the clock and nothing else.  would really love some feedbacks from fella kickstarters and hopefully from lametric creator too. thanks.
great! thank you!
after many disappointing kickstarters, i'm putting this in the "pebble" category: great work guys! the features aren't all there yet, but this thing looks very, very promising! any chance of a "returning customer" discount? i already want to order more... :-)
brilliant, i love it!
i received both of my lametrics a couple days ago and so far i love it!  i thought at first i received two plugged in versions because they were both so light, but once i paired them with my phone it identified which one has a battery.  the battery powered one is now sitting on my night stand as an alarm clock that also shows me the weather and most recent email and the plug in version sits in my living room to tell me what the weather is before i leave for the day.  the build quality is great, the packaging was nice and simple to open.  the app is great too; i can't wait for more apps to be added to it because i'd like to do so much more with mine.  thanks and i hope this product takes off!
really one of the coolest gadget to be displayed on my table - display is clear and visible from far and the sound is crisp - but i guess if the casing is metal it will be more durable and premium look and feel. maybe version two will be a hd display with stainless steel ? :)
liking my lametric.  no problems charging.  all good, app store nice.  looking forward to playing with it.  only one small request - in the next software update, could we get a scroll speed control?  its way to fast at the moment, which kills the functionality a bit re news/twitter ticker functionality.  but (despite the £19 duty hit) a well designed, well produced bit of kit, which - these days - is a bit of surprise in the wasteland of terrible products and appalling execution that kickstarter has become.  congratulations! :)
can't charge my lametric after it reaches 26%. anyone has any idea why and how should i solve this?
uk - arrived today. £20 duty which is ok i suppose.  however i cant get it on. it charged with the supplied cable and wall charger with an animated battery charging symbol. now i just have a solid not moving full battery symbol. do i need to wait more than 2 hours for a full charge? can't seem to turn it on.
my lametric is on its way.. but i have too pay 30 euro import duty tax to dhl before they deliver the package.. ridiculous
ok, how do i get rss feeds working?
finally got mine lametric. it looks and works better than expected. not perfect, but satisfactory and worth it's price. looking forward for the new apps.
got mine today, annoyed that i had to pay an additional £19 ($30) via customs making total postage for $55. i'm pretty sure other projects have been able to lower the costs of import by using ireland as a landing post.
i got mine last weekend. unfortunately there is some dust behind one pixel. this looks awful. i did send a picture to your support but did not get any response. any chance for a replacement or a way to clean it? regards
just got mine today. very nice device, made an app for it easily. any plan to allow developers to create apps with user input? looks like only built-in apps can do that at the moment.
i have got mine. i have to say, you have done the job well. i like it so much.
just received my lametric.  the wait was worth it! so far the product meets my expectations in term of packing and design.  i like it. thanks smart atoms.
@creator i did update firmware, but my previous comment is still valid. like others have said, the speed at which the words move is very, very fast. even in the original video posted it was half as fast. is there any update on this issue? it's hard to read headlines at light speed.
i got my lametric today and wanted to say i really do like it. the product feels great, the packaging was nice and the software was a breeze to set up. i can't wait to see what people can do with apps for it, but all in all i'm happy with it. it feels like nowadays kickstarter things i get after so long are underwhelming, but i like this. there are a few changes i'd love to see, but they can be tweaked over time. i'd love to see an option to mark how long to display each app (maybe a per-app setting that lets you leave some you like more on longer), and i'd like to be able to change the speed of movement between apps. but all in all a great app that i'm happy to have.
on september 7th, i emailed you to update my address for shipping, which you quickly confirmed. today i received a delivery notification from dhl stating that my lametric had been delivered.  when i called them and gave them the tracking number, they confirmed that it had been delivered to my old address. what do we do now?
friends, please update firmware to 1.0.24. we have fixed several critical issues. also, we have improved twitter app, now you can see more information about who follows you (name, following:followers and description - almost in real-time and at a glance)
thanks for the new update! the stock ticker app now works,so does the message ticker, and the news app. plus the new usgs earthquake app is very informative. keep up the great work!
i appreciate the responsiveness. however the change of motions from one app to another is so stark and fast. is there a way to slow the transitions to something more manageable to read? it flies by on the ticker so quick it hiccups and then continues
thanks guys for your words! please help us to move product forward with active discussions/suggestions/code samples on our forum - help.lametric.com/support/discussions.
now let's  talk about the lametric itself, the product is really good. once we will see more sophisticated applications,  it will be a real hit with the tech savy people (and we are a large crowd :-)). i was also very surprised by the sound quality of the thing, it is good. packaging is top notch. the product is well finished, not perfect, but almost (a little bit creaky when you take it in your hands but that's the only issue i saw so far). it is a pity that the plug is on the back, as i will not be able to put it a wall, but i already knew about this. i only used one, i do hope that my 2 others are of the same quality than the first one i unpacked. at the end, smart atoms have poor communication skills (they do not engage their community enough, we had to beg to get news over here) but they sure know how to make a very nice product. as we say in france : "chapeau bas!"... now guys, please get busy on the software side :-)
it started working properly including news. i hope i could use hidden wifi ap
i got my 3 lametrics, i paid €56 in taxes in france
very disappointed....i've basically had to pay for my lametric twice!! customs charges in portugal: taxes: €69,04 dhl handling: €34,19 total of €103,23 and lametric kickstarter price in eur is €144,66
instead of comments a big compliment. a compliment for design, the way it works, software, manual and more.
@smart atoms i've got mine and that works fine but the news. i can't read any news and it just shows 'loading...' thanks for quick delivery. i like this product and hope that i can use it better.
lametric custom charges: spanish taxes: approx 13€ dhl "taxes": 15€ !!!! (this is the real business of dhl) why don't you send it through regular post office?!!!!!! very disappointed!
30,72 eur customs charges here, which is pretty steep indeed... :(
received  today in italy. a big disappointment though... i had to pay custom duties... 26 euros! being a pledge, being not invoiced even, as we can compare it to a gift, this is not something that really makes me happy. to let you know the full story, i asked @creator and was told that "the possible" would have been done. i had other backed project where i asked and didn't receive any custom duties on shipping and even other where these charges were refunded... what will be this?
congratulations lametric! i just got mine device a while ago. very happy with what i have. well done! keep up the good work guys! cheers!!
also, i'd like a lower-level api to display raw bitmaps on the screen.
good job on the lametric! good build quality and it seems to work pretty well. however, if i send a different icon id in the frame json data, it doesn't seem to actually change the displayed icon. by the way, the weather app uses km/h for metric wind speed, but you probably want to change that to m/s, which is what is commonly used.
just wanted to drop a note to you guys.  thanks for such a well run campaign, not many turn out as well as yours has, which is good news. got my lametric yesterday, and have been playing with it for a few hours now.  i am really impressed with what it can do so far, and i think it has a good amount of functionality out of the box to get the initial users used to using it, without it being too complicated. i think the ios app is very straight forward to use.  i'd like to see some additional options added eventually, however, i see most of the ones i'm concerned about have been mentioned on the support forums. congratulations, i'm looking forward to your next project.  if you could make one of these that pulls data via a bluetooth connection to a phone, i'd buy another one for work, but as it stands, my work wifi uses a username and password with a certificate to connect to the wifi, so i'm sure that is out.
anyone who's working on developing apps please stop by the forums (http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions) and share your wisdom.
got mine yesterday, started developing today and it's a breeze. the application i made is configurable and i am wondering how to make an application that i deploy once and that users can install and configure. i don't see anything in the api that can identify the device or the user.
@keith wong battery-operated and plugin versions have different sku (please find label on the side of the package with s/n, sku, mac and model name). lsd-s-ww is for plugin version, lsd-p-ww is for battery-operated version. if you connect battery version to the mains, it will show charging indicator. also every time you disconnect usb cable, you will see battery level on lametric.
for those trying to connect your lametric, ensure your smartphone wifi is connected to lmxxxx and your wifi channel is 11 or below.
how do i know which is the battery version and plug in version? it seems to share the same packaging and product number?
@max b - the charging cable is hidden inside the packaging. remove all the cardboard inserts to find it.
really impressed by what this project turned out into! is it supposed to not come with a charging cable?? also, dhl express germany charged me a €10 "capital provisioning fee" on top of tax (€11.92 - that was expected). not so nice.
hi, got mine too but cannot add the device in ios app. as instructed, i turned device on and connected to lm #### network and came back to the app. however nothing changes or happens from that point. can't click anywhere to go to step 3. what should i do?
received my unit today. set up is easy. speakers are pretty good for audio streaming. looking forward to more functionality.
hi there. german customs ask for an invoice to process delivering. unfortunately, they don't accept the pledge e-mail. is there any chance to get an invoice?
got mine very professionally packaged and presented. set up was straight forward and easy as is the usage. can't wait to see where the community goes with it - wish i had a second one now.
@안보갑,  lmxxxx is open network, no password. if you need more help, please contact support@lametric.com for assistance. thanks!
what is the password to connect to lmxxxx wifi ?
lametric time review here http://smarthomethin.gs/review-lametric-time-smart-clock/
just got my unit. it just need more functionality to be added over time. one one of the things i want to use it for is an internet radio alarm, however i cant't find the streams i want in the radio app.  are there plans to 1) increase the database, 2) add custom streams or 3) integrate something like tunein?
got my two units today!  they're beautiful.  questions: 1) they seem to share the same model number, despite one having a battery and the other not.  >.<   2) can i add a battery somehow? 3) i noticed having to sign in on my iphone when i set things up initially - are the lametric times reliant on lametric servers being up and running?  or is there local storage / processing and is it capable of doing things offline? need to poke around at the developer stuff next.
got my two units today as well. i remember reading that two or more of them could be chained together to display longer messages. how can this be done?
got my two units today. they look and work great and i was pleasantly surprised with the build and audio quality.
just received my lametric and setup was a breeze. packaging was professional, simple and well designed, and the product was well worth the wait - thanks smartatoms for a fantastic, top quality product....now we just need a larger selection of apps....well done team and thanks again!
dhl won't deliver it to me until i show them a bill or transaction... where can i find it ?
can the wlan module be reconfigured to allow the connection to a hidden ap?
on the device port 9001 is open. what is it used for?
@drew lametric can work in three modes: click to scroll, autoscroll and locked mode. autoscroll mode scrolls apps automatically. you can select needed mode at the bottom of the configuration screen.
is it yet possible to scroll through different apps, ie every 15 secs show the next app in a list on the display?  i'd like to cycle several text apps and still play radio in the background.
got mine, very happy with it so far. am figuring out the dev system, one video tutorial (to make a twitter app that shows a certain filtered set of tweets, for example) would be useful, to show how to bring in custom info from the web. i'm sure i can figure this out via trial and error, but seeing it done would be faster.
love it! batteries run down pretty quickly though.
@smartatoms : thanks for your answer.
guys, lametric batch was transferred to logistics company. logistics company has already delivered 40% of the orders and made a schedule to send the rest of devices in 2 weeks. you will get shipping notification when your order will be dispatched. thanks for your patience.
smart atoms is connecting to ks every day. i would appreciate an answer to my message here or to the email i sent about not receiving my 3 lametrics and not getting any news about it. especially when smart atoms started shipping pre-orders 8 days ago http://blog.lametric.com/post/130549545640/shipping-has-been-started
received my last week, i am #35. did a little review and unboxing posts https://lesterchan.net/blog/2015/10/13/lametric-time-customizable-smart-ticker/ =)
i have not received my 3 lametrics either.  no one is getting back to me either on an eta.
is anyone able to slow down the twitter feed? i can't read that fast :p
did not receive my 3 lametrics when other people in france have, is this normal ?
i agree with @richardfox that (although extremely easy to use) sdk is limited. i've played with that: check out the news app...
we need a lower level sdk to support this product going forwards.
i've supported many projects on kickstarter and it's fairly common that projects are delivered late and not surprising that several of them come in as a disappointment when finally delivered. some are poor quality, others have poor usability and one of them felt it it's going to start catching fire! i had mentally written off lametric when the delays hit. imaging my surprise when i found a nicely designed product that works as described. it's only been one day and i'm starting to think about buying a second unit! kudos to the team in taking the extra time to fix the early issues. hope you learn from the project and may your next project be more successful.
i received mine today! the wait was long, very long. but it was worth it. the information policy during the wait period could have been a bit better, but anyway, it's here! the build quality is superb. really! the display looks stunning. the audio speakers are good, sufficient for notifications or radio. i just checked the developer site and it looks promising. i think i will create some apps, probably private apps for displaying some personal information. it would be cool if you add more stock apps for beginners that are not so familiar with developing own apps (since i am a software developer i'm fine though). and please use auto layout in your ios app, i.e. make it look better on an iphone 6(s) (although, this is not time critical but it looks more up to date for potential new customers who downloaded the app prior to their purchase). all in all: great work! thank you!
got mine today and like the product a lot. great design, build quality and polish. now hope for more/better working apps, especially the ifttt functionality and some more documentation how to create own apps. good to hear that the stocks app on ios has been fixed. thanks guys and hope you can transfer the excellent hardware work over to the software side.
like the unit.  feel kinda duped though.  i got the impression that there were already a lot of apps, and not just the few.  (unless i am missing something.)  gmail scrolling app is very cool.  $175, however, is a lot of money for a glorified clock radio.  hopefully looking forward to more apps so it doesn't go the way of the chumby.  if a scrolling sport score app is developed, i will buy 2 more to link 3 together for my game room.
just received mine :) first impressions: great product. love the packaging. good build quality. good audio. android app is clean and intuitive. was able to quickly connect and get going. love the radio. was able to add a bitcoin price ticker using the stocks app. overall a really good job. this is an example of a kickstarter executed well. now all we need is some more apps. rss/atom ticker anyone?
friends, please post app ideas, feature requests and vote for them on lametric forum - http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions
@hb ifttt is our major development priority right now. you can duplicate some apps, just drag the app and drop it on "duplicate".
i also do not see ifttt support (no channel to add) but it is noted on the campaign page as a feature.
is there a way to add multiple instances of the same app?  for example, it'd be nice to have a countdown to christmas and my wedding anniversary.
@dylan hillman stocks app has been fixed. apple should review the new version of the app, it takes some time. meanwhile, you can try to setup stocks app using android smartphone.
@iain inglis lametric can work in three modes: click to scroll, autoscroll and locked mode. autoscroll mode scrolls apps automatically. you can select needed mode at the bottom of the configuration screen .
10€ additional dhl fee and no professional api/developer access yet :(
i got it mine today. i was  a long delay until we got it, but i have to say taht the product is very polished and  led led effect with the shadows is great. i connected at work in 20 seconds, but now i bring it  home to play with it and configure it, and it seems connected (tiem and date are syncronized), but the app doesn't seems to find it. i will play a bit to try to solve it, because if it worked at work, there is no sense that it doesn't at home. very pleased with the product, but less with customs/dhl that took 40 euros for the taxes!
got mine and i love it, very solid build. i am having issues connecting it my home network for the stock app though. says it's not connected to the internet every time i try to enter a symbol even though the weather app, etc... all work fines do it says it's connected to my network on the home screen of the phone app.
love my new lametric! so simple yet so good! is there going to be a way in the future  to scroll through the installed apps so it's not just on the same one?
@daniel stormy, current issue has not been reproduced on earlier ios versions. at the moment seems like it is ios 9.0.2 bug, but we are still investigating it.
the gmail funktion in the app doesn't work my lametric app crashed every time i will enter my login ! iphone 6 ios 9.0.2
just had a play with the developer interface. kinda klunky right now. are there plans to expand its features?
i will spread good things if you change the transporter  [it's does not worse 25$ with dhl] disappointed costumer
congratulations metric team.it may have been a bit late, but worth it. great item, quality is superb. great work.
we invested enormous resources, effort and love into the product. your words, photos, videos, posts, articles are the best reward for us.  also, don't forget to publish your app ideas - http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions. thanks!
guys, if you like lametric, help us spread the word on social networks, product hunt, media. it will be much appreciated!
and mine just arrived :) incredible build quality, feels like a very solid unit and nice to the touch. can't even see the grid of leds through the panel, its a solid black front until the leds light up. no light bleeds through from one cell to the next - clearly a lot of thought/design went into this as it shows. speakers are surprisingly good. only downside is the power input, i thought it was recessed on the side but that's changed during development i see to being on the back making mounting to a wall a little more problematic. standard micro usb though, so easy to change cable to reduce the amount it sticks out. had an issue connecting to it first time, phone found it, connected to its wifi, gave it the wifi password and it said it couldn't connect. yet the lametric itself started to act like it was all setup and happy, the clock app started to display. phone app didn't think it was connected but as the lametric thought it was, it had turned off its wifi hotspot and could no longer be found. turning it off/back on again solved that and second time around it worked perfectly. only had a quick play with the developer app creation, works very well. looking forward to that being expanded in the coming weeks!
hello smart-atom-team. have you change an new forum-url? -->  https://lametric.freshdesk.com/support/discussions
guys, doesn't matter where the company is based - import duties are done based on the movements of goods. above a threshold of value within a category of product and % fee applied plus shipping company fee for handling all the paperwork for you. the product is coming from china, thus import duty applied. none of this should be any surprise to anyone. right there in the faq since the kickstarter itself it has said... "shipping price doesn’t include any customs duties, taxes, fees or any other country-specific charges." yes £18 is a hefty amount and ,if i recall correctly, £13 is dhl's fee for handling it. but i've seen the paperwork from previous kickstarters... screw that... worth it to pay the £13 fee and have someone else dot the i's and cross all the t's :d
got mine. it's a polished product. hopefully more apps will come
so i got mine. it's really neat... but i was planning on using it at work, and i can't because the network is too advanced (the app won't let me enter my username, domain, and password). i guess i will have to find an at home use, but without an auto-advancing feature it's not going to be as useful just sitting on a table somewhere.
mine was attempted to deliver today, but as no-one was home i'll get it monday. from the comments, i cannot wait to get my grubby mitts on it! sounds like this could be the best kickstarter product i've backed yet!
got it, and yes!! absolutely cool... now we need the ifttt and it'll be not only cool but great!
received mine today.  well done! excellent build quality and the feel of the plastic is perfect.  app is slick, well polished, and easy to use.  very happy customer!
wow quickest delivery ever for a kickstarter project. as in from notification that item is on it's way. 3 days!!
i just unboxed it. this is a beautiful object and well worth the wait. congratulations — your hard work paid off big!
@john - don't worry, i'm #389 and i still haven't heard anything either
no australian adaptor?
i've yet to receive my tracking info. backer 1864
friends, please sumbit your ideas about lametric apps and lametric developer on our forum - http://help.lametric.com/support/discussions
@nutcracker, no its not. i got an email from them stating if i have a router with a web interface lametric is not supported!? aren't all routers today have a web interface! bit dissapointed, not sure if this was mentioned in the campaign. the product does look nice, only if i can pair it to my wifi.
omg... i just received my lametric.  this is the coolest freaking thing ive ever seen! high-fives all around!!!!!!!!!!!!! by far the most professional kickstarter product i've ever had the pleasure of funding, hands down.  nothing even comes close.  i'm about ready to buy at least one or two more for other rooms in my house. i am just blown away. outstanding!
i was just hit with a  $27.48 duty fee, after i had already paid you $25 to ship the item to me. very unhappy.
i just received the product, and it's fantastic! you guys executed well and i can't wait to see what apps come out. i am excited in buying more - can we still "chain" them together to get a larger/longer display?
@joe... in my opinion dhl is never a good option. the few times i've received a package from them it has always been much, much slower than ups, fedex, or even just our normal postal service here in the us.  maybe dhl is better in our countries but here it's like bargain basement delivery and you get what you pay for. that said i think the tax and customs duty stuff is more a country specific thing.  i doubt that dhl has much control over that.  i didn't have to pay any extra here in the us for it.
geez guys... that sucks.  getting hit with a huge tax/import bill.  ouch. as an american i'm not familiar much with this process... i've never had to pay import/customs fees here.
i'm in the same position as you sean (and countless others), £18 is absolutely ridiculous, especially with the amount we've already paid for shipping, and that lamatric is based in the uk (and even suggested that we'd even be receiving a discount because of this in the faq). i strongly feel that it's smart atom's responsibility to pay this fee... it's defeated the point of backing a project early and receiving a discount.
@xander -- check out developer.lametric.com also, the ability to email or text directly to the unit is not in place.  according to support they decided to go ifttt first, then maybe added in the other options later.  this is a good call in my opinion as ifttt gives lots more options.  however, ifttt support is live either right now. :(  supposedly it's their top priority.
i was just contacted by dhl to pay additional duties and taxes.  if i'd know about this, i wouldn't have ordered in the first place.  not a happy customer.
hey lametrics! please clarify ,about the dhl behaviour ?  is dhl a really good choice ?
@xander hoose - there is a firmware update available to download. once you download and install the update, a new apps are available. one of the apps is the gmail app, but i have found that it is currently crashing and a user is not able to sign in. hope this helps.
i received my lametric today and i have to say, it's an amazing product. out of all the kickstarter projects i have backed, rarely have i received a product that feels so finished in terms of both hardware and software. kudos. a few questions/comments: 1) where can developers find documentation to create apps and send their app submissions? 2) on these pages there was talk of a gmail app, but i can't find it in your 'app store'? 3) can you/how do you switch radio stations when playing the radio app? 4) bug: the stocks app is not working for me: stock symbol search gives me "no internet connection" every time i try to search, even though i have a connection (iphone 5s, ios 9.1, dutch locale). also, does stocks support the eurusd=x symbol for exchange rates?
@richard fox some companies first ship the containers to their own warehouse and distribute from there. that's what pebble does, for instance. but that means the custom fees will have to be fully paid by the company ánd you would have to rent a warehouse. most kickstarter companies actually choose to ship directly from the chinese warehouses, as this is cheaper in every respect. the downside? custom fees for the customer (like in my case, $51 on a package with $67 declared value).
@w. laging, comment is valid. i live in the uk, this company is based in the uk. why the hell did i pay for international shipping? why am i being taxed? other kickstarters(pebble for example) shipped to the uk from the us for a smaller cost and i was not taxed. on their second project the time, it got shipped from ireland. yeah they sent a shipment to an eu country to help out their customers. this shipment appears to be coming from asia so i blame that on the tax. not happy.
ugh i paid extra for international shipping and am being charged £18 by dhl....
25 €,- tax in germany. wasn´t tax to be paid by my payment in 2014?  approx. 10 month later than expected and an extra fee for shipping/tax. -not a good start.
re:count down to event... is it possible to expand this to include time?  like if i have a party at 5:00pm next week saturday, i want to count down to that hour, not just that day.
i totally second nutcracker's suggestion.  a forum would be great to be able to share ideas about apps and usage.  it would also allow some user-to-user support.  if you're a smartthings user, i have a thread there were i did a mini-review and i'll eventually share ideas on how to use it with st there... https://community.smartthings.com/t/connect-lametric-lametric-com-with-smart-things-and-use-it-as-home-display/1543/27 but a dedicated lametric forum really makes a lot of sense.
@daniel stormy. there should be no zoll. the compagny is based in london uk. es sollte kein zoll sein. das unternehmen ist in london großbritannien.
the ios app doesn't support the larger screens of iphone 6 and 6 plus. these phones were released a year ago. this is embarrassing for a newly released app.
love everything about it so far. i wish there was iftt support already but i can wait :) my only issue is that it appears that there is some dust or something over one of my leds towards the top. amazing and well done!
@mohit - is your wifi access point hidden?  there have been reported issues of the lametric not being able to connect to hidden wifi access points.  i'm not sure if this is related to just at setup stage (my unit arrives tomorrow!).
super impressed by this. so glad i pledged. bluetooth speaker, internet radio,clock, stock, weather all work awesome brightness adjustment is great. so easy on eyes at night.
hi guys, i got mine, looks fantastic, only if i can get it to work! it fails to connect to my wifi. i have enough bandwidth and my router is a high end one. what am i doing wrong? help!! mohit
i received my la metrics in california today. thanks for paying for expedited shipping. i received them very quickly from china. i'm still getting familiar with the devices, but i'm so far really impressed by the finish and sound quality. i look forward to making la metric part of my daily routine.
@smartatoms - is it worth launching a forum or something on your website so that better communication and discussion around building apps for lametric? where is the email notification app? couldn't see it within your app or on website.  roadmap around developer capability?
got everything working, just had to disable my guest wifi which the app told me to do.  i had to reset my router for the change to take effect.  lametric is pretty cool.  waited a long time but great job smart atoms team.
my first comment is i wish the usb cord was longer.
just got mine in the mail (dhl).  downloaded the app and will see how it works.  very excited.
is there no app available yet??
friends, we just published email notification app. check it out - very nice at home to decide if email is worth reading.
ist schon ein gerät in deutschland angekommen und was hat der zoll gesagt ?
@smart atoms - thanks for the clarification - all good!
don't have a problem, just wanted people to know what to expect.
yeah. shipping cost did not include customs charges (like pebble etc)
friends, all packages are shipped from hong kong. shipping price doesn’t include any customs duties, taxes, fees or any other country-specific charges. thanks for understanding.
another £18 to take delivery from dhl to uk... is that correct @lametric ? (already paid $25)!
uk customers fee £18 ($28). meh.
got a dhl shipping notification. unfortunately, the custom fees are $51(!) on a $119 kickstarter... that's a bit of a bummer :'(
never mind. i see that the lametric can't or won't connect to hidden networks. that's pretty disappointing. is this something that will be fixed in an update?
got mine. build quality and packaging are great. one question, i can't figure out how to setup my lametric on a network that is not broadcasting an ssid. i'm sure it's possible (right?). please advise.
got mine!!!
got mine today. yay
got mine!  yeah.  now to start figuring out how to use it.  i thought we were supposed to be able to email and/or text to lametric.
backer #370 powered device, got tracking info 6 oct
mine arrived today. i'm in massachusetts. delivered by dhl.
@carlos - just curious; what backer number were you, and which version did you get?
yep, mines on its way to uk...!! ��
(whoop)
had my tracking.. arrives on friday to uk.
@grant > don't know, received a dhl message about 2 days ago about the delivery from hk and it was delivered this morning.
@carlos how the heck did you get yours already?? your saying it only took one day??
6 oct 2015 > just got mine and wow ! impressed by the quality of the object and the clarity of the ios app. i'm already considering another one for work :3 cheers from paris / france.
great news shipping has started and app available for ios lametric time by smart atoms limited https://appsto.re/gb/fpz26.i
please update us on shipping date, its been another 2 weeks without an update. this is getting frustrating.
when can i take my la metric?
i keep seeing photos of assembled products boxed and ready to go. has anyone received one yet? has anyone received a shipping notice yet?
shipping
i've never received a survey. please send me one.
also never received a survey for this. please resend!
i don't remember receiving any survey    :-(
i didn't receive the survey.....
don't believe i filled out the survey but if i did, it was probably with an incorrect address as i have moved since.
never saw survey, could you guys re-sent that to me?
is there a way to show the current time along with an icon for today's weather?
ok, so its been 3 weeks since update, when are the units shipping?
will there be postal tracking for our devices?
never saw survey, could you guys re-sent that to me?
could the survey be re-sent to me?  my address has changed.
hi, never saw survey. please resend to me.
i just completed the survey, hope i'm not too late.
https://www.facebook.com/smartatoms/posts/818048521649695
it was supposed to be delivered january. hello? it's august... did you guys go through a time travel or something?
https://www.facebook.com/smartatoms/posts/815916611862886
same story here. same here : no record of a survey. can you please re-send ?
@marc, nice idea! we will put into backlog for future plans!
any chance of a pomodoro timer app? really looking forward to getting my lametric :)
thanks for the update......mass production photos .....good to see ! :)
lametric screens mass production - photo update - https://www.facebook.com/smartatoms.
same here - i never delete any e-mail and have no record of a survey.
hi smart atoms, i can't recollect receiving a survey either. in any case, could you please re-issue one to me? thank you.
guys, take a look on produced motherboards - https://www.facebook.com/smartatoms. they look awesome!
i would complete the survey, but i can't because now the country i'm located is changed, and i can't change the country. (i already informed about this situation on feb 21 2015 through kickstarter message, and i got the reply that i would be set new the address by survey).
detailed updates are okay, but a brief comment here such as "we have begin with the production and working on an update" is not too much if you have the time for a facebook comment. just my two cents.
@sebastian stein sorry, we are creating an update right now! as usual, we want to inform you a little bit more, so preparation took some time.
the second time that you post on facebook some product  informatioen but not here! https://www.facebook.com/smartatoms http://www.directupload.net/file/d/4093/siurohov_png.htm explanation why you do not want to inform us!!!!
been a month without an update. would be nice to know where things stand.
@tom, they didnt use the common kickstarter survey, they sent out an email from smartatoms.com and then when you completed the survey they sent a comfirmation. do a search in your email program. i received around aug 7. hope this helps.
i'm not sure if i got a survey.   is there anyway to check?
hi there.  i got a second reminder email asking me to fill out the survey sent last week, but i never received the original survey.  how can i give you my information?
i live in hk. can i comeby hong kong office to pickup in order to save the shipping postage?
hey i think that i missed the survey for the shipping details, where i can fill it?
hi team, i've followed the project for a long time now, and it's good to see you've made such good progress! i've had a few disappointments recently, with promised features from other kickstarter campaigns unavailable at launch. so here my question: could you please confirm you will support wpa2-enterprise as a way to let the lametric connect to the wifi networks? this is likely to be an important feature for many backers that are hoping to get their lametric connected at their workplace. keep the hard work!
guys, we are processing requests and will communicate with everyone!
@smart atoms after filling the survey, i received "be right back." three words, does it mean okay already? still no one contact me.
hi guys, i emailed you and also sent a message on ks, please update my details.
i get be right back. too and hong kong doesnt have postal code.
after filling the survey, i received "be right back." three words, does it me okay already?
i did not get the survey despite being a super early bird. :(
i thought this was world wide shipping? my order says i can only ship to the us?
taiwan is not province of china please fix it
it's great to see the survey finally going out!  the question now becomes will you have the apps released before we receive the units, or should we expect a pebble time experience? i would also like to see more information released regarding the creation of custom widgets from external (private) sources.  do you have some actual code examples on how we can interact with it?
thanks for providing the addresses! we will contact from monday with backers who had troubles with the form.
i tried to fill the form, using 2 different browsers (ie & chrome) with the same result : when you submit the form on lametric website, it brings you to a blank page, and you do not know if your information were properly collected. could someone from lametric confirm that my information were sent ? thanks
i am pretty darned excited about it all coming together. i have been looking back through the updates and was trying to find the most up-to-date dimensions of the product. specifically, i am looking to find how much clearance is needed for the plug-in to the back. i plan on putting it on a wall mounted shelve and would like to know how close to the wall i can get it. thanks.
just got an email confirming my shipping address. i believe the end is in sight...
where can we download the apps to get started?
received the mailing address survey.  @creator, why is kickstarter survey or backerskit not used?  also, l will specify the ac plug type at the note section of the survey since the mailing address is different from where i live. is that ok?
surveys have started rolling out, check your kickstarter email box.
august is here. please update
over a year since this campaign was funded. delays do not increase the chance these devices will be delivered. a lesser something must be better than nothing.
disappointed with the time taken to deliver..... when can we expect to receive the item?
@oliver, use a wireless bridge
any advice on a solution for environments whithout wlan? when i backed this project, an ethernet socket was promised, but later it was removed ... so, any recommendations for wlan-to-ethernet adapters? preferably small so i could stick it to the back of the lametric. and preferably inexpensive, of course.  :-)
i've been completely satisfied with the updates. surely delays are not unexpected for a brand new, complex product developed from scratch? it's very clear that the team is taking the utmost care with the product with more than makes up for it for me.
@creator.  please allow backers to select the ac plug type or power adapter as you will be shipping to my mail forwarder in usa but i live in singapore.
good, fast and cheap, choose two. if it's good and fast it won't be cheap, if it's good and cheap, it won't be fast, if it's fast and cheap, it won't be good.   i think this is one of the things we need to accept with kickstarter and kickstarter projects.  something has to give a little and the thing that tends to give is time. projects like these are always more difficult because there are lots of things involved, there's the hardware and for the hardware there's working with different types of materials, there's different components that need to be integrated, there's radio frequency issues to hammer out and then there's software, there's the mobile software, there's the software/firmware that actually runs on these units.  it's very complicated stuff.
on balance we have had some fair updates. however i think a reality pill is needed for smart atoms and the date needs to be put back to a winter or new year delivery.  without even a note recently on the shipping i will eat an iphone if i see this as early as august.
@daniel sligar, we spend more time to avoid mistakes and reach better quality for the backers. at the moment we are moving according to schedule posted several updates ago and plan to start shipping at the end of august - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/smartatoms/lametric-customizable-smart-ticker-for-life-and-bu/posts/1234102.
this project is taking a heckuva lot longer to bear fruit than we would have expected as backers.  it was successfully funded over a year ago, and while we all appreciate the infrequent updates, why has it taken so long?  you had a working prototype when the project was created and promised a delivery date of only a few months after funding. how is the timeline looking and when can we realistically expect this project to deliver?  sorry, but it is frustrating waiting such a long time for a project that looked ready to go.
end of aug, but no shipping survey yet? i would have to assume the logistic company you work with is pretty effective.
@andrew malis, andrew we are working hard and are close to the shipping. estimated shipping date is end of august.
when will you begin shipping?  it's been over a year.  thanks.
@preston lofgren, we will send survey before shipping where you will be able to fill in your shipping address.
guys, dvt devices work good, we are working on the latest issues. we have also sent devices for ce/fcc tests. we will post update soon.
"guys, based on estimated planning in the last update, we are currently running small test batch of 74 devices this and next week. we will post update with the results." so ? hello guys, maybe you could update us, well once every two weeks ? thanks for your understanding (we don't need loooong update, just to be kept in the loop a little bit more often) .
i have moved since the launch of the lametric, i am unsure how to change the shipping address, how can i be sure that the product will be shipped to my new address when it will actually ship! thanks, preston
update ?
and the result is ...  i like words like accountablility , reliability ,effectivness and ...    dreams :)
how are the 74 devices progressing in the dvt phase? #fingerscrossed
it would be nice if you could write periodic updates . delivery was january . we like to wait for a good product . but your update policy is a bit disappointing . every two weeks a quick update should be feasible?
shall we choose the color ?  you propose in white on your website .
guys, based on estimated planning in the last update, we are currently running small test batch of 74 devices this and next week. we will post update with the results.
7 more days, and it will be "exactly" 1 year.  last update was ~ a month ago.  me thinks my $119 is never to be seen again.
beuller?
could you explain where are problem ? did you play casino ,bought a jaguar ?
update !
come on guys, give your backers an update, you owe us some explanation and plan.
any updates? how is production going? any issues? its about 6 months past the fulfillment date that smart atoms set at the beginning of the campaign, now is not the time to become silent. still looking forward to a ticker, even though its not the same as what i pledged for.
just want to stop by and say thank you for the update.
is there any possibility of an arduino port or hack in the future.
please do us a favor, to avoid getting folks upset - 1) provide updates more frequently, 2) when you tell us "next week" but you really mean "end of next week" just say the latter and 3) provide a best-guess but firm estimate for delivery in this pending update.
guys, we are preparing update on progress. we plan to publish tomorrow.
tick tock goes the "weekly" clock. better luck next week i guess
the "next week" they are referring to is clearly engineering speak for 11:59pm on saturday, may 23rd.  i'll be respectful until then...  :-)
you guys are terrible when it comes to updating folks. come on update us asap.
we're almost halfway thru that "next week"
@smart atoms, it's the next week that you mentioned. when is it going to ship?
more frequent updates would be a good idea right now...  say every 15-20 days?  it's hard going a month without knowing what's going on.
dear backers, do not worry. all the team is working hard, moving as fast as possible and in interest of the project. we want to deliver you product, not crappy thing. we plan update next week. thanks for your understanding!
i hope this project isn't another espresso failure #feelingscammed http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/05/03/magazine/zpm-espresso-and-the-rage-of-the-jilted-crowdfunder.html
patience... itll come when it comes.  100% of my kickstarters have been late.   let them get it right.
hi lametrics team! it has been a while since your last post. everyone understands the immense pressure you are facing in delivering all the units, and so appreciate it can take some time between the updates. it would be great to hear how much progress you've made since the beginning of the month, even if it is as simple as "we are progressing as planned, a further update to come within the coming week" or so. keep us engaged and look forward to receiving our unites.
estimated delivery date ???
update ? eta
update ? eta
mine was supposed to arrive january. hello? this is almost may... in case you didn't know...
update please guys.
any eta updates? it's been awhile since the project started
i ordered a bunch of lametric, i do hope they will come in a "quiet" package, i don't want to have them stolen because of a packaging that gives too much information....
spring is here and almost on it's way out (at least where i am), how's the shipping eta coming?
it's really taking a long time for backers, please tell us the accurate shipping date. personally i am a product manager in an massive ems, the project control like this is very disappointing.
such a big update without mentioning when this thing is shipping. come on... be brave and communicate...
@sebastian stein, @brian hare, @anthony webb, @brian, @colin bodell, @chris b, @michal, guys, sorry for small delay with update, we were waiting for molds design screenshots. check out new update on progress.
there is an update on their fb-page (06. april 22:18)..... https://www.facebook.com/smartatoms http://blog.lametric.com/post/115684505745/happy-easter very disappointing....
"this week" is over at this point and we're into the next week without the march update that was promised. will we see the update today?
@brian, you must be a newbie kickstarter backer.  let me share some wisdom, i have backed tons of these kind of projects. each time i watch the pitch and somehow fool myself thinking "this is a team that can deliver" and open my wallet.  the bottom line is, 1) these projects are always delayed, 2) companies suck at giving frequent/meaningful updates, and  3) by the time your product arrives the product will be irrelevant.  by that time you'll be browsing through 10 more projects you have backed and find that you're equally as screwed there too.  shouldn't have to be this way, wish it wasnt, just the nature of the beast, unfortunately.
we( your backers ) need an update with a realistic(non vague) eta? it is already spring and yet no update despite stating your delivering in spring. are you still shipping spring 2015 or is it going to be summer 2015? a whole month and no update on status is ridiculous and is extremely not professional.  we deserve constant updated information.
here's the thing. it takes but a few minutes to enter a status update. my strong recommendation to project founders is to make that small investment frequently (not less than weekly). hey - even if it's to say it was raining  today we don't mind. demonstrates you are alive and possibly working on the project ;-)
welp... i assumed a 3 months late at least... looks like that will be hit easily.
ha-ha. bad april fools joke
@william downs, we are going to post march update this week.
no march update?
please talk in months and not seasons, very vague for your international backers
friends, progress update is coming!
no but more informations !!!!
itll be ready when its ready.  you dont want a half finished product, do you? :)
i have now backed several projects that are very late to deliver. needless to say i am not funding any more projects. i should not have been so taken by someone else's pipe dream.
update ? eta?
i commented on my #disappointment on jan 20th and yet the disclosure from the creators are few and far between. so much for being transparent. my fingers are crossed the units are ready soon but since we've seen no pictures of anything close to a finished product i have my doubts.
i'm done investing in projects through kickstarter.  there is zero accountability for the project owners in terms of ship dates or even delivery of the product.  this is a perfect example.  sorry, but the absence of accountability is not how it works in the real world and i predict that unless crowdfunding figures out a way to address this, this will be what brings down the kickstarters and indiegogos of the world.  good luck.
hey @smart atoms! can we please have another update. it's been a while! thanks.
update !
so....spring officially ends june 20th..."late spring"...ugh.
i hate when projects refer to delivery by season - very vague. who's spring?? is that june/july ?
@seb: they are from london, hence in the custom union.
@ smart atoms (eu/ german (bundesnetzagentur) custom) the following information are required so that it goes through custom: - information which bluetooth type is used  - confirmity declaration for the european union  - german manual please, no second pebble
@marc, the team of 9 engineers together with foxconn is working hard to deliver as soon as possible. we are expecting to start shipping devices in late spring. yes, we use trello and codebase. trello app is a nice idea! we will put it into the backlog for future apps.
how i can get my money back?
nothing now ?
these guys lost me when they added a useless second speaker in favor of hard wired ethernet. big mistake. the second speaker is virtually useless. since the two speakers are so close together and so small the sound will be tinny and there will be no stereo effect. so taking out the ethernet and replacing it with a speaker was not move designed to make the backers happy. it was designed to save money!!. this feature was part of the original advertised feature set. this is an option that shouldn't have happened. on top of that these guys have missed just about every date benchmark that was set. not well organized. clearly not as far along as they said they were at the start. we will be lucky to receive a functioning device at this rate.
still no time to answer me back... sorry but im requesting my refund. i cant afford this anymore
thank you for the update, it looks like lametric is almost ready. is there an estimated shipping date? it looks like you guys use trello. will there be any trello integration for lametric?
we will post an update soon!
update
sent a request for refund. vague answer but still, i can't afford this anymore. please, i need my money back. no response for days...
update !
is there any way lametric could be made to work with the neeo system? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1227115988/neeo-the-thinking-remote i think these products are very complementary and allowing neeo to easily display messages on lametric would be fantastic.
update ?
i wonder if there will be a kensington hole on the device? as i intend to use my lametric at office, i am a bit concerned it could be theft.
thank you for such an excellent update and yes, fully understand the delay. keep us informed along the way and all will be well.
that would be great, thanks.
guys, update on progress is coming soon!
could you please send us an update?
still waiting for an update...
delivery this month ??
looking forward to receive my lametric.  i have several use case for it.
@creator, can we please have an update on the expected shipping date. this has been asked a number of times and a best estimate on your part would be appreciated.
i see you've been responding to other questions so i thought i'd ask again - will you meet the promised january ship date?
test plan looks good. can't help but think jan is going to be missed if you are testing over the holiday period.  looking forward to an updated schedule and good luck with testing. will you be doing any customer beta testing as part of this phase?
schedule on time ? nice pictures ,nice places  congrat :)
thanks for the manufacturing update. how about a shipping update?  will you meet the promised january ship date?
@daniel stormy, @mark campbell, @mark swift, guys, update is coming!
@daniel +1, can we have an update please!
update ?
any updates?
as i'm struggling to keep up to date, when are we due delivery now?
hey!! just saw that you guys will be at ces!! hope to see you there!!
adding a second speaker is stupid. there is no way to get any kind of decent stereo effect from two tiny drivers so close together. a much better design choice would have been to add a better amp for the speaker that was there. and keeping the ethernet port. this would have given us better sound and kept a crucial feature. maybe in v2 yaesumofo
@smart atoms -- since lametric has a speaker, is there any way it could support dlna (as a dlna rendere) or have a 3.5" audio input jack (for an external dlna device like a rocki) so home automation systems and other sources that are not bluetooth compatible could output to the speaker? thanks.
@smart atoms @philip roberts i'm very concerne with the power cable, a lot of images of the product suggested we could use hanging with this back in a wall, or fomenting else. i planned to stick mine in my refrigerator, after the last update it could not be possible. do you guys have some solution for this? i think this will be a problem not only for me... warm regards from brazil rickricardu
@auslin, @joses, we will publish update soon.
been a month about. can we get an update?
hey you guys! i'm really excited about this project and can't wait to get in my hands to see how it works! any updates?
@pär stålberg, lametric will support latin1 languages, including swedish. (sorry, simulator do not support some characters at the moment)
hey!  i just like to ask if you will have international characters also? will it have the utf-8?  i'm from sweden and it would be great to know that it will not break when i get a swedish letter to display. i was trying the simulator and it breaks on swedish characters like: åäö ÅÄÖ.
@smart atoms has there been any further thought to power cable debate. can you please have an embedded cable that allows a flat back? as i really don't want to have to channel a groove out of the plaster my walls. many thanks
@grant, we have published survey results in the comments to the survey's update and will additionally include in the next update.
would be nice to get update on survey results??
@creator will lametric integrate with apple mfi certifications? as per recent news:  apple has now finalized and published specifications for homekit through its made-for-iphone/ipad/ipod (mfi) licensing program. the finalized specifications, which allow accessory makers to start building products that integrate ios 8’s new framework for home automation devices, come ahead of apple’s yearly mfi summit in november where it plans to brief manufacturing partners on homekit and other new ios 8 features for accessories.
@olivier dubuisson, yes, we are planning to implement the possibility to connect to wpa2 enterprise hotspots.
hi team! quick question in relation with the wireless/ethernet. my company uses wpa2 enterprise to secure the wireless. can you confirm if this type of security will be supported by lametrics?
i think dropping ethernet for this device is a good idea, it doesn't really need it. is there a chance of locating the audio output on the back along with the power? it will look quite ugly coming from the side. homekit integration would be amazing. lemetric would make an excellent status/information/warning display for networked home devices. thanks again for the updates and the excellent improvements.
i also can't open the survey page. i get: the website declined to show this webpage http 403 most likely causes: •this website requires you to log in. what you can try: go back to the previous page. more information
with your latest update, your using a dc power socket instead of micro usb for power? what voltage does your dc power socket require, and will we need yet another power adapter instead of being able to use standard usb 5v based power sockets.
@leanne, we have fixed the form, it accepts answers without google account now. could you please try again? many thanks!
your survey takes me to a google page where i have to sign in, i do not have a google account and do not want to create one. i would prefer the audio instead of the ethernet.
and this is way cheaper than the kensington lock which is ridiculously expensive especially if you have 3.
@bert, just buy a small office cabinet with locks. http://www.walmart.com/ip/2-drawer-steel-file-cabinet-with-lock-black/21098630 this one is $38. i am sure you will find stuff cheaper on ebay.
@bert, beauty requires sacrifice. :) potentially exists security belts on the market?
i guess it means that we will have to take our lametrics home in the evening. as i pledged for 3, i will probably have to buy a large bag just for that or find a way to fixed them on my desk (glue ?)  :)
@bert, @decaux, we had an idea to add kensington security slot some times ago. we tried to experiment with 3d model. unfortunately, kensington security slot makes device ugly. a lot of stylish gadgets like mac air/pro do not have this slot, we think the reason is the same. but it's nice idea for the future lametric accessories.
i hope you do answer to the questions of your backers...
"i plan to use my lametric in office. but i am a bit afraid it could be theft. will there be a kensington security slot?" +1
i plan to use my lametric in office. but i am a bit afraid it could be theft. will there be a kensington security slot?
looking forward
@bert, @dan kerschen, @abdul halim mat ali, friends, update will come tomorrow. just a lot of photos and information to share with you. thanks for your patience.
update would be nice
hey there, i was hoping for some updates too, maybe a few pictures to keep us in the loop, please. looking forward to it, thanks!
@creator. yeah.. i hope a bi-weekly or monthly update.
@abdul halim mat ali, update is coming.
@creator. any september update?
ce approval and marking is a given for a project launched in europe, with products delivered in europe. if not, they would have a big problem, i am sure that the lametric is in full compliance with the european laws.
@rainier h. and @lametric. a very good idea.
thanks for your email update :-) i am really excited to get my lametric, it is really looking awesome!! may i give some hints for the shipping to germany, since i (and some others) have recently customs issues with out kickstarter clyde lamp: - outside the package there must be an invoice stating the price of the item and - even more important - - there must be a ce marking on the device if it has to be shipped to countries in the european union. i don't have good details on how to get it, so here is a link to wikipedia explaining it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ce_marking since you are based in the uk, it would be very cool, if you could send the lametrics for european backers from the uk. hopefully this would make life for customs and backers easier. i know it is some time until delivery, i just wanted to point this out already. best regards from germany :-)
@smart atoms, thank you for the regular updates. keep 'em coming!
@benedict murray, thanks! yes, we heard about the homekit at the latest wwdc. we will definitely check it out.
hi.  congrats on doing so well from another londoner ;) small question; have you looked into the homekit stuff in ios8? could lametric take advantage of it in any way? ben
delivery before 24 december please ;-) i shall top up for express delivery if necessary :d
thanks! we did it together!
cool!!! congratulations!!!! success!!!
congrats! it so cool ^^
@creator great job guys. can't wait :)
$370,001 (i love the 0001 :))
yessssss !!!! i don't know what is the best news, that lametric is funded or that i will never have to read again a comment from conscious consumer in this page !!! nah i'm joking, i am so happy for you guys, i cannot wait to get my 3 lametrics !
many thanks to all of you!
congratz! :)
woohoo! congrats! can't wait to get this cool thing :)
congratulations! the real wait starts now..
congratulations guys, looking forward to my little display in the future :)
is there a plan for a dedicated lametric forum?
@max b., we will work on final effects to make best user experience. thanks!
@creator great! also, please change the scrolling. it doesn't need to scroll all the way to the left. it will be perfect if it stops after the last character, waits a few seconds and dismisses the text.
@max b., yes, clock will have an option without seconds.
will the clock widget be customizable too? i couldn't find any options in the simulator like disabling the seconds (i find them distracting).
@oliver thank you for doing the math for me! i'll be going with the battery lametric then.
@smart atoms thank you for your response. 1. i was thinking more like some small mounting holes on the back of the case that would allow you to 'hang' it on some screws in the wall (a bit like this http://marcoalici.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/raspberry-pi-case_09b.jpg) 2. great, thank you. 3. it sounds like there are many options. i plan on using it at home and ideally i would like it to be able to function like this: cycles through all widgets continuously (with the ability to change the timings). when a new alert(e.g. e-mail) comes in, include this in the cycle. at the end of the day the alerts are automatically expired (it would be even better if the e-mail formatting could allow for an expiry date/time or period). thanks again and keep up the good work.
@max b.: in an earlier comment they wrote that it will be a li-ion battery with about 3000 mah. the energy density of li-ion batteries is roughly 100 mah/g, so a 3000 mah one would weigh about 30 g, plus a little overhead for casing, internal cables and charging circuitry. so, basically it won't make much of a difference.
(if you don't know the numbers yet, just give me an approximation like it weighs 150% as much.)
i'm strictly against more stretch goals, especially that late in the campaign. the project is already more than 500% funded, which is a great success. and it's well deserved. congratulations!
how much weight does the battery add compared to the plug-in lametric?
@creators it looks like the project could use a boost since it has been trending down over the last few days.  maybe a nice boost from a wall mount stretch goal could unleash a nice tipping point.   http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/smartatoms/lametric-customizable-smart-ticker-for-life-and-bu/#chart-daily
@creator i suggest you offer the wall mount as a stretch goal for $400k.  include an extra long wall mount for those purchasing 2 or 3 lametrics.
@david i will work on that for sure.  thanks for the advice.
four neodymium magnets at corners should do i guess
can you make the back or the side magnetic to be able to place on metallic things and also mount on a metal frame.
@marc, @vatsal, 1. you will be able to place lametric on any wall mounted shelf. also, we are planning to offer special wall mounted shelf as accessory in our online store at later stage. 2. the feature to switch off at night is planned. 3. lametric operates with widgets. temperature, clock and other things described on the home page are widgets. lametric can operate in several modes: desk mode, shelf mode and kiosk mode. at desk mode, you can manually switch between widgets using arrow buttons. at shelf mode, widgets are switched automatically or you can do the same with arrow buttons. at kiosk mode, only one widget works and top buttons are disabled. many widget can have rules of appearance, which user can create. if rule applies, lametric automatically switches to this widget and stays for some time and then returns to the default workflow(user also can returns to the default workflow by pressing arrow buttons).
@conscious consumer i have read your blatant attacks at other projects, it's not constructive to demand things that you don't have a hand in. if you contribute to conversation, and have meaningful input, or suggestions is one thing. demanding that this or that should be done is not. the reason you feel "attacked" is because you feel like you are speaking for more then only yourself; you're not. if you curb your comments less towards demands, and more towards suggestions, more people would take you seriously. so be reasonable :)
hello @creators! @marc raises some good questions, i'd like to see them answered. thanks!
wifi chips with bt 4.0 le have to be available at this point... if this device gets all of this with ipv6 and an html5 interface / rest api, it'll be so awesome! :)
i am reasonable. i am also someone who is taking advantage of my backer status. you guys can sit passively and let the founders steer you whatever way they want. while you feed them with compliments. i personally will put light on anything i see that could be done better on a project, as well as speaking my opinion about the product when i want to. it seems like you guys are attacking me, another backer where i am not directing any of my comments towards you personally only the product.  if you can't deal with my comments ignore them or don't go on the comment board.  all in all i like to exercise constructive criticism. and  push campaign to be their best. and like i said before i fully back 90% of my projects.   just because i don't conform to the culture of the comment board doesn't mean you guys need to start attacking me like cultish zombies. have a good day everyone.
@conscious, the nature of technology is the fact that it changes and improves rapidly. a tv i buy now has less features than the one 1 year down the line. but as a manufacturer if i keep adding features i'll never make it to market and as a consumer if i keep waiting for all the features i want i won't be able to buy. i am sure there will be others who will try to stand on the shoulders of this campaign. so you should really decide if all rgb led is a must. if it is you should really wait for the next thing.
@conscious consumer i'm at odds with you, at times you seem sensible and reasonable; then others you stand on a soap box to schill your opinions as if they are the mass audience and you are their preacher. accept the product for what it is, be thankful for it, and move onto your next kickstarted product you backed. don't incite wars just to anger people, that's no fun man. comments are meant for discussing the product and it's features not for saying what you want or what you would feel would be better. just saying man, you're purchasing an ideal here, not something off walmart shelf's. still a great product and full rgb led's would be nice but not plausible for their price structure, also hard to find them on the cheap. so i am excited and can't wait till january. thanks guys,
my two cents. @cc is a troll. your on several projects & have stated you are only a $1-$5 backer.
@ conscious consumer:why should i keep my opinion to myself? you're not doing that either. and at least i'm not repeating myself half a dozen times. repetition doesn't make a point stronger, quite the opposite.
see*
@abdul i wait because i don't always want to jump to conclusions about a campaign and it's founders. the end of the campaign is where your able to the blue print of their project and sales plan/rollout clearly. once you can make more of an educated comment.
my philosophy is never compromise on quality. these developers know they could produce an even better product then the one they have? and i feel like it would be worth exercising patience in order to get it. and when it comes to price, i'm willing to spend a bit more personally to know that there won't be the one i already know should be made being delayed purposely to fit a rollout agenda rooted in profit not excellence and fear that a product will reach it's pinnacle to early. i ask the hard questions because nobody else wants to.
@creators thanks for the infos!
@oliver tend your own garden. this is just my personal opinion as i have said before. if your taking it personal then that's your decision. nothing personal. just honesty here. if you don't agree with me keep it to yourself.
not trying to attack @conscious consumer but i am wondering why most naysayers start commenting most on the last 3 days of the campaign. this happen to odin as well as liquidoff campaign.
i think this is an excellent project. sure, there are many things you could improve but it would make it more expensive or we'd have to wait longer. i think smart atoms are being very sensible here. i'd like to see some way to wall mount lametric. are there any plans for this? it would be nice if you could set a schedule so the display could be switched off at night and alerts muted. if the unit receives an alert, how long does it display for? does it still cycle through the clock and weather as well as the alert? does the alert have to be dismissed manually or does it expire?
several clarification about the vision: 1. we think that bluetooth adds a lot of value to the lametric. we will try to insert it in the first version. from the functionality point of view, first of all, we are focused on the main and stretch goal functionalities. when this is finished we will move to reach vision goals(including wide bluetooth functionality) as described in the last update. 2. we do not set the goal to make a swiss knife from lametric, we want to make solid and best in class device: it's connected display with bluetooth speaker functionality. we would like to deliver you best user experience, this includes not only the device itself, you will get awesome apps, customization possibilities, api. ten full-time engineers are working hard to reach this. thanks for your support!
@ "conscious consumer": you can stop repeating your points over and over again. if you look at the counter to your right, you'll see that the pledge level is still increasing, despite your non-sensical comments that almost sound like they come from a competitor. you claimed repeatedly that an ipad would be much better. that's ridiculous, and you know it. an ipad is a completely different form factor (and different price level) and has a different target audience. i would *never* buy an ipad for the usage that i have in mind for a lametric, and i guess that's true for all of the backers. the creators have reached three stretch goals so far (not counting bluetooth), which is more than average on kickstarter. also, the responsiveness to comments is *way* above average (and the answers are *useful*, not just marketing talk). the documentation and updates of the campaign are also excellent, with detailed technical information, videos and so on. this is definitely one of the best kickstarter campaigns. right now i'm to considering to increase my pledge to include one or two additional devices.
@emc2cube, answering on your questions: 1. at the moment we've selected white leds in smd3014 size, rgb leds in smd0603 size. 2. we can not use only rgb leds because in such case we can not reach ideal white color and it will have very bad impact on the device's design.  please review our story where we described these moments - www.hackthings.com/lametric-story-build-a-look-and-feel-prototype-before-the-crowdfunding-campaign/ 3. among led suppliers the amount of our leds are not the reason to serious discounts.  they give some discount starting from several millions of leds. 4. additionally to pcb and drivers design procedures, you should also take into account increasing number and cost of led drivers and pcb production (more nodes)
@hector if you look at that clock to your right.  theres only 33 hours left.  they have won the game.  without having to make any technical moves to the lametric.  the bluetooth addition was a strategic move to deceive the backers into thinking there getting a receptive founders team.  but in reality they went with the cheap led's to make a quick buck.  other than for a cross fit gym owner, this thing will have a maybe a year relevancy then something more useful, programable, and stylish will come out that doesn't look like gas price sign at chevrons.
bluetooth is only any good for sound features. wifi is much more useful and standard for networking features. plus bluetooth is much shorter range and not common for home automation integration.
some of the devices won't be using a battery at all... so that argument doesn't fly there. what's the estimated cost?  it is kinda late in the game for this but i think a survey would have been warranted to gauge whether or not people would be a)willing to wait a little longer and b) willing to pay ___ dollars more for the unit with full rgb leds.
bt is a great idea. i hope you can include it in the first version of lametric.  maybe you should think about a functionality to also receive and show notifications from a smartphone which is connect via bt.  would be great to see notifications e.g. from whatsapp or some games on lametric as on my smartwatch.
@creators: thanks for being very considerate about what requests to grant and where to draw the line. too many projects are ways late because they overpromise or are overly optimistic about the timeline. so keep up the good work and don't get discouraged by backers jumping off the wagon in the last moment!
@creators (2), please consider bluetooth 4.0 le, especially for battery version of lametric.
@creators, after update #8, i believe it would be great to insert an external jack for redirecting audio to an external source: thanks to this feature, lametric would also be a device able to make any hi-fi stereo a bluetooth enabled device.
@creator:  thanks for confirming! if there was a stretch goal for full rgb leds, i would cancel my pledge. bluetooth is another story ...  i won't need it, but bluetooth chips are less than $1, so i guess it wouldn't hurt.
@creators thanks for looking at boblight support   :) i agree with you, i looked for 3528 form factor leds, and are not as small as the one you use, so price may indeed differ. also to buffer this my $12 increase was not accounting for the ~$5 economy made by not purchasing the white leds. and i'm sure that with more than 2000 orders you can probably get a nice discount too. for battery usage, well yes it may, or not. i can't remember if you already gave us some specifications about these leds, and the white ones, do you have a link to their data sheet? but once again pcb and driver design would be another story, and would probably lead to delays too.
@creator and bluetooth is a standard feature these days, that should have always been apart of the original design. not used as a price hurdle to rationalize not going full rgbw.  if i'm going with led i want the best and smallest lights out there!
obsolete*
"we are not going to make full rgbw led screen in this version of lametric" its hard to know i'm buying a product when i know there is another that could be done even better by that company and they even admit it. i think it's wasteful for our environment, and for our wallets.  especially on a project that will literally be absolute in less than a year. i don't think anyone wants to have a basketball scoreboard  sitting in there house 24/7 a day. i am 99% out of this project. this group of founders are closed minded, and seem pretty profit oriented.
"we are not going to make full rgbw led screen in this version of lametric" its hard to know i'm buying a product when i know there is another that could be done even better by that company and they even admit it. i think it's wasteful for our environment, and for our wallets.  especially on a project that will literally be absolute in less than a year. i don't think anyone wants to have a basketball scoreboard  sitting in there house 24/7 a day. i am 99% out of this project. this group of founders are closed minded, and seem pretty profit oriented.
@emc2cube, we will investigate boblight support and answer a bit later. thanks.
@david kinsler, thanks for the questions. 1. lametric's pcbs including screen are going to be produced by smt machines. 2. rgb leds (8*8 icon at the left) are able to display icons in color. white leds(37*8 across the whole width) are able to display in grayscale (please take a look on the chart in the kickstarter video)
@creator for your led's did you guys individually put them in for your first batch, and the for the large batch of a bundled order, will they be warehouse machine made? because the colors do change on the device, so are people asking for full rgb spectrum across the whole device, or what parts are rgb in the current design vs whats not. just trying to gauge all these questions and their relevance to this project. thanks for any answers. i will clarify if needed.
guys, thanks for the ideas. we are not going to make full rgbw led screen in this version of lametric taking into account several factors: - it will decrease the battery life  - it will increase the price of lametric significantly, @emc2cube you've written the price for the big size leds that are not suitable for lametric. prices for smaller leds are higher. additionally to the leds it also increases the cost of led drivers and pcba. the current prices of the device simply can not afford this - it's not critical and not needed for the concept and functionality of the device instead, we will try to include bluetooth in the first version of lametric as described in the vision goals.
@bert, we gave comments 2 days ago. smart atoms team is working hard on the product. potentially kickstarter shows the date of the login procedure without taking into account visits. :)
smart atoms, last login, 25th of july! it's the first i see a ks project creator that "unconnected" in the final days of his/her project !
@conscious consumer you are not sharing your opinion you are actually repeating it  :) @creator, could you please answer your backers about  the "full rgbw  led" questions & requests ? thanks.
@ conscious consumer. you mean display rss feed with such big font on ipad? btw, i am android user, so i prefer to use android tablet. not ipad.
@abdul i just thought sharing my personal opinion on this thing might help others in the process of deciding to back or not.  your right that this product is nice.  but i am sure there is an app in development or on its way that will allow your ipad to function in the same, as this ticker.  if you want the fun of a led ticker, with the shape and all then this is the one.  but if your looking for functionality and are not in any rush to get this thing.  im sure the ipad will have apps if not already, then soon.
@conscious consumer. if you can find similar device with similar width(exclude tablet, pc or smartphone) to display rss feed with such font, that will be awesome.
@conscious consumer. i can't afford another tablet just to be placed on the stand. lametric has its purpose.
@oliver based on rgbw led strip price, without high volume discount, 300 rgbw are ~$12. so not a huge price increase. of course it would need a redesign of the led board, driver etc. these are more valid concerns than price itself. at this point, it is also interesting to start thinking of a low resolution lcd screen used to display big pixels. i'm still interested to see more videos of the device working, i think we were promised a demo of multiple units chained together. oh and on a personal note i would love a word from @creators about boblight support   ;)
@david kinsler see the comments i made to @david adams.
@asterix i am all about quality and sustainability when it comes to products.  after watching the video a few times i really had a hard time believing that this product in it's current capacity would be relevant a year from now. put your ipad on a stand and it can play out any of these functions. i was an early backer so it will be a last minute decision. still hoping they actually make some spec increases that matter. the bluetooth should obviously be standard. they haven't done anything outside there in ritual design they came here with.
@r. adams i'm just an active user of this site, who has a passion for crowd funding. i don't understand why your jumping to assumptions and calling me names. but that's not my problem. i actually have only one dollar back right now. and believe it or not i own two companies and i'm not even past my mid twenties.  when it comes to my posts i look to challenge founders and advocate for backer interaction in the process of developing campaigns. that is the reason i participate on this site.  i see a trend of people using this just for the exposure, not ever considering the experience of the user and the excitement of stretch goals.
you guys are aware how much high-quality (!) rgb leds cost, even in high volumes? for a full rgb display, another 232 of them would be required, in addition to the 64 that are already there. smart atoms would be crazy to do this at the lametric's current price. they'd go bankrupt before sending out any rewards. so, please stop asking for a full rgb display.
@r.adams i couldn't have said it better myself. i'm excited about the led's i think they work very well with what the creators are trying to make. they stated they needed no more stretch goals so they could finish the project, and even introduced vision goals which other kickstarters should implement because it doesn't change a project scope.
i like that they don't have much stretch goals.  i pledged for what was shown in the video and that's what i expect to receive; stretch goals muddy the project and cause delays. @conscious -- you seem like the guy who only pledges a dollar to every campaign just to complain and get attention like a petulant child.  if you're so convinced that this project will be 'obsolete,' why don't you pull your dollar pledge (i'm sure they won't miss it), go outside, get some fresh air, and play some ball on the freeway.  better yet, you come up with a kickstarter.  i'd love to see what your brilliant mind comes up with.
i could not find any answer from smart atoms about all the "full rgb leds" requests... did i miss an answer somewhere ? if yes, i would appreciate if someone could give me a link. thanks
@conscious, i love the fact that they don't have any more stretch goals. it shows that they don't let scope creep happen and miss deadlines. it means that they are serious about delivery of the product.
@conscious you are just a troll, pledging a dollar on kickstarters. go back to your hole, and stop knocking every project. great job guys.
hi, i do support all backers that want to the full leds screen and one of my request was to be able to get it before xmas time. this will be a good gift.  sorry but those two requests have nothing to do with vision goals. i hope within 3 days you guys will look into it.
when i say leds i should have specified  full rgbw leds!
and don't tell me to go check the "vision goals" on the main page.  as those were a total copout of you guys not working to make this product into something that won't just become obsolete within the year.  you still have 3 day to make something happen!
curious why there weren't anymore stretch goals for the last $100,000 + in sales?  not even giving backers there own backlight?  i wouldn't be surprise if people pinched themselves and realized that there ipads could play out all of the functions of this device all in led.  im really gonna take some inventory now that these guys showed no love at all coming down the end stretch.  in a year from now all of this ticker business will be obsolete in my opinion.  i hope they surprise us with a led upgrade last minute.
@underhund, check update 5
it looks fantastic! would it be possible to ship the unit with an angled micro-usb connector, so the cord won't be pointing right out from the device?
@creator thanks you guys!!! just awesome!!!!!
joao quaresma, unfortunately, technically we can not increase the amount of ebs after they gone, also, we planned 700 as the maximum amount of ebs. but in your case we can make an exception. if you want battery-operated additionally to the plug-in version you can change your pledge to life and business set eb. if you want replace with battery-operated, please contact us.
@yolo, unfortunately, technically we can not increase the amount of ebs after they gone, also, we planned 700 as the maximum amount of ebs. but in your case we can make an exception.
@abdul halim mat ali, lametric is the standalone device and requires a smartphone only for configuration. so facebook notifications will work without smartphone.
well... a lot of ks campaigns do that... since we are helping them to launch their product... it was a request... not an order..... and if you notice, i did get a eb just not the version i am after.....
the idea of the early bird and super early is that they are limited to those numbers. otherwise that would  defeat the purpose of having that pledge level!! it's like you asking a company that makes a limited edition. to not make it a limited edition ??
@creator as yolo mention, some eb battery edition or even better some seb, would be a joy.
@creator i backed the without battery version eb and was hoping to get the battery edition but seems like its completely gone... since the funding goal has been reached... would it be possible to release or increase some more eb for battery edition??
@abdul, lametric has wifi and it will be able to display the notification of your give permission. lametric is not connected to your phone except during installation
@creator.  do lametric need to be connected to the phone to receive facebook notification?
i intend to give one of my 3 lametrics to my wife, to be used as some sort of a more useful karotz at her office. she will not have to right to wi-fi connect her lametric at her office. bt is the only scenario that will not deplete her phone battery in a few hours. i really really like the directions smartatoms are taking. i do hope that we will get bt in our rewards.
@rohan, lametric, charger and micro usb cable will be included in the box. input voltage is 5v. you can connect an external battery with described parameters to lametric via micro usb.
@emc2cube, it's awesome that you share our vision. we are doing all possible to include bluetooth in the first version of lametric.
@matthew helland, all three lametric should be plugged in.
i am not sure if this has been answered before, but what would be included in the box ?  the lametric itself and power cables/connectors ?  what is the input voltage to the lametric ? can it run off an external battery providing 5v 2a ?
i do like the fact that a bluetooth module may be included. with firmware updates it may add so many more uses. yes we can use lametric as a speaker, but we may also use bluetooth so it will use another speaker instead of the internal one. on the battery version, outside without wifi available, it can be used to communicate with the phone instead of having to create a wifi access point (extend battery life). it can detect if a phone is paired and can be setup to go to sleep if no one is around, or other things as long the firmware can be updated. @creators will you be able to tell us before the end of the campaign if there will be such module, or if it will only be for a lametric v2?
sorry if this has been covered before, but i couldn't find an answer. if i purchased 3 la metrics and plan to connect them to be one long unit, will all three need to be plugged in or would just one plugged in and the other two receive power from the first?
@bert, @shez, please check the "vision goals" on the main page. update is coming to all backers today.
any chance of getting it just before xmas ? :))
"but we are also thinking to add bluetooth into the device" that would be an excellent news !
@emc2cube, @dave wood, @oliver, lametric will have ce and fcc certification. regarding stretch goals we decided do not add new stretch goals connected to the amount of funding, and our main focus now is to deliver to you the best gadget ever with awesome user experience. but your comments expanded our vision further and we are going to make the vision update this week so you understand better what lametric is going to be in the near future after the main functionality released("vision goals").
@max b,  @mark swift, @shez, @kevin cheung thanks for the comments. the shipping cost is average across the whole world, some countries are cheaper, some countries are more expensive. in case we manage to do it cheaper we will give our backers discount in the online store.
@ creator: i assume that the lametric will have a "ce" marking and conformance statement, right? german customs often intercept shipments that don't have the "ce" stuff and return them, without even informing the recipient. and one other thing ... please no more stretch goals. the lametric is a very cool device as-is. i've seen several other kickstarter projects that were successfully funded but failed in the end to deliver anything (or only with huge delays) because the creators tried to add too many features in order to attract more backers. please don't be tempted to do that. you're already at 500% of your goal.
9 days to go lets have some stretch goals! think big but aim to deliver the core functions on time. adding extras post launch is a must but use stretch goals to fund that future development. smtp traps alerts - adds business use web metric alerts
@creators hey guys less than 10 days to go. any more stretch goals, announcements or just updates coming? any thoughts about boblight support? i see you are thinking of bluetooth, that could be great, but please don't forget to consider to move the board to full rgbw leds   :)
@smaer atomes thanks for the shipping information. if the product is ship from china, the those from china or hong kong should has a cheaper shipping cost. i usually pay less than 10usd for shipping from china. kevin
+1  for stock holding in london, uk :)
@creator thanks for the explanation, that makes some sense. i guess i'm concerned at the $45 dollar shipping cost for what will most likely be a fairly small parcel - i regularly order from china and never pay more for $20 for registered airmail for example. one last question, any method to avoid unnecessary customs charges would be most appreciated ;-)
@smart atoms in case you send to uk backers from london, please consider backers in rest of europe and send to them from london too. thanks!
@marcus knopp, @tim willis, tim willis is right. outdoor features like timers will work via peer to peer wifi connection. but we are also thinking to add bluetooth into the device.
@mark swift, lametrics are going to be produced in china. it means that shipping is involved to any country. but, fortunately for us backers our potential partner agreed to cover shipping cost to us by himself in order to become an official distributor. he will ship all lametrics to the usa in a bulk so the shipping cost per item will be much cheaper. for others – we will send separate packages right from china.  in a case if we will have enough pre-orders from uk we will probably do the same scheme. we will ship the large amount of lametrics to the london and will send directly to our customers from there. if this happens – shipping cost will be lower and we will cover the difference by giving our uk backers discount in our online store. thanks for the idea of homey integration. we will take it into consideration.
am i the only one surprised at the lack of feedback the last few days?
@marcus - hopefully, at a minimum it will be able to do an ad hoc wifi connection for times when it's outside a wifi network, but i agree a bluetooth low energy connection would make more sense and feel it could open it up to more possibilities.
please add bluetooth!!! as crossfit wod timer outside there is no wifi!! thanks
just backed the life and business set. couldn't resist. this is a wicked product guys and will tie perfectly into my home automation project! two things though, one, being based in the uk i'm slightly miffed that you're shipping foc within the usa and charging uk backers $45.... second, can you please consider integration with homey, it's also a kickstarter and is set to be amazing (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/athom/homey-the-living-room-talk-to-your-home). thanks guys, mark (london)
thank you and i understand ios and android as go to market i am just reminding companies about windows phone for the future. this could tie in really well with cortana as well on windows phone.
@adrian rogers, it's great you love our updates! at the beginning our main focus is ios and android. potentially in the future we will support windows phone.
@o.yl, lametric has smart power management, so you can keep plug connected, it has not impact on the durability of the battery.
@abdul halim mat ali, great that you love the simulator, we put a lot of effort in it. you will be able to setup amount of iterations you can see the notification. but we will think additionally about scroll management.
hello awesome to see ninja sphere and lightpack integration. any chance of windows phone 8/8.1 support in the future?
been asking for same thing as well with full led +1
are there any plans or stretch goals to make whole screen with color leds?
hi! i'm going for the lametric w/battery but i want to know if keeping it plugged nearly all the time will be ok.
@smart atoms interesting update 7. will you also support the open source boblight protocol? between original boblight installations, and people using it through the adafruit "adalight" projects, the user impact could be greatly increased. (and i can use it  :p  ) i bet a lot of lametric users also have a raspberry pi laying around, and installing boblight and a few leds on the gpio pins is such a simple thing that everyone could add it somewhere to have notifications lights.
@creator thank you for the answer
@creator. i have just play around with the simulator.. looks cool.  can you advise if we can scroll back in case we miss reading the words?
@kane harrison, online store at lametric.com is going to sell lametrics and accessories to the gadget.
"in case if we will have enough pre-orders from uk we will probably do the same scheme. we will ship large amount of lametrics to the london and will send directly to our customers from there. if this happens – shipping cost will be lower and we will cover the difference by giving our uk backers discount in our online store." online store selling what. are we going to have to pay for updates and/or new features?
@nitrosamin l, @oliver's comment answers the security question.
@anthony laurence, lametric will have rest api methods. it means you can call them from any language.
@ nitrosamin l: in one of the comments they wrote that they use wifi encryption (wpa, i guess); this is standard for wifi devices nowadays anyway. so, security shouldn't be an issue. and i don't think that smart atoms will collect any of the displayed data, simply because the lametric even works offline within a private network, i.e. without internet uplink. in other words, it doesn't connect to any outside server.  unless, of course, you configure it to connect to ifttt or similar services, in this case it will have to connect to the ifttt servers (but they don't belong to smart atoms).
how secure lametric will be? who/what else is reading / analyzing / getting the mails i push to the display? how long the messages will be stored? will smart atoms do profiling based on the data sent to displays? and in which way smart atoms will collect and use customers' data?
will you have more goal when pledge more than 250k ?
hi all, i did not find the answer on the main page so i ask here. in which language will be the api?
wondering it is practical to display rss feeds and facebook notification for lametric. mmm.
i plan to use lametric for home automation status displays. i would imagine you want to put your display in a loop for easier reading. that way long words might be easier to read by the 3rd or 4th pass.
@abdul, lametric has a buffer for storing incoming messages and i don't know if they have a way for resolving race condition.
i would also like to know the use case of lametric from my fellow backers. especially asterix who frequent this comment section. i would most likely use it for rss feed, facebook and gmail notification. i am more concerned on the practicality of lametric especially when it is showing long words. what do fellow backers think? the use case and the long words?  i am not interested in getting the 2nd lametric as i prefer to get the 1st one working first.
@creator. thanks for the video. can i scroll back if i miss some of the words? also what will happen if you receive 2 rss feed at the same time?
someone should write the flappy bird game using iphone as the controller using wifi
@bert, this feature is not among priority list. but good idea for the future.
@chris bartley, api will be on the level of individual pixels. you will be able to output whatever you like.
did not get an answer, let me try again. would it be possible (with a bit of software magic) to get stereo using the 2 speakers from 2 lametric if used together ? the 2 lametric would connect to the same radio station and together output stereo ? that would be nice and push people to pledge for sets :)
sorry if this is already answered somewhere... how low level will the api be?  that is, will i be able to control individual pixels?  i can imagine situations where i'd want the white led portion to display things other than text or a graph, so i'll want the api to essentially have methods such as: setpixel(x, y, brightness)    // for white pixels setpixel(x,y,r,g,b)                // for rgb pixels from such low-level methods you could easily imagine creating new animations such as text that fades in/out, items that slide up from the bottom, etc. thanks!
great!
@asterix, @oliver, oliver is right. heat dissipation is not really big.
@creator will it be possible to have stereo (radio) if i use 2 lametric together ? that would be nice and push people to pledge for sets :)
@abdul halim mat ali, yes, you will be able to add custom rss feed url. we are going to prepare the video with 10+ words a bit later.
meinaart van straalen, thanks, we will be happy to contact you for feedback regarding api.
@ asterix: the power supply is supposed to be 2-2.5a at 5v, so the heat dissipation should be the equivalent of about 10-12w if all leds are lit at the same time at maximum brightness. that's not really much.
any idea of how much heat dissipation occurs due to the extreme number if leds in a small space?
@creator.  is there a video that showing 10 or more words scrolling for a standalone lametric?  also, can we add custom rss feed url?
@smart atoms: if you need feedback just contact me. i have extensive experience with using and creating of api's. i am planning on integrating lametric with micasaverde's home automation system vera. i have created other plugins for that system as well (integrating a power usage meter and pioneer receivers). i think that would be an excellent combination. although i might opt for integrating iftt with vera.
@christopher currie, at the beginning we are going to have the list of radio stations and ability to add own station. after this we are going to extend radio functionality and spotify is a nice idea for this.
@meinaart van straalen, nice ideas! our main priority is to make as simple as possible for any developer to output information from any systems.  at the beginning we are going to have the list of radio stations and ability to add own station. after this we are going to extend radio functionality and spotify is a nice idea for this.
@jamie, lametrics are not connected physically, they should be placed side by side. each of the unit should be plugged in independently(please check out "burrow" solution in our updates for more information ).
@bert, thanks for your support! you will be able to use lametric to wake up with the chime, and we are planning to make it possible wake up with radio either.
@christopher: play spotify or display information on which song is playing on your pc?
can this be connected to spotify?
it would be awesome if you guys would make the api documentation available asap. can't wait to start developing :). a suggestion; make it possible to develop simple web widgets. a user would just need to cut & paste a url of a feed that returns text, (url of) notification sound, (animated) icon and an update interval in json format. this would make widget development accesible for a wide range of developers. being able to design the icon animation with the simulator and copying it to this feed would be awesome. would it be possible to read out the internal light sensor via the api? i can hardly wait till january ;).
when i say against rules i haven't seen it written but was told by other @creators.
@bert, it's against ks rules to offer multiples at the lowest priced eb pledges. usually they say the second one onwards should be at regular price.
if you get more  then one can the fit together neatly  ie clip so the don't slide around at a slight bump?  can one power source be used and they chain neatly together? (this would mean usb power in and out - so if you had 1 then you could maybe power / charge you phone off of it?)
also, i want to use the one with the battery as very very intelligent bedside clock , and wake up with the radio or a chime, will this be possible ?
thanks mr atoms, one of my most expensive pledge ever ($428), hope that it will be worth it :) just a quick question, if someone has a super early bird ($89) and wants another, he/she just have to add another $89 to his/her pledge ?
@bert, to buy 3 unmixed lametrics please select one of the dashboard sets. if you would like to add plug-in to your l&b set you need increase your pledge by $119 and change the delivery from $45 to $60. yes, we will do the survey later to prepare a document with orders.
hi, i would like to add a lametric (no battery) to my early brid & business set. what am i supposed to do ? add a $89 and change delivery from $45 to $60 ? how will you know that i want a third lametric ? survey ? thanks
@joe gaucher, at the beginning lametric will support ios and android.
what mobile platforms will be supported?
wow ! it so cool ! ( stereo audio, portable speaker.....)
full color screen would be a nice stretch.
how about a nice little led uhd,  a little tv as screen ;)  so instead of little square, it will be proper image on screen. might be an idea for a stretch goal
bluetooth as a stretch goal would be so cool... imagine which features could be enabled in the future by firmware updates adding support for certain bluetooth profiles: playing music directly / music controls like play/pause, previous/next track / now playing information, caller id, messages, notifications (e.g. on ios via ancs), even turning off the display to save power when the phone gets out of range etc. even more possibilities...
@nigel j, thanks for the tip, we've just pushed the update.
@keith lamprecht, thanks for the idea!
@ smart atoms - it would be sensible to issue an update stating what stretch goals have been met and that there are new rewards available. typically only a small proportion of users bother to regularly check comments.
implementing bluetooth so that you can play music to the speaker and display what is playing would be a good stretch goal!
@abdul halim mat ali,  life and business set and dashboard rewards were designed with discount in mind.
@grant,  @gene petrone,  @kevene l. harris,  @oliver, @hj hsu, @abdul halim mat ali, thanks guys and all backers! you made it! we crushed all stretch goals! we are thinking about new goals right now. stay tuned for updates.
@kevene l. harris,  you can select life and business set that includes one battery-operated lametric and one plug-in lametric. if you would like to buy 3 lametrics, please select dashboard rewards. if you want 2 plug-in or battery-operated lametrics, please double your pledge together with shipment.
will you have more goal when pledge over 250k ?
@creator. any chance of getting the 2nd/3rd lametric at a discounted price?
@ kevene l. harris: just click on "manage your pledge" on the right (blue button), then adjust pledge amount and/or reward selection.
nice! any further stretch goals your considering? :d
yes $250k!
nice work guys!!!
what is the correct way to add to your pledge? it see we are going to hit $250k!
@asterix, lametric requires wifi or ethernet connection to work correctly.
@jacy birtolo, lametric will have one speaker(mono). here is the datasheet of the speaker we are testing right now - https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b1hh734vnstiuv9yvlj2d3dpums/edit….  the sound quality is pretty good. we also are going to test other speakers to get the best sound quality. at the beginning we are going to have the list of radio stations and ability to add own station. after this we are going to extend radio functionality.
@gene petrone, thanks to all backers! we are very close. if we reach $250k goal – you will be able to build dashboards with lametrics that will be in sync and act like a single device(software feature). to get this feature you need to have several lametrics.
@max b., lametric doesn't have bluetooth 4.0. lametric has wifi and is positioned as standalone device rather than accessory to the smartphone.
could you please explain how the radio feature will work.  does the device have speakers?  if so, how good will they be?
@röschtiman, yes, it will be possible.
we are getting close! i've been wanting a longer smart display like this for awhile.
does it have bluetooth 4.0? if not i suggest adding it as a stretch goal to receive notifications like call and sms from an iphone.
hi, i signed up for the early bird rewards, and would like to know if i need 4 more screens once we unlock the 250k goal, how would i have to increase my pledge by? thanks
@smart atoms will it be possible to use it as an alarm clock? (i thougt there was is a speaker in there..isn't it?)
so what happens when there is no wifi? can the access point mode kick in and use the lametric app in the smart phone to display ?
@asterix, lametric will work as an access point at the beginning of the setup process. we are thinking to make setup similar to approach used in chromecast. but for work mode lametric requires wifi or ethernet.
@emc2cube, nice idea about bridge! potentially could be a nice function in the future.
@enrico c., we were thinking to control volume via touch interface on the top of lametric.
awesome idea!  i know it allows you to stream stock prices but could you also have it stream commodity futures?!!
@henri hinkel, @oliver, thanks for the ideas! the vision is to make lametric as the best stylish and hackable(incl. api) connected display in the world. so we do not want to overload lametric with the sensors and make swiss army knife from it. we think temperature and noise sensors are something that people can get from smart home solutions or a piece of hardware advised by @oliver.
yeah didn't mean a router. just an access point.
for temperature sensors and other nifty things, look at the "mcthings" kickstarter project: http://kck.st/1lkmj9z these are tiny little bluetooth sensors ("mcmodules") that can be accessed via a small bluetooth-to-wlan bridge (they call it "mcrouter"). with a little bit of scripting, these can be easily connected with the lametric.
is it possible to insert a toggle button to enable/disable mute?
@smart atoms not sure about the router function to be honest, everyone already have one. i could eventually see an use for a bridge wifi -> ethernet function to plug o ninjablocks, raspberry pi or other on it. but even that meh. @henri idea could also be fun, to display temperature and humidity from an internal dht22, or a light sensor that could adapt leds brightness to ambiant light in an auto mode?
great product, good job! some sensors would be great, like an temperature sensor or a nois sensor (eg equalizer animation). will it be possible to get direct access to the leds (as a developer) to use it as a "display"?
@brett levy, you need plug in each of the them.
@asterix, @emc2cube, @grant we thought about the idea to use lametric as wi-fi router. potentially it could be one of the future features. also thanks for the awesome ideas! we will definitely keep them in mind.
@jason white, our plan is to implement the features described on the kickstarter page as first priority, afterwards we and other developers will add new functionality using api. regarding the scores, it'll be possible to output final scores from espn via ifttt. lametric is going to support ifttt.
@kevin verhaege, thanks for your support! at the beginning we are going to have the list of radio stations and ability to add own station. after this we are going to extend radio functionality.
will we be able to boost or order qty by increasing the pledge amount?
@grant, yes, poe as well. i didn't even notice that it had a ethernet port until the update today.  i am sure there is going to be more recommendations and a poll would be awesome
sorry asterix, dang auto-correct
@asterick it has ethernet. i would like poe as stretch goal next
you say the screen brightness can be configured manually.  can this be done via the api?  i just thought it might be useful to be able to make alert messages especially bright.
@asterix kicktraq predict a trending around $700k for now so i hope it leave some room for nice stretch goals. i would also love a change to a full rgb + pure white pixels and some improvements on the audio part  :) aluminium body would be awesome too, but i guess that it may be a problem in term of cable routing.
if i get the double version (1 battery and 1 plug in), will i be able to connect them together and use the plug in to power both?
also i  sure you are going to hit 500k for that can i suggest  full rgb + pure white pixels waterproofing dual speakers wireless charging plate accessory aluminium, titanium, carbon fibre and multi colored housing. laser engraving
can lametric be used as an access point when there's no wifi connection. then it can use the cell phones 3g/4g connection to connect to the web this helps in places where there's no wifi network.
have you tried to run live sports scores by rss feed to mimic a sports ticker?
can i use it to play my spotify songs ?
just backed , can't wait to have it! grtz from belgium
@asterix, plug-in version doesn't have charging module. it won't be possible to make an upgrade. but potentially you will be able to use an external battery.
@ceators, does the non-battery version have the battery charging module if i have change of heart and decide to add a battery inside? or can you, at an additional charge, be able to send me an upgrade package to upgrade my plug only to a battery lametric
@abdul halim mat ali, we are going to send the correct plug for each country.
@enrico c., thanks for the ideas. according to the vision we would like to keep lametric focused on displaying metrics, statuses, notifications. but we will definitely investigate the extensions.
@randy walters, facebook login is needed only for facebook related functionality. for other widgets and customisations facebook login is not needed. facebook login is also not required at lametric simulator(it's optional when you create the widget).
@nicolas himbert, thanks to all backers! hopefully, we will reach the last one that makes magic with several lametrics.
@oliver, lametric has smart power management, so you can keep plug connected, it has not impact on the durability of the battery. based on this there are no need to remove the battery when lametric is used stationary. the battery can be replaced by the user if you have a bit of hack skills.
@florin van slingerland, thanks for idea. we will definitely investigate different options.
@creator.  are you providing uk based 3 pin plug?
i suggest some extensions which would be great: 1. output jack to forward sound/music to another device 2. airplay support to receive music from airplay compatible devices
hi - lametric looks great; i just became a backer. i just want to make sure that it won't be necessary to have a facebook account to log on and customize the lametric. i noticed it was in order to use your simulator; facebook is really a deal breaker for me. i refuse to give the bastards my info! thanks.
@creator: thank you for reply. hope you will have enough backers from uk or, as @florin suggested, from eu (if you are happy with it, definitely eu backers will be)!
stretch goal #3 so fast !!! so happy for the radio. next step go...
@ smart atoms: thank you for the detailed answers. much appreciated. i've got one more question, though.  :-) in the battery version of the lametric, can the battery be removed or replaced by the user? i mean, it's probably better for the durability of the battery to not keep it connected to the charging circuitry when the lametric is used stationary for a longer period.
related to michal's question. can you please ship all eu orders from londen? it will save us the import duties and it's probably cheaper for you guys
@oliver, 1. yes, power-plugs will be suitable for continental europe. we are going to send the correct plug for each country. 2. yes, battery option can be used stationary with power permanently attached.  3. plug adapter will have 2-2.5a and 5v, lametric will consume not more than such adapter allows. 4. lametric has internal web server running directly on the device and will have locally accessible api at launch. it means developers will be able to connect lametric with any system they like.
@emc2cube, lametric will have one speaker(mono), and won't have 3.5mm jack. here is the datasheet of the speaker we are testing right now - https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b1hh734vnstiuv9yvlj2d3dpums/edit….  the sound quality is pretty good. we also are going to test other speakers to get the best sound quality.
@michal, we've added your question to faq, please check it out. thanks!
@matthew levesque, battery version comes with the adapter to plug-in.
@asterix, yes, but it will work in limited mode, with low brightness.
@kevene l. harris, thanks, awesome backers did it!
@charles c., thanks! we are going to send the correct plug for each country.
@ smart atoms: i've got four questions ... 1. will the power-plugs be suitable for continental europe, e.g. germany? 2. can the battery version also be used stationary with power permanently attached? i'm asking because i'm interested in the "life&business set", but actually what i need is two plug-in lametrics, not one plug-in and one battery version. 3. what is the power rating, i.e. how much watt does it consume, typically? 4. i'm a programmer myself (python, c and others), so i'm particuarly interested in this: will i be able to control the lametric completely by sending http commands to it? will this work completely stand-alone, i.e. within a private network without internet connectivity? (i'm not interested in ifttt, rss feeds, twitter or anything like that.)
181k, radio!  \o/ that will be awesome  :) @smart atoms could we have a few technical details about the speaker to have an idea of the sound quality? db output, frequency response, etc. will it be mono or stereo? is there also a 3.5mm jack (or other output format) to plug external speakers?
you are based in london, uk - any chance for free shipping in uk? (it's not just shipping but also customs, tax, etc). thanks in advance
yay! 170k!
@matthew, i believe it does.
this may sound like a dumb question but does the battery version come with the adapter to plug it in as well?
i read that even the powered version can be powered from a powerbank type lithium battery
can lametric be powered from a laptops usb port?
hello 170k! internet radio here we come!... let's reach 250k!
just backed you guys all the way from hong kong... you guys better ship with a 13a plug. =p
never mind. disregard that comment. i was in a food-induced coma and should have been sleeping. :)
@kevin, since they don't have a non eb option, or atleast haven't added it yet, i am guessing the eb is actually a non-eb kickstarter special price. i am guessing the limit is time based. hence if they think they can make more they can add more for that month. once that gets filled they might open up the next month. or my guess is way off
@kevin cheung, we are so happy that a lot of people are very interested in our product in which we've put a lot of love that we decided to increase the number of early birds, in order to more people have the opportunity to preorder lametric at a lower price. we love and respect these people, we are going to ship them first. additionally they will get a discount in our online store to buy additional lametrics and accessories to the gadget.
@creator seems early bird qouta are always increasing (but not super early bird *sad* ).  it is good to see many people interested to the product. but hope you respect those early backers, at least remember first come first serve during delivery.
@kevin cheung, lametric has internal storage. multiple messages that come at the same time are going to be buffered.
@abdul halim mat ali, rss is showcased in the middle of kickstarter video. video with longer text we will prepare a bit later for you.
@creator is there any internal storage in the device? if multiple messages come in at the same time, will the messages be buffered, any limitation?
@creator. do you have a video of rss showing a horizontal scrolling? also, a video showing 10 words or more scrolling horizontally.
@jacob c, you are absolutely right, lametric has internal web server running directly on the device and will have locally accessible api at launch. it means developers will be able to connect lametric with any system they like, including different home automation solutions. in the previous comment we meant long term vision about deep integration for more casual users (e.g. ready to go app that you can run inside smartthings mobile app etc).
@abdul halim mat ali lametric gets updates by periodic polling the rss feed. you will be able to control the time the sound is generated.
@smart atoms, i have the same controller jason has (isy 994i) and make extensive use of web/rest calls in and out of it.  isn't there an internal web server running directly on the device?  your comments earlier said "yes, you will be able to display any information from your nas server using simple python script (or using any other programming language) that will send rest requests to lametric’s internal web service."  can you clarify if there is a locally accessible api at launch, running directly on the unit in home?  if so, the isy can be programmed to make any call the user wants (assuming the user has purchased the network module).  it's pretty flexible right out of the box.   then the lametric doesn't really have to integrate directly with the isy to start.
@creator.  is the update from rss feed near real time or through polling?  also, can control the time the sound is generated especially at night?
@abdul halim mat ali lametric will support 802.11bgn 2.4ghz
@jason at the beginning we are going to support integration based on email, but the vision is deeply to integrate lametric with home automation leaders in the future. we definitely check out universal devices isy-994 additionally to smartthings, wigwag and ninjablocks. thanks for this.
@lars nielsen thanks for the link, we will check it out. all data communication will be secure according to industry standards.
@nicolas himbert thanks! our awesome backers made it!
@creator. is lametric wireless client device 5g compatible?
@electronerds, 1.5 years late on first project. thanks, but no thanks. also, not a good idea to link bomb your project. against ks rules.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
any chance you guys will support more advanced home automation controllers, such as the universal devices isy-994?  i have an existing network built on insteon, and have recently installed the z-wave module in the isy-994.  i guess the e-mail method would work for now, but seems primitive.
will lametric have openpgp (public private key encryption) so that the data can be sent in a secure way? that would be nice as google is also working on that: http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.dk/2014/06/making-end-to-end-encryption-easier-to.html https://code.google.com/p/end-to-end/
stretch goal #2 unlocked ! congrat ! i waiting for the #3 !!!
@architactics, @chris b no, there is no gap between color and white pixels. moreover we have also white leds next to color ones, so if device is displaying white text on full screen – color leds are not used. this gives us perfect image on the device. thank you guys for asking this. thanks to you we noticed inaccuracies in our device dimensions scheme on the web site. we’ll fix this today. thanks!
@grant, @nigel brookes-thomas we are uk company with r&d office in ukraine.
@abdul halim mat ali lametric is a standalone device. it can be connected to your home or office network using wi-fi or ethernet cable. currently we are concentrating on implementing all the features listed on kickstarter’s page so ability to display sms notifications from your smartphone may appear later. also we want to make dev tools. this will allow other developers to extend lametric’s functionality and share their apps (widgets) with other users. as for configuration – you will be able to configure all aspects of the device using mobile app (screen brightness, volume level, widget appearance, etc.).
@jean-philippe allain yes, you will be able to display any information from your nas server using simple python script (or using any other programming language) that will send rest requests to lametric’s internal web service. also you will be able to use e-mail to deliver information to lametric. in future we are going to create online dev environment so devs will be able to create lametric apps and distribute them using our online app store.
@milan van bruggen rest api has to be ready right away when lametric is delivered. in case if woocommerce supports sending some kind of customisable e-mail reports – lametric will be able to display information from it right away. all you will have to do is to customise your e-mail report for your lametric and configure it to check your mailbox for e-mails with specific subject and body.
@kane harrison, @nigel brookes-thomas here is how shipping works. smart atoms is an uk company based in london with r&d office based in lviv(ukraine). lametrics are going to be produced in china. it means that shipping is involved to any country. but, fortunately for us backers our potential partner agreed to cover shipping cost to us by himself in order to become official distributor. he will ship all lametrics to the usa in a bulk so the shipping cost per item will be much cheaper. for others – we will send separate packages right from china. in case if we will have enough pre-orders from uk we will probably do the same scheme. we will ship large amount of lametrics to the london and will send directly to our customers from there. if this happens – shipping cost will be lower and we will cover the difference by giving our uk backers discount in our online store.
@ chris i noticed the sparklines example, but from the image with the dimensions it looks as though there is a gap.
@smartatoms, yeah, i definitely wasn't trying to cut on your company.  i remember when you posted back in the smartthings forums so i know you've been working on this for a while so i'm hoping that you can make the deadline. but i'm also realistic.  i've backed a number of tech projects and watched many others.  every one that i've watched or back has been delayed.  some times just a month or so, some times more than a year.  i don't really blame the companies too much.  there's just so many things that can go wrong that cause a few weeks delay there, or a few weeks delay there. on one hand one could complain that companies should take this into consideration and plan for delays... and while that's true (and while i'm sure companies do!), some times there's just so many more little things that pop up that no one expected. like i mentioned, i just assume that any tech project is going to be a minimum of 3 months late and calculate that in when i decide to back or not back it.  if i can't wait 3 months from the deadline, i don't back it.  plus if a company delivers on time, then i'm thrilled!  if they deliver only a little late, then it comes when i expected it.  if they deliver very late, then it's only a little late to me. :)
@architactics, the pictures, at least, don't show one.  look a the main page scroll down to the examples area.  there one called "sparklines" that shows a complete wave from left to right including the color and white areas... there's no break there.
is there a gap between the color pixels and white pixels?
@grant from their bio page "smart atoms is a small uk company..."
they are not based in the uk, or otherwise you would be see the pledge amount was in pounds which it's not.
@creator. a few questions.  can i forward multiple smartphones notification especially sms to lametric?  if so, what's the connection mechanism? bluetooth? wifi?  does lametric store previous notification, similar to pebble?  can we control the beep volume made by lametric?
i'm with @kane harrison: i'm not happy at a 21% premium to ship to the uk for a uk based kickstarter.
any chance to connect lametric to my synology nas ?
hi guys! thanks for this great product. i'm looking forward to receiving my life&business pack! i've got a question: i'd like to display my woocommerce (ecommerce software for wordpress) on lametric. can you tell me when the cloud api will be ready? thanks so much!
@kane, if they can throw a party to all local ks backers and you can go pick up.
unfortunately that's kickstarter rules. they probably are a u.k. company but usa gets free delivery
if you are claiming to be a company in london uk, why am i having to pay $25 to deliver from the us to me, in london? also, $25 delivery! are you sending them out on wooden pallets?
@chris b you are right, there is always a risk of delaying the project (especially the one where hardware meets software).  but we already spent almost a year working on it (here is our story http://goo.gl/ufnbfq), we have strong vision and are really close to production. we have strong team that has a lot of experience in different areas – software, hardware, design (8 full time skillful engineers already working and we are going to grow). we are really passionate to create the best product ever that will be a pleasure to use. we are inspired by the best products on the market like nike+ fuelband, pebble, blink(1), etc. also we have reliable experienced partner that will handle the production of the device. taking into account all these factors we can say that we will try to do our best to deliver lametric in time.
@hamish great idea, poe can be useful for business users. we will investigate possibility of adding this, and in case if this will not affect the cost and delivery time we may consider adding it.
@ingo thank you for the suggestion. our designer already working on the solution.
@asterix streaming from home cloud is really a good idea. we’ll definitely think about this feature.
@stephan, there's always the chance this project will be different, but every tech project i've back has been late.  like months late.  they have (so far) always delivered, but usually 3-6 months past their expected due date. i feel a little bit better with this one cause they gave themselves six months+ and i know they've been working on this for quite a while longer.  however, i *always* assume tech projects are going to run at least 3 months late. this is not to be disrespectful to smart atoms.  it's just that there's so many things that might go wrong that will push back the timeline.  i'm just assuming that i'm going to get my unit in april of 2015.  if i go into a campaign assuming this then if (when?) a project runs late then i'm not overtly disappointed as i assumed it would.  if i get it early, then i'm a happy customer! and hey, if it runs really late... come may or june, i'm only getting a bit upset cause it's only a month or so late for me. :)
@stephan, it means lametric is going to be made.
what does "factories are open" mean? any chance that early backers will see there lametrics earlier then january 2015?
any chance of having poe for power with a single ethernet cable? would be an incredible addition for businesses who might want multiple ones around the offices for mounting above doors etc.
i like chris b's idea, the cord coming out the side bothered me, too.  another example is how polycom speakerphones route their cables multiple ways:  https://www.wpi.edu/academics/atc/collaboratory/howto/polycom/images/soundstation03.jpg
can white be made fully white orange letters?
yes indeed and i want to echo @vitaly's request of being able to stream from home cloud or a file server also.
the radio implementation would be a killer feature. hope to see it happen. go lametric!
@chris thank you for your suggestion. actually we were thinking about connecting the chord from the back of the device. and currently we are thinking on the solution how to make it in the way so it would be possible to put the device very close to the wall. @tony chag by "…display some data when it is changed" we actually meant that you can have, for example, clock displayed all the time and when stock changes it's price stock widget will pop for few seconds to notify you about this. this behaviour will be configurable, so if you want a live stream machine for a stock only – it will be possible. @asterix good idea, but we think this is an option for future versions of lametric. @robby69 thanks! we are glad you liked it!
i love the (stretch goal) idea of connecting multiples end to end to make a longer scroll.  i plan on using it for sport scores, so that's even better !
how about qi charging solution for lametric. you just put it on a plate below and forget cords altogether!
@creator: "you can configure it to always display some data or only when it is changed"... so if i configure lametric to display the price data when a stock changes its price, then it will become a live stream machine for a stock? am i correct? i may be thinking it too complicated because all i want is to have stock price ticker live stream on the lametric during stock market opens....
this might be late in the game to propose this, but here's the one design change i'd recommend... maybe a stretch goal? anyway, i'd love to see spot the cord plugs into changed.  i could foresee this being mounted on a wall, or placed on a counter top or desk... and having a cord sticking out the side could ruin the sleek look.  but having a cord stuck out the back would make it impossible to wall mount the unit. what i'd propose is a channel of sorts cut into the back to allow for flush mounting with the cord going out the side, bottom or back.  i tried to illustrate it a bit here: http://tinypic.com/view.php… with this sort of cut out on the back the cord could easily go straight down or out the side, still allowing it to be flush against a wall.  or the cord could be directed backward from the unit, still allowing it to be placed on a desk or counter top. thoughts?
i guess everybody's racing for stretch goals. bring on the craziest of ideas i'd say!!! however, @creators please choose wisely if you decide to on ideas which do not impact delivery time.
@creators, awesome!  @emc2cube, yes indeed.
@ingo yes, basically our intranet api will run as rest services on local lametric's web server. so no worries, you will be able to use the device autonomously.
will there be a simple interface not dependent on a cloud infrastructure that will disappear if your company doesn't make it? it definitely should have a local embedded rest web server.
@asterix rgb and white leds we use are quite small, so they fit within single pixel. we use two separate leds. white leds on the icon are used not only for clock but also for long text to maximise the number of characters that are displayed at a time (like in this widget http://lametric.com/simulator.php…). so basically icon will scroll out of the way leaving all the display for a text. wave is actually drawn using grey scale. it looks great but requires only white leds to be displayed.
@asterix it seems we back a lot of common projects   ;) i though the same at the beginning, thus my hopes for a all rgb display but i think it's actually white leds in a dimmer setting, so gray-ish.
also 2:00 minutes into the video i see a wave which has both white and blue color?
how do you double rgb and white leds for icon? are they on the same smd? in clock mode i guess you use icon area in white is that the only reason you had to do this?
i had a "hacked" betabrite led that would display rss feeds. it went bad a couple of years ago.  this is going to not only be a great replacement but offers so much more programming opportunities in a compact unit with much better resolutions.  can't wait to get it.
@smart atoms i hope too, but i'm already quite sure i will   ;)
@ychung yes, we will make an ability to program device operating time. @jmm hi, when device goes dark – it will consume 2 times less energy than in normal mode  because it has still to power wi-fi module and maintain connection with the network to receive events. as for standby mode – we planning to add this mode. potentially device will be able to work 3 times longer, but we can't tell yet for sure. @emc2cube rgb leds we used in our prototype produced "pink" white color and we didn’t like how white text and icons with white color looked. that is why we went for white leds for text and actually doubled leds (rgb + white) for icon. hope you will like how lametric looks when it comes ;)
@smart atoms don't worry, i just hoped to use it to display some 8bit animations, like a pac man trying to escape a ghost etc... nothing useful per se. "to reach the same white color, we added additional white leds near the color leds and use them depending on what information is being shown." so does it mean that on the rgb 8x8 part, you have both rgb leds and white leds together and when it display white it actually have the rgb off, and the white one on? either way, i guess that if you have the same led layout everywhere, you won't have a problem with "white leds had a different white color."   ;) in the mean time almost funded already, i bet you will not have to wait long for that congrats!
hi there, wondering about the practicality of the battery powered version. if i wanted mine to flashup messages based on ifttt and then go dark, would it still be consuming energy. guess my question is whether it is an on/off device, or if it can operate in  a "standby" mode that ifttt than wake up, and if so how long would the battery last on "standby". thanks!!!
is it possible to turn off the display during night time hours specified by the user?
@kevin cheung. 1. device will support latin and cyrillic char sets. later we probably will be able to add support for other ones via firmware upgrade.  2. yes, there will be an ability to set an alarm. @emc2cube actually there were a lot of problems with full rgb display. we were not able to achieve ideal white color to display text. so as a result we decided to go for rgb leds only for displaying an icon (8x8). text is displayed using pure white leds and it looks very nice. check out hackthings article on how we worked on display – http://goo.gl/na3onz.
@smart atoms  1. can the device display languages other than english, such as chinese. 2. i think setting it as a alarm clock is a basic feature for the device, am i right? thanks~
@smart atoms very neat device! can i dream of an "all rgb leds" stretch goal, or is it a totally unrealistic dream?   :)
@asterix 1. good idea, but unfortunately in current version device will not have an accelerometer. as for chaining – stay tuned for our updates ;) 2. you can configure how device should switch between views. it will be able to display single view all the time, switch between views with buttons or go from view to view after a certain configured time interval. 3. as for saving the power and preserving the life – it's a good idea and we'll think about this. 4. as for ninjasphere – yes, we will support that.
does lametric also work with ninjasphere from ninjablocks? another smart hub
@smart atoms thanks! good to know. @astrix creator mentioned on twitter that daisy chaining would be a stretch goal. i'm really wanting that option too.
do you have to press button for it to go to the next view or can it keep switching at predetermined intervals. can you also decide sleep time for display to save power and preserve life.
would be good if you can have an accelerometer detect orientation to keep it vertical? also, if i bring two together would be nice to have them automatically daisy chain to form a long display using magnets.
great start to the campaign... just a few hours old and already well over 2/5 towards the goal!
@gene petrone: no, unfortunately battery is not replaceable. battery capacity is not approved yet, but there is a chance that is will be around 3000 mah. so the device will probably last around 4–8 hours on single charge depending on screen brightness and use cases.
is the battery user replaceable? also, what is its capacity (maybe i missed it)? since i'm trying to decide if the battery version or plug version with external battery would be better for my intended application.
@webb yes, battery operated lametric will be able to work from the power outlet as well.
we aim to be "pebble for home and office". our long term vision is to have a store inside our mobile app so every developer can extend lametric's functionality with their own apps and distribute them inside our store for the whole community.
@asterix 1. battery version lametric will have the same dimensions as non battery one. but it will be a little heavier. 2. lametric is designed to work with rechargeable li-ion battery. but if you buy non battery one – you will be still able potentially to use external batteries that plugs via micro usb (the ones that you can use with smartphones to charge on the go). 3. lametric will have two types of api – cloud api (will go through our servers) and intranet api. so if devices are within the same network – they can work together. 4. it doesn't have bluetooth low energy. @gregory so led vendor promises their leds will work for 50000 hours (approx 5 years of continuous light on max brightness in ideal conditions). leds will degrade to 70% of brightness when they reach 50000 hours of work.
i assume that the battery powered model will operate plugged into the wall as well?
great news guys! wigwag will do an update to all their backers in the near future explaining how it will work with lametric!
is the non-battery version different and thinner or the same as the battery with battery missing.
can you also provide a way to use a 9v replaceable battery?
also if this can connect to wifi based spark core then we can push our arduino experiment outputs to this display
if this has ble then it can be used to display ancs notifications.
@reinoud lametric is programmable device, we will potentially add new features in future with firmware upgrade. currently speaker is used for notifications, potentially it can also be used for text to speech and internet radio (nice idea for stretch goals ;) ) @tony chang lametric updates the information it display's automatically, no need to press buttons. also you can configure it to always display some data or only when it is changed. so it can act like a clock but show you important info when needed. @halimmatali it can show potentially any information if it is accessible from some kind of api. so if caller id is possible to get on your computer – it is possible to display it on lametric. @tony chang as for buttons – you can configure the clock to switch between "widgets" (pieces of information) automatically or via buttons using mobile app. @arckal 1) no, lametric will not have z-wave chip. 2) at the beginning lametric will get notification via e-mail. so you have to configure your smart home to send lametric an e-mail in specific format (with name of the icon, sound and text). also we will prepare typical ifttt recipes that could be used with lametric. later we are going to partner with home automation solutions and ifttt for more closer integration. 3) it will be micro usb 4) yes, it is possible to use external battery using micro usb port. 5) yes, you will be able to change brightness in settings and also lametric will have light sensor, so it will adjust brightness automatically. so chris b is right, using ifttt and e-mail you can potentially connect every system to your lametric. @jphallain battery will last approx. from 4 to 8 hours depends on screen brightness and use cases.
can you please share details about used led lifetime and performance degradation curve? not sure if i seen it on your website before, but even if i did, it would be good to clarify it here for all to know. thanks!
what is the autonomy of the battery ? thanks :)
@arckal, my understanding is that most of the connection to other systems will happen via ifttt.  so, for example, if my smartthings door is opened i can have st pass that info to ifttt, which will then pass that info to lametric.  i don't think it has built in z-wave radio.
1) can it be connected to z-wave items(via z-wave controller or it has a built in z-wave chip in it), like locks, door sensor, flood sensor in home to notify events?  2) how will it connect to support wigwag and other home automation systems? 3) is charging connector use a usb port? mini/micro? 4) can plug-in version be used with some external battery or something stretch goal could be used to produce? 5) can display light on led/screen be controlled, i mean dimmed/extend?
is the default display set at clock mode and you need to push the button to get other updates and notices? thanks!
interesting. if only it can detect display the caller id when the home phone ring.
for the stock price ticker, can lametrics function as a live streaming ticker system? or, do we have to keep pushing the button in order for it to dispaly the latest market price? thanks!
since it has a speaker, would it be possible to use this as an alarm/bluetooth speaker/internet radio also?
