thanks ron!
i know this was ages ago- but i wanted to commend you on your ability to fulfill your promises. une bobine was one of the first projects i backed here on kickstarter and since then i have seen many project founders fail to deliver on their end product or service. compared to all these projects, i received my bobines almost immediately! good job and i hope you and fusechicken continue to see the success that your professionalism has quite obviously earned you!
yes, we just wrapped up a very successful week at ces! it will take us a while to catch up on everything, but  rogier, please email this information to support@fusechicken.com. andrea, when you email us, please include the order number if you have it.
@rogier, definitely sounds like a faulty unit. i believe jon went to ces to present a new product and that's why he's not answered to our latest questions yet, but i'm sure he will soon.
hmmm… i actually just took my bobine out of its packaging for the first time, i know, rather late. unfortunately it does not seem to work, i tried an original iphone, a 3gs, a 4s and an original ipad on my macbook usb ports, cinema screen usb ports and on an apple wall socket to usb. only in the latter case does the orignal iphone charge for a fraction and then off again until i wiggle the phone a bit… could this me a faulty unit? i’m also not receiving a “this accessory is not supported error” which i get from some third party devices after an ios update…
i emailed your support.
hi jon, just wondering, did you already send my lightning connector adapter? haven't received it so far.
i used une bobline as the stands so far.  i knew that 30pin connectors wobbled. i did not mind it very much. but, it repeated on and off when connected to itunes today. i do not know what connection is bad. however, i also felt that connection was bad. . and i used une bobline only at a low position so far. i cannot fix it at the high position such as the photograph of your website. so, my iphone does not stand like a photograph. i do not understand a reason. however, une bobline bends immediately. it feels soft when i think carefully. what should i do?
cédric - please send us an email to support@fusechicken.com with your pledge and shipping information. if you still have the tracking email you received, you can just forward that to us with a short note at the top. this will let us look into it.
andrew - thanks for letting us know it arrived!
hi! i would like to know when i would receive my order. i live in france and i understand that this may be a longer. thank you and merry christmas.
product received, including the iphone 5 lightning connector adaptors. works as expected. thank you!
josh - i don't see an order in our system with your name. can you send me the details of the order to support@fusechicken.com so i can try and track it down?
hm...i haven't gotten my two adapters for the iphone 5. should i have gotten them yet?
super d and ryan - have you watched the positioning videos on our website support page? they should stay upright very easily, but we have seen some people trying to hold the weight without coiling the base as shown in the videos.
arnold - thanks for the additional description and information. this thickness has quite a lot of variation on our product and all of the other connectors we have looked at. the lightning connector is a much better design and more secure right from the start.
this was a great concept unfortunately it seems to be unusable for me. i received 6 of them.  i gave a couple away when i got it and the people i gave them to have tossed them to the side.  phone just flops over on them. i received my iphone 5 adapters today so i could finally try it and i received the same issue. i have it in my car and no matter how i coil it, it just flops over easy.
i am fairly happy with the product, as others have mentioned there are only certain ways to position the cable to work, otherwise the iphone falls down.  also the usb connector also has to be put in at the right angle or it tends to not to stick in very well.  despite these issues, i still use mine daily.  so it was a worthwhile investment for myself.
i'm very confident that you and the team will do your best to achieve the best product possible.  just to be more clear, my feedback of the connector thickness coming from comparing une bobine to other third party 30 pin-usb cable that has thicker connector than apple's original (it's a cheap knock off cable).  when in use, this cheap cable is very thight connecting to the iphone's port and i noticed that even if i hold only by the connector head and tilt the phone forward/backward, the phone is securely hold and the connection is able to maintained.  but i guess it's almost impossible to pin point the exact thickness through out the production line.  the bottom line is it's only a feedback and suggestion from a backer for a better product in the future and not a whiny customer demand. :) in the end i wonder if this worth to pursuit, since it's already replaced by the new lighting connector (which afaik is already more securely fit).
andrew - all rewards shipped in september and all of the adapter orders shipped last week. i'm not sure which you are referring to, but please send us an email with your full name, address, and which items you haven't received yet and we'll help get it sorted out.
arnold - we are still trying to pinpoint the exact cause of the connection issue that happened on some. but we've added another inspection to our production line to catch these before they get assembled now.
have they shipped yet ? i haven't received anything :(
one more improvement is to the 30 pin connector part.  it needs to be more thick that imo may reduce the intermittent disconnection in relation to leaning forward/backward positions.
yukihisa - there are no plans for a usb 3.0 versions right now since there are no phones that have usb 3.0. once phones start coming out with it, we will look into possibly modifying the cable to provide usb 3.0.
because what i wanted to hear could use it for various devices without only over a telephone, i asked you a question. thank you.
oh- i'm sorry, i already asked you. so sorry
i apologize. i think that this is a question given many times. however, please teach it. do you have the situation to think about a plan of iphone5 and micro usb3.0 of une bobine? or do you want to start a new project? i got "une bobine - for iphone" from you for a reward. however, i am satisfied very much. when i use it in iphone5, i attach "30pin to litning adaptor". i enjoy it, thank you jon! :)
arnold - thanks for sharing the additional info. my first thought was possibly the weather changes during shipping. we'll post back if we discover anything as we look into this.
hi jon.  nice to know you're still monitoring comments. :) i have other project i backed few months ago. it's a construction toys made of wood. the pieces are too tight to assembled/disassembled. one of the factor that affecting is the fact that climate is very different from where it was made to the climate the toys are being used.  and another project have trouble with glue that was not holding (malfunction) just because being sent by plane make this particular type of glue got frozen in plane's cargo (below zero on a very high altitude inter-continental flight). my point is that there are many factors that have contribution to the failing product even after going through water-tight quality control in production line.
scott - i'm sorry to hear that you had some issues. with any product launch, there are bound to be a few bumps along the way, but we are resolving them as they come up. please grab it out of the garbage so that we can work out a replacement for you. also, if this is a positioning stability issue, watch the video on the support page of our website for some tips. if it is a charging/connection issue or if the video doesn't help your specific case, email us at support@fusechicken.com
arnold - thanks for bringing this to our attention. it is not something we have seen in our own testing, but we will look into it and do some additional testing.
my first kicks-tarter project that is literally in the garbage!.  could never get it to work the way i wanted it.  great concept...but needs some further development.
from the three samples that i've used, i found that the flexibility is varied quite significantly from one to another.  so for people that have different experience in flexibility and want a stiffer or looser cable maybe because of a wide variance of the manufacturing process.  maybe for the future manufacturing process jon and his team could manage a more consistence and narrower product characteristic variance.
leslie - please email a photo to support@fusechicken.com so we can see how you are positioning it that might be causing this.
josh - please email a photo to support@fusechicken.com of how you have had it positioned so we can help resolve this.
jennie - unfortunately, it is a trade off between rigidity and flexibility. the stiffer that the cable is, the less flexible it is and doesn't allow for the positioning. take a look at the positioning video on our website support page and let me know if that helps. if you continue to experience the same issue, email us at support@fusechicken.com so we can provide personal assistance.
the latch on the micro usb connector to keep the phone in place gets loose really easily. i have burned through two of your cables and i am afraid to use my third one >>
hi, une bobine has been working great until a couple of days ago. the micro usb connector seems to have loosened up a lot and now won't hold my phone in any position except lying flat like a normal cable would...
hi jon, i'd like to make a request for your next une bobine for iphone 5... can you make the coil at least twice as rigid/sturdy (e.g., about as rigid as an adjustable lamp coil)? i expected the original coil to hold it's position well with minimal adjustments but find it to be quite tedious to hold my iphone + it's protective cover, especially when in the horizontal position. every time i adjust my iphone it affects the usb connection such that it constantly disconnects/reconnects to the power source, and after all that work it ends up drooping anyway. i've gifted several une bobines to relatives and am disappointed that they complain about the same issues. i've read the tips from your website about how to help the coil stay in place but this product really should be as intuitive to use as a adjustable lamp coil. thanks, jennie
yukihisa - no it is not. as far as we know, there aren't any usb 3.0 phones on the market yet. the usb 3.0 micro connector is also about twice the size as the current micro connector that we use.
hi jon,  une bobine is usb3.0?
denny - we would like to, but we have no idea at this time for how long it will take or how much it will cost to manufacture. it could be a few months or it could be a year from now. this is why we have decided to release the adapter now.
are you going to make a iphone 5 cable?  one that doesn't require an adapter.
james.  see today's update.
still waiting for my lightning adapters. should they have arrived by now?
arnold - if you are twisting it slightly, it shouldn't cause damage to the device. but if you twist it back and forth by a large amount (more than a few degrees of angle), you may damage the internal solder connections or split the housing. when i find myself needing to change the angle a lot, i will unplug the cable, straighten it, and then coil it differently so that the twisting takes place over the length of the metal, not the connector attachment to the cable.
hi jon.  sometimes when using une bobine, i have to adjust it by twisting the heads (either phone-end and usb-end)  clockwise or counter clockwise to a better fit position. what happen if we inadvertently twisting to the same direction over and over again for a very long time? will it finally make the cable snapped or the soldering pull off? any way to avoid this? thanks.
edward - please email us at support@fusechicken.com with your name, address, and product so we can resolve this for you. please include a note that it is from kickstarter.
received my product but having lots of issues cutting in and out when charging...what to do ?
kevin - great looking product and very cool idea!  unfortunately, with only 3 days left on your campaign, there's not much we can do to assist at this point. best of luck in the future.
jon - i was a backer on your campaign and i was wondering if there was anything you could do to help me out with my campaign. http://igg.me/p/242765… any help would be greatly appreciated!
leslie - i emailed you directly this morning regarding this.
wondering where my replacement is at? its been 3 weeks since you shipped to me and not sure if it was ever sent
chris - please send us your full contact information and details to support@fusechicken.com so that we can look it up. if you have the shipping notification email, you can just forward it to that address.
i still have not received mine, what do i do?
i just got my lightning adapter as well, and it works flawlessly with the une bobine!  it took me a bit of playing with the bobine in the car for positioning, but i'm loving it!  great stuff jon & fusechicken!
3m strip hooks are a great idea.
sajid - ours arrived today also, but i haven't had a chance to test it in the car yet. i'm glad to hear it's working good for you. below is a photo another car user sent us for a great solution if you can't find a perfect position in the car. these are 3m command strip hooks (command.com)  http://fusechicken-graphics.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/car.jpg
lightning cable adapter arrived today. took it out to the car to test with the une bobine as that is where i need a charger the most for my i5. happy to say performs flawlessly. the ub and lca fit together pretty flush and the color is somewhat of a match so it's also really pleasing aesthetically. i have a recent model vw and i had to form an s-curve with the ub to have it lean next to the left between the driver's seat and the gear selector. i'll try to take a photo tomorrow and put it on instagram with an #unebobine hashtag so people can see what i mean. overall, i'm extremely pleased with my setup, especially since i am doing a roadtrip next week. thanks jon and the rest of fusechicken.
got the replacements, thanks jon!
marc - it fits over the microusb end, but it doesn't hold into place at all because the inside of the adapter is designed to match the 30 pin connector so that we can use the locking clips.
does the new lighting cable adapter works with the micro usb model? i have one microusb une bobine, but no microusb device on hand now. thanks
scott - thanks for the good idea!
chris - they are already in transit, but if we determine they were lost by the postal system, we can reship to the new address. see our latest update for additional information
andrea - see the latest update we posted for information regarding this.
aren - please email us at support@fusechicken.com so we can work it out for you.
thanks cliodhna and felipe!
i have the units, and they work great.  thanks for the product.  i have one comment for an improvement.  most usb devices have the usb symbol molded into the connector on the side that faces up.  on these, the usb connector is the same on both sides.  it would be nice to have some sort of indicator to show which side faces up on the connector.
i still have not recieved mine?  also i would like to arrange it to go to another address as i am moving.  how do i go about this? thanks, chris perrin
still waiting :'''''(((
just received my une bobine, here in brazil. amazing product! congrats to [fuse]chicken's team!
got both my une bobine and petite bobine today... seem like they both have connection issues - its worse on the une bobine though.
got mine a few weeks back [uk] but was away so only just got to test it out.  so far so good, no connection issues, iphone sits fine in both landscape and portrait.  will give it a proper test when i take it to my studio at the weekend
just little fun with my ipad ;) landscape mode: http://instagram.com/p/qkkjwqghbj/ portrait mode: http://instagram.com/p/qkyndwghvo/
torsten - thanks for sharing!
hey jon, i got my 4 bobines and i'm just tried one with the orginal apple bumper. it just works. sits tight, but connects and functions fine. have a look yourself: http://instagram.com/p/qjw5uuahfo/
beert - this should have been enough time for delivery anywhere in the world. try calling your local customs office to see if they have a package waiting for you. if not, send an email to support@fusechicken.com. this week we're starting to reship packages that have been lost in transit.
has anybody in holland (or nw europe for that matter) received anything yet? mine 4 bobines left the usa on sept. 18 so it's been 3 week now. should i worry or ...? :)
sg - thanks for letting us know!
thanks for the replacement. my new phone charmer works like advertised. great product!
thanks jeffrey! stay tuned soon!
great cables!  can't wait for the iphone 5 connector option!
thanks chris!
got my une bobine and petite bobine today and love them, one of the best things i have backed on here!!!!
alan - thanks for posting a work-around. we have completed our initial examination of the charging issues on the ones that we received back from replacements. we believe that there was a bad batch of connectors somewhere in the production cycle that affected about 1% of them. it actually appears as if the pins are depressed too far inside the connector. on the other 99%, the front to back movement shouldn't cause it to interrupt charging. we are also looking at making a change for future production runs to tighten the gap between the phone and connector. we built this based on the standard connector distance. une bobine compared to my original apple cables is nearly identical (the thickness of 2 sheets of paper). so we need to make these fit even tighter than the original cable. these are all learning curves that any new product has to go through with first launch.
john - let me know if you received my reply yesterday. i just needed to know if you had a short or long bobine.
fernando - because une bobine is made for iphone *and* android, bob has decided to stay politically neutral in the "fanboy wars" :)
i'm one of those with the wobble and disconnect issue. what i've realised is that the issue is because it wobbles front and back so much i.e. it's not a constant and tight connection and so what i did (not exactly ideal, but a short term solution) is to get some card (the thickness of that found cereal boxes) and cut it to around 2mmx20mm and then stuck this on the back (just behind the connector on the une bobine) (with a teeny bit of blu-tack) so this then doesn't cause the iphone to wobble on the mount and stays connected to my mac.
i'm having issues of the wobble and disconnecting of the charge as many others have reported.  i have submitted a trouble ticket.
sarcasm mode on - there is one simple way to solve some iphone users problem: create a new adaptor for unebobine, call it something fashion like, new stunning lightning thunder adaptor, put a lot of restrictions on it and if you really, really want it to work, sell it for 50 usd, doesnt matter if it is useful or not, it doesnt even matter if it cost 3 usd to produce it, many iphone users will be very happy. :)
pablo - i'm sorry you feel this way. in hindsight, would we have liked to test with the apple bumper? absolutely.  i actually wish we could test with every single case available for every device. one thing about kickstarter is that it greatly compresses the standard product development cycle to almost impossible timing. what we accomplished in 4 months from may-sept typically would be 8 months or longer in a normal product development cycle. the obvious downside to this is that, on occasion, it allows for a few items to fall through the cracks.
jon, i dont count with compatibility with every case made for iphone, but al least genuine parts, you made a accesory for a specifically product and brand (iphone from apple inc) , really you don't think in test your product with apple bumper?,sorry but there is no excuse for mediocrity, i regret supporting your project, you love $$ , not great products well tested regards
thanks for letting us know damien! don't forget to send us a photo to jon.fawcett@fusechicken.com or @fusechicken on twitter
the une bobine arrived in singapore today and immediately used the une & petite bobine.  they work great and it looks cool on the desktop.  thanks for a great product.
yi wen li - i'm sorry you are experiencing this issue with one of them. please email support@fusechicken.com and we'll get it taken care of.
thanks for letting us know miguel! we actually had 4 backers in ecuador.
for anyone wondering about customs taxes, we have found this site today that may allow you to check if government charges are accurate: http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation
received the package today, fyi in australia. got  four cables. two long two short. tested all four, sadly one of the long cable suffer on and off connection. while plugged in my macbook pro and power socket as well. it can not establish a stable connection. don't know what will jon do about the cable tho. overall i am still pretty happy about the product, it is very useful with my ipod but not my iphone for now, because i am using iphone 5 and will have to buy a adapter for it to see if it can stand. but what  i thought could do better is, first i thought the plastic of both end connector should have a more matte finish or something like the apple connector finish. because now the plastic feels a bit cheap, and the connector is not solid enough. i have a similar third party 30pin cable that has very similar structure of the une bobine connector. it actually break and bend  the plastic easier when plugged in. this might be why one of my cable is not working properly. what should i do with the fault one? should i return it and so you can send me a new one??
package arrived today: had to pay €25 (approx $32) before receiving the package. i'm assuming these are customs costs.  for a pledge at $50, an additional $32 is a lot!
thank you so much for such a beautiful and well design product. i just got it today. i guess im the only one with this in ecuador. =p
oh! sorry jon, i didnt mean to tell you that my unebobines are lost, in fact they are at the postal office, will pick them up tomorrow, i just pointed it out to clarified that i havent tested yet the toothpick trick using the unebobines.
andrea - thanks for posting...it's great to start hearing that these are arriving all over the world now.
halina - glad to hear they arrived in malaysia! is the iphone cable charging correctly and just a little bit loose or is it having a charging issue?
fernando - thanks for the tip. we are just starting to receive the units back that are experiencing issues. it's less than 1% of all products, so it will take us a while to investigate. but in the meantime, i'll be sure to test this out on some of them.
kai - i just sent you a message through kickstarter to test. let me know if you receive it.
jon,  checked my junk box and got nothing.  i will take your suggestion and wait for another week.  i'll write again if i don't receive my une bobines next tuesday.  or if i do receive them by next tuesday, i will write back here, since this seems to be the only working communication.
the bobine made its way to my home in italy! no issues with customs. the product works and looks as expected,  charges without issues, and is compatible with my case. honestly, best case scenario here. thanks!
i haven´t received my unebobines, but i see a lot of backers having problems charging etc, etc, maybe this can help them, it looks like it may solve the issue of loose micro usb. http://lifehacker.com/5947793/fix-a-loose-micro+usb-port-with-a-sharpened-toothpick
hi jon and the team! got my two une bobine here in langkawi, malaysia! thank you very much. ps - the micro usb works very well, the iphone one is a bit loose, i do not have a case on the phone.
sharil - that is something we considered.
pablo - we would have loved to test with every case made, but this wouldn't have been possible. so we tested with cases as people requested. it never crossed our mind to test the apple bumper even though it wasn't requested.
hi john. just want to drop a message telling that i just received the une bobine here in malaysia. wonder if you guys should do something like an adaptor for the microusb une haha thanks again
i cant believe it !  , jon fawcett answered my complain and told me that this product doesnt work with genuine apple bumpers.  they only test it with griffin bumpers.  i'm very dissapointed.
kai - please check your spam folder to see if my replies went there. i sent 3 replies all within hours of your messages. my last reply was sent to you 15 minutes after your message last night. i have copied it below in case you didn't receive it: it didn't get shipped to ohio, this is where it shipped from. so the tracking just shows that there was an issue with the initial scan. our local usps indicated that it frequently sees packages slip through from scans or get accidentally rerouted to the wrong sort facility. we have seen a few other backers who had similar tracking status and then the package just appeared one day. due to the volume of packages we shipped, we have seen it take them an extra day to get all of our packages sorted, so it might not have been processed in the local facility until thursday. please give it a little more time to see if the package arrives. if usps did accidentally send it in the wrong direction, it could easily take more than the time that has passed to make it to california. we are limited to the settings available to us with the support tickets. so anything related to shipping is being marked low priority because these are easy ones to work through. we are using it more as a 'difficulty' setting. it either arrives eventually or we reship the products. we also are marking any shipping questions closed at this point because we still have packages in transit to every state in the country, so it has not had enough time elapsed to determine if the package just got misplaced by usps and will find its way to you. to date, many packages have been delayed like this, but everyone that has contacted us has had it arrive or show up in the tracking system once usps resolved the issue. if you don't see the package arrive in another week, please let us know.
after checking the status of my request at you website, i am just disappointed with this whole project now.  i don't have my products and you got funded.  and according to you, with me not getting my products and have me call usps is "deemed resolve" and "low priority" to you.  i am sorry that your customers are so insignificant to you that when they don't get their product, it is "low priority" and by telling them "to call usps" is your version of resolving your customers concerns (not receiving their products).  now, i just want my $100 back.
btw, if you are not going to ship my une bobines, please refund my pledge, $100!
i have emailed my name and address to the support email 36 hours ago and still nothing.  i have tried to contact you every single way possible and still didn't any definitive answer as to why i have not received my products yet. here is my original tracking number:  9405511201080154231446 it went to ohio and i live in california. i have emailed support@fusechicken already.  you wrote back and i sent you my address 36 hours ago already.  please check your email.  this is frustrating.  if you cannot find it in your email system.  check kickstarter.  it shouldn't have to be this difficult.
i just received my two bobines, i have an iphone 4 with original bumper and it's not compatible with une bobine , the cable doesnt make well contact with bumper on :(
thank you, i have just sent an email to you guys.
simon - send us an email to support@fusechicken.com and we'll help get this resolved for the ones experiencing issues. i am not sure why customs would charge $20 for them. that seems a bit high. but the only option you have is to contact your local customs office to question them about the costs as it's out of our control.
received mine in canada today and was charged $20 from customs? i think that's a bit absurd for the cables... also, 2/4 of the cables do not work unless i tilt the phone a bit. i am quite disappointed in this.... :/
stefan - email support@fusechicken.com and we'll get this resolved for you.
kai - please email support@fusechicken.com with your name and mailing address so we can look it up for you.
marie-andree - follow us on twitter @fusechicken or facebook.com/fusechicken for future announcements related to this.
glad to hear it gerry.
sun - the videos on our website should help you find good positioning.
just received my two bobines in singapore! i am loving them! connection a little loose for the microusb but nothing that i cannot live with. thanks!!
received my 2 bobines: - long one doesn't work! unless iphone leans forward.... i'm super disappointed ! - petite bobine seems to work ok so far but has lots of trouble holding the iphone 3gs in landscape mode. problem is that i'm moving back to europe at the end of the week. how can i get a replacement for the long one ?
hi!  do you know when i will receive my 6 une bobine?  live in california.
just received them in canada. no problem with customs either. everything works fine for the moment even though i'm not shure it will work with the lightning adapter for iphone 5.
hey all my bobine arrived yesterday to canada.  no issues with customs.
leslie - have you tried different caps? the video on our website shows an s2, so you can see how stable it should be.
anyone have a s2? mine is a little wobbly on the fuse chicken even when locked in
got mine last night and to be honest, i'm a bit disappointed because it's  not as stable as i thought it would be. making it stand vertical and horizontal is very limited but at least it works. thank you for the une bobbine!
brayden - please send an email to support@fusechicken.com so we can get this resolved for you.
damian - thanks for sharing that. if you haven't already, please send an email to support@fusechicken.com or through our website contact form.
craig - have you watched the new positioning video at http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support? this should help with positioning. there shouldn't be any problem holding the weight.
thanks samuel!
david, thanks for sharing this info for the benefit of the other uk backers.
i sliped a small piece of paper just beside the connection and plugged the iphone. this way the connection became thicker and less wobbly. it fixed the issue of not charging iphone, and i think the wobbliness is eliminated in 80 percent now. the connection simple should be a little bit thicker.
stops charging when it leans backwards  at a small angle. any idea how to fix it?
one of my units seems to be having the same problem as ron potts with having to lean the iphone forward to keep it locked in for charging.
i got charged £11 import tax to the uk for my bobine and its pretty weak to be honest, bit of a disappointment.
received my 4 bobines in taiwan yesterday. just want to says thanks, jon, for the very pleasant and enjoyable trip funding your project. kickstarter should make you a textbook case for how to manage a project and how to communicate with backers. great job!
regarding the charge for uk backers - i've just had a conversation with hmrc (uk tax office). the charge applied is actually set by customs, not royal mail. hmrc set their exchange rates on a monthly, not daily basis. the usd rate for september is 1.5804 which makes the $25 bobines £15.82, making the vat charge £3.16. so if you didn't get charged - you were lucky. if there are other uk backers who pledged $250 or more, your bobines will also be subject to an extra charge which works out at about 3.3%. i've just worked out my bobines are going to cost me an extra £50!
ron - this should not be happening. send an email to support@fusechicken.com and we'll get it resolved for you.
alan - the cable locks onto the phone, so it wouldn't be able to fall off the connector. do you hear the locking buttons click into place? also, i posted a new positioning and use video on http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support yesterday. take a watch and see if that helps with the positioning. if you are still experiencing issues, send an email to support@fusechicken.com and we'll help get this resolved for you.
allan p.- please send us a photo of how you have it positioned in the car to support@fusechicken.com the video on the project page is one of the prototypes, but only for the connector ends. the metal portion is the production cable. i'm still working on getting a new in-car positioning video done.
thanks youngkil!
james - we have several adapters on order and will let you know as soon as we can get them in here to test.
i love the concept and mine appears to hold the phone ok but my problem is, the connector is loose when connected to my iphone 4. if you wiggle the phone, it goes from charging, to not charging. only if you lean the phone forward while connected to the une bobine will it charge. if you tilt it back, it looses its connection. i am hoping to test it with a different iphone but my phone has no issue with any other charger. if this is the case, the product is useless to me :\
well, received mine today and not overly happy with it. the connection to the iphone is loose to the point where if i had it in landscape format (as per your video) then the iphone would simply fall off the une bobine. it holds next to no weight so there's only a couple of positions that i could have it positioned in where it wouldn't just flop back onto my desk and as for having it connected in the car - that would be impossible as it would just flop down to the footwell. i don't know if this is a manufacturing issue as some people seem over the moon with their's. after paying near on £27 including customs charge i'm very disappointed.
the une bobine i received was an epic failure. it can't hold the weight of an iphone 4s specially while in the car. the une bobine used in the videos are nothing like the one i received.
i love it.. coooooooooool~
i think the problem in uk royal mail charging some people but not for others is very likely because of the exchange rate between usd and gbp which vary around £15 (the limit to get charged/taxed) for $25 shipment value. depending whether it's bellow or above £15 the moment they calculate the $25.  i guess it's just a matter of "luck". :)
any thoughts on use with the iphone 5 yet? i have received my bobines and they work great with my 4s. i can't seem to get my hands on the lightning adapter though so i haven't been able to try them with the 5.
jon - thanks. i appreciate your feedback on the issue. all just very frustrating but that's not your fault but royal mail's i.e. charging some people and not others. the hassle of disputing the cost with hm revenue and customs would be more than i can take. dealing with any governmental department over here is a nightmare.
thanks jon. it was not your error. i got my products mixed up. apologies for not digging deeper first
alan - because technically shipping was free, the value is the pledge amount. i was just offering that as a possibility that you might be able to discuss with them. in otherwords... yes, shipping was free, but maybe you could get the customs officer to agree to a reduced value since shipping did cost money, even though it was 'free'
jon - with regards to the label that was on the package, do you know what that said? i presume you had to add a value on there for the item? if that was $25 then that's what they would have had to base the tax on and not the $25 - $7 postage = $18 item cost.
a new positioning video is available that shows all 4 products with multiple phones: http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support
thanks said! glad to hear they are both working great!
jon you are great. you have sent 2 une bobines for replacement. both of them are great.
i have read on the uk mail and alan is correct that the £8 is a handling fee applied for any package that requires vat. this doesn't seem fair as it is more than 2 times what is owed for the vat. from some backers, it has seemed that the value is very close to the £15 limit and could be over or under depending on that day's currency conversion. one other possibility, which i don't know if it would work or not, but the actual postage cost was about $7usd to the uk. possibly you could visit the customs office and try to get a deduction from the postage cost.
gerry - that sounds like they might have read the value incorrectly. you should be able to take in a print of your pledge listing for the $25 usd as proof of the value.
david: i think it's based on the 20% vat. so a $25 package equates to roughly £15.47 x 20% = £3.09 plus £8 royal mail charge. i think the royal mail charge is set at £8 regardless of how much your package is worth. i just find it a pain that some people in the uk are not getting charged and some are (i.e. me!!)
does anyone know how the customs charge is calculated in the uk? is it based on standard vat rates?having gone for the 15 bobines i'm now slightly worried i'm going have to sell a kidney to pay for customs and royal mail charges!
hi fusechicken, received my une bobine here in brunei today.  it arrived at my post box last saturday 22-sept-2012.  thank you. sryn
i received a ups notice today saying i had to pay $39.06 in fees to get my bobine delivered. it cost $25! why would i pay that? i live in canada not botswana!?
hi, i received a card in the post today stating that i have to pay £11.16 / $18.00 in customs charges!! soo disappointed! :(  i've ordere stuff from the us and asia for 10 years and not once have i had to pay customs. not even sure i'd it is worth paying that much on top of what i've paid...
eric - glad you like it and thanks for sharing!
jp - did you watch the positioning video on our website? http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support it really is simple once you see how to do it. i have a new one our our youtube channel that also shows petite and microusb if anyone wants to see. i wanted to clean it up a little before posting to our site...but the content should give you what you need
omg ! i'm so happy, that's 8th project backed in my backer's story and my first stuff received from all ! amazing guys ! that rocks ! very nice product well finished. i'm so excited to give 3 of those to my friends tomorrow ! thank a lot ! this team is a serious one be sure i'll look forward your next projects ! thanks !
mine have arrived in new zealand, thanks.  looks great - but how does it work?  in every conceivable position i try (landscape and portrait), my iphone just 'flops' down?  i watched the videos again, and even placed the une bobine in it's lowest positon on my desk like a tripod (about 10cm up) - and 'flop'?  the only way i can see to use this is exactly as i use my usual usb cable - just lie in on something. it takes so much time to get it 'perfectly' balanced - and then a few seconds later... flop.  i have some micro usb versions arrivng soon from the second offer to purchase at kickstarter prices (well i hope they are on there way?) - they will probably flop even more with the tiny usb interface?
sascha - we tested with the griffin bumper case, which we had several requests about. but no one had actually asked about the apple bumper, so it never was tested. it worked with every case we tested except for the lifeproof and the blade. but leave it to apple to make a case that doesn't fit other cables. http://www.fusechicken.com/blogs/news/6531803-cases-cases-and-more-cases
@alan - i'm from the uk and didn't have to pay any customs on my order.
i received mine today and unfortunately it does not fit if i have my (original apple) bumper on my iphone. looking at the faq, which clearly states that non-exotic cases should work, i have to say i'm disappointed. this really makes it a whole lot less useful to me. anyone else having this problem?
alan - yeah, it was something we didn't realize with uk especially having lowered the value so much last year.
couleau - please send us a support request through the form on our website so we can work this out for you.
uk buyers: has anyone else not had to pay customs on their item? i've seen a few here that say they didn't and then a few that say they did. typical british postal service. @jon - thanks for the details. i'll know in future now to factor in the customs charge when buying anything else from kickstarter.
hello, i received it a few days ago (in france). it works perfectly on ac but it does not charge my iphone from a usb port (standard keyboard and apple macbook air). why?
thanks tim.
alan - most countries have policies to destroy packages that have not had duty paid after a certain time period. the us is 30 days. with the countries that have a policy to return the package, we would be responsible for paying the return shipping. i'm not sure how this works or what the cost is. with this said, if you refuse the duty charge with customs, you are taking the risk that the package does not get returned or that we have we will have to accommodate the shipping charges in the refund if it does get back to us. one of the reasons we offered free shipping as part of the pledge price was to make the customs duties more bearable since you would not have to pay shipping in addition to customs.
got mine this morning. works great.  thanks.
@martin: the threshold is now £15 for royal mail "any goods imported into the uk over the value of £18 are liable to import vat. please note that with effect from 1 november 2011 the £18 threshold will be reduced to £15." and looking at today's exchange rate $25 equates to £15.39 so we're £0.39 over the threshold and therefore get charged £11.16. i'm reluctant in actually paying for this @fusechicken: can you please let us know that if we refuse to pay for this and therefore the item gets returned to sender do we then receive a refund?
actually just to add to my rant below. the £8 charge is some ridiculous charge that royal mail add to the package if the item is liable for tax and then the £3.16 is the actual tax added to the item. not really understanding why some uk customers are getting charged and some i.e. me and michael (below) are!
umm, not actually received mine as yet but just received a card from the royal mail in the uk saying i owe them £11.16! £8 for customs charge and £3.16 for something else. whilst i realise this is not a fault of yourselves i've no idea what you added to the packet for them to then charge me £8 customs. i've ordered a lot of stuff from the web in the past and never been charged customs. so this has now made a $25 bit of kit into a £28 item - way too expensive.
shahrouz - thanks for sharing!
got my cables today. sister is using hers and likes it. ive played with mine and it charges fine. even upside down. no issues here. thanks :)!
niruti - the only item i have seen is the comment about shipping. because we receive a few hundred messages per day, we are asking that all requests go through our website contact form. this places them automatically into a queue to make sure nothing falls through the cracks.
alexander - i'm sorry to hear that you are experiencing an issue. please send us a support request through the contact form on our website so that we can get this resolved for you.
hi jon... i don't see any reply to my post from you...
these chords are horrible, mini usb already broke. such cheap quality and these chords don't even function right, this is bullshit.
thanks michael! for the unit having an issue, please send us a support request through our website so we can get it resolved.
i received my une bobine and i love the overall quality of the unit. one of my cables has the issue with not charging properly when leaning back, but the other is perfect. i am amazed at the quality they were able to achieve on this first production run.
international backers - unfortunately every country is vastly different from the research we've done. so we greatly appreciate you helping others who are in your country.
kenn, thanks for letting me know.  i've checked into this, import duty should only be charged on items over £18, but the exchange rate puts the $25 reward at £16.05 when it was taken out of my account.  so maybe some clever bod at customs has read the value wrong (depending what was put on the customs label).  so i will have to pop into the sorting office and hopefully get things sorted! cheers
hi martin, i received mine here in the uk a few days ago, no tax and no handling fee.
looks like the £8 is a standard charge from royal mail, insanely high fee, maybe not the best courier to have used.  you might be getting my package back returned to sender. more info here: http://forums.moneysavingexpert.com/showthread.php…
just a quick question for uk buyers, has anyone else been charged huge import duty? royal mail have stuck me with £3 tax and £8 "handling charge", whatever that is supposed to be.  hardly worth me paying, it almost doubles the cost of what i paid originally. the £3 i can cope with, but £8 handling is crazy! martin
thanks jcip. we're making a list of possible improvements for the next design and will add this to it.
just received mine great product, take some time to find the right balance for each position i would suggest with the cap, maybe with some back support would be better, so less stress to the microusb port but afterall, good product thanks
thanks reno
thanks for the comments benni and thaddeus!
guillermo - please send us a support request through the contact form on our website so we have all of your information to help you out.
received mine, and it's awesome. congratulations on making a great product.
thank you for the great experience here, one of the better projects with frequent udates not many delays and a great product for a fine price ! thank you
so i just watched your support vids, though, i had no complaints, and i must say that my une bobine works even better now.  thanks again!
hi there john, i'm having the same issue as jeniffer and other folks. phone does not charge unless its being leaned forward. when its straight or back it does not charge. what can we do to solve this? thanks guillermo
you're welcome! i'm glad it helped and it's working we'll for you now.
thank you for replying soon. it worked well after watching the movie! i was wrong. so it is nicest a cable ever!
takeshi - this should not be an issue. have you watched the videos at http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support? these will give tips for positioning.
une bovine cannot keep its shape, when it arrived at me and my iphone 4 is connected. are there any same problems like me? my 2 une bovines are defective? or all of these cannot carry the weight of iphone?
oliver - yes it is supported in the cup holders. even if the cable could hold the full length, i wouldn't recommend hanging that weight off of the usb jack in the car charger. unfortunately, as stiffness goes up, flexibility goes down. we did a lot of testing between different cable sizes and really lost a lot of flexibility as we went to bigger ones than this.
thanks john. i watched the pre-production video again and think the major thing is that the cupholders are really supporting the cable for most of the length and likely (just as you said) the last 3-4 inches are stiff enough to suppor the phone. i changed the positions to much lower and it works better, but sad to say it is not as good as i was expected (e.g. more eye-level). still usable, but not as effectively. perhaps a more rigid cable for the next design :-)
alessandro - i'm sending an update out in a few minutes that has your photo in it. thanks for sending that!
jennifer - we'll follow up with you on the email you sent to get it worked out.
peter - we're catching up on a lot of emails, messages, and form submissions today because all day was spent packing the final shipments. we'll reply to get it worked out for you.
thanks john!
josh - i appreciate the comment! i'll keep my mouth shut about my ncaa allegiances... but you can see where these shipped from :)
thanks drazen!
thanks brian! we have actually received significantly more positive comments.... but most of them are coming direct via email or twitter.
eric - please visit http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support to see if any of those items resolve the issue. if not, use the contact form on that page so we can help you work it out.
thaddeus - glad to hear it. send us some photos if you can to jon.fawcett@fusechicken.com. i got the 5 today, but we won't have adapters available for a few weeks to begin testing.
i received mine. it simply rocks!! and btw, it works great with windows phone as well.
having iphone charge/sync issues also.  i've tried with 3 different usb ports on two different laptops and have the same issue with all of them -- phone keeps going in and out of charge mode (connecting/disconnecting) with the slightest movement, and very difficult to get it into a position where it stays in charge mode.  i will send email to your support site as noted here; thanks in advance for assistance.
having une bobine for iphone charge/ sync issues as well. iphone will only connect (charge/ sync) if the phone is leaning forward. pm sent on your website. thanks for your attention jon.
just received une bobine today in the uk - very pleased, performs as expected!
just had to mention...the une bobine is a great product...it's not perfect, but its great. it's an awesome addition to my office. there is a bit of a struggle in my car, but jon asked me to email him some pics and he gave me some advice for my particular car. i can only imagine what it's like to create a new product like this and send it to production. the first iteration of a product is not bad, but there is always a learning curve, and i bet the fusechicken guys are learning for their next release. ultimately, i'm not sorry i purchased them...great for office, okay for car. jon is what makes the purchase worth it. he truly wants the product to meet our needs as customers and he's really doing all he can. so...with that said...thanks for all you're doing, jon & fusechicken guys!  keep up the good work!  (unless you are ohio state fans.  then, well i take it all back and you suck.). lol!
greetings to all from croatia. i'm impressed with a speed of delivery. postal stamp indicates 09/13/12 as a shipping date and today is 09/20/12 way away in velika gorica, croatia. just picked the parcel from my mailbox and once again, so impressed. une bobine itself works great with my iphone and microusb to iphone adapter and my lumia 800. keep up good work.
kinda sad to see the very mixed feelings about the product. my une bobine for iphone works as expected and i'm satisfied. i think a stiffer, yet still semi-flexible cable will work better in the future, if that's even possible. i do hope none of the negative reviews prevent you from trying to make a bobine for the new lightning connector in the near future. thanks for the invention. i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors.
i have a 32gb iphone 4s and with the slightest movement pretty much any position, it acts as though its being disconnected.  if i have it hooked up to my laptop, while its on my lap,   it does the same thing, and itunes will error, i have 2 of these une bobins but i did not open the other one to see if its the connector or my connection on my iphone.  or is this normal?  i am not moving it a whole lot either..
oh, i have an iphone btw.  now i just hope the adapter for the iphone 5 holds up as well.
i've been using the une bobine for two days now, and it has work as described.  i was a little worried, due to all this negative feedback, but mine is working like a champ and getting some attention in the office.
hideki - as of today, all shipments except about 400 have gone out. the remaining ones are packed and awaiting usps pickup on friday.
matthew - i'm not sure if you are saying the cable doesn't stay up or the phone doesn't stay on the connector. for the cable, i will have videos within a few days of positioning for different android phones similar to what i have on our site for iphone. if the phone isn't staying on the connector, please contact us through the form on our website with all of your details and we'll help you get it resolved.
is dispatch to japan carried out?
just received my product. i was very fearful of the micro usb connecting being able to hold the weight of a smartphone. my fear has been realized within minutes of opening the package. my phone crashed to my desk with the slightest movement. i can't imagine the first pothole in my car. une bobine micro usb... epic fail! on a brighter note the iphone worked better on my desk. i don't see much use in the car due to the weight of the iphone. great idea. you need better materials for stability. at least i have 20 fuse chicken stickers i can use...  update::: i just plugged my motorola bt earpiece in the une bobine and it holds the weight perfectly.  so all is not lost, now what do i do with the other 3 i have??? looking for suggestions.
bob - i'll post the updated videos as soon as we have them.
borge - please send us your details through our support page to work this out with you. link is in post below.
scott - please visit the support page (link below) and send us the info on the contact form on that page so we can work this out with you.
sg - i have has one other report about this. can you send me all of your contact information and details with the form at http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support  so we can work this out with you?
arnold - i'm working on a lot of more videos for the website to incude petite, micro, and car use. i hope to have these up early next week. petite is a 'different' use than une is, so it positions a little differently.
i received mine (petite and regular) the other day.  still fiddling a bit, but pretty happy. agree, that i would like to see a video of how to best position the petite.  yes, it is quite wobbly but i don't see how that can be avoided.
recived 2 and only one of them i charging the iphone. the other one is completly dead.
sorry to report that the samsung note has problems with charging due to the wobbly connection not only in landscape but in portrait as well. it wobbles not only side to side but a great deal back and forth too. i compared the metal part of the bobine with the the samsung cable and found the bobine to be more or less flat while the samsung has little "edges" (don't know how to say it in english) which maybe serve to stabilze the connector. i will make a macro shot tomorrow to show you in case you are interested. i am not sure if this would fix the wobbling but these are the visible differences.
just received the several that i had purchased.  extremely disappointed in the product.  it does not really support the weight of my iphone 4s.  very wobbly.  connector is very poor and it is intermittent.  very good concept.  very poor implementation.
just received the une bobine. unfortunately it doesn't work to well with the samsung note. it wobbles too much. if put in landscape position charging becomes difficult because of the gap that makes it wobble and the connection is lost. i will try to fix it with an extra piece of plastic. i just compared it with the original samsung usb cable which connects very tightly to the note. so it is not a matter of an old worn connector as mentioned somewhere.
worth to consider too that the petite bobine is not what originally planned in the project but rather due to the request from backers. so it is understandable the 'performance' is not as 'satisfying' as the une bobine. :)
arth - i'm still working on videos for the petite to show how to best position it. we should have those up early next week.
dustin and frank - thanks for the comments!
asmkv - for using in landscape, the key detail you want to make sure of is that even if there is a little gap between the phone and connector, that the phone body rests on the black housing. this takes the weight of the phone off of the connector. for how it should be coiled, take a look at our video on http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support  while this shows the iphone version (i'm still working on microusb videos), the primary positioning details are the same.
received mine in asia. connectors a lot more plastic-ky than what i'd expected for the cost of backing, and needs some adjustment before it can hold up my iphone adequately (using the petite) but at least it charges and syncs fine. thanks jon!
received the petitie bobine for iphone in the netherlands. i'm impressed.
i got my two une bobines and they're outstanding. they do everything i wanted them to do. the cable strength is very adequate, it charges and syncs my iphone 4 without any real wobbling. the only time it disconnects is when i really move the phone while connected, which is to be expected. i never really write reviews but with some people complaining i felt it necessary to let you know you created a fantastic product. you have my vote for an une bobine for iphone 5. thanks again.
i confirm what oliver said. i got the bobine with a micro usb connector and tried it on a galaxy s3. the phone is moving from left to right when plugged and i think it could brake the phone usb connector with the time and i won't use it in landscape position. any movement bends the cable, even if it is coiled. i think  it should be better if you coil the cable on something to support it. "product and device should be positionned at your own risk"
thanks sue anne!
oliver - i plan to put another car video up soon with the production units, but we aren't experiencing this difference between the unit used in the video and the final production units. if you email a photo of how you have it positioned in the car, i might have some tips. jon.fawcett@fusechicken.com. from how you describe it, you probably need to have it coiled lower like you mention. in my video, it is maybe 3-4 inches from the phone to where it is supported in my cup holder. it won't hold well if you go much past this.
just received my une bobine here in sweden. love it! :-)
i just got mine yesterday and while it looks cool i am a bit disappointed in it for the price. there is a lot of play with the usb connector and while its nice sitting on my desk it is basically unusable in the car. any movement makes it move a lot and any side to side movement causes the cable to bend when used upright (at dash board level). it is better if its coiled and near the outlet, but that makes it less useful.  compared to my reg iphone charger the usb plus is very loose and moves around when slotted in. the video (http://www.youtube.com/watch…#!) is not even close to real life performance (i will try and record a clip when i get some time), but its safe to say that either the unit i got was defective or there were lots of changes during production.
bhavik - this position shouldn't put much, if any strain on the usb port. the phone's weight is over the portion that rests on the table, so barely any of the force will get transferred to the port in this configuration.
i received my une bobine today in the uk. thanks. it looks like i've got a lot of playing around to do with the item and gravity. with the une bobine in this position (http://cdn.photojojo.net/store/awesomeness/productimages/une-bobine-a68d_600.0000001346106169.jpg) and even without the iphone, doesn't it put a lot of strain on the usb port?
gb and frederik - please take a look at http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support
eric - thanks!
my cable doesn't charge my phone :(
the ipod connector is flaky and my iphone alternates between charging/not charging at the smallest vibration. don't like :(
congrats on phtotjojo
another backer review. thanks chris!  http://wp.me/p1ghb7-mc
is yours shipping internationally? since this is with the us postal service, we think that the tracking only really shows the departure date.
:( my shipment  has been sitting in youngstown oh scince the 13th
thanks for the comments everyone! we're glad to hear about you enjoying it. don't forget, send pics to jon.fawcett@fusechicken.com
wanted to thank jon for a great new product and for all the post shipping support to your backers.  it is easy to see you care about your backers and stand by your product.  thanks again for your help.
just receive my email notification for shipment !!! hooray !!!!
it's plugged in and working beautifully. already started using it, and i love how it sits besides my imac. job really well done i'd say! :)
received mine yesterday - got the samsung galaxy s3 plugged into it right now and it really is excellent.  thanks for making this and more importantly, letting all of us in on it!
thanks laura! until we have it in our hands to start playing around with it, i have no idea how long it will take us to come out with the next version.
i got une bobine today and absolutely love it!  i want to buy une bobine for my iphone 5 instead of regular cables . . . any ideas when the iphone 5 version will be available?  thanks!
tapan - can you email me a photo to jon.fawcett@fusechicken.com so i can have a look?
received the micro-usb one yesterday in nyc.  the cord works fine, the micro-usb charges the phone when attached to powered usb, but doesn't hold my galaxy nexus well. but it's wobbly. tried all 3 cap sizes.
andrea - i just confirmed with usps that the tracking number indeed only tacks it until it departs from the country.
jon, it seems that my package was sent the 14th. on the provided link there is some tracking information regarding the 14th, but nothing after that date. the last bit of information is "depart usps sort facility" in akron, oh. i suspect that tracking info stop once the package is sent outside the us (i live in italy) and that's why i do not have updated information, but can you confirm this?
said tahsin dane - i'm not sure that i understand what you're saying. can you explain the comment a little more?
thanks norris!
if you cannot ship what you have already showed us, simply do not do it.
i emailed to contact@fusechicken.com
as a reminder for anyone experiencing issues, please revisit http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support . if you read through the tips and information and continue to experience issues, use the contact form linked at the bottom of the page. this provides us with the information that we need to assist you, which is very difficult to do through kickstarter comments and messages.
vekk - it sounds like you are trying to stretch it out too far. in a car, you want to make sure it is supported about 3-4 inches from the phone. if you watch the video at the bottom of the project page, you can see how i have it placed with it supported in my cup holder.
jim waterhouse - off hand, i'm not sure which clip he is using, but the clips change by 0.007 inches between each one, which accounts for variations from phone to phone, even of the same model phone.  the nexus is the loosest phone we have tested due to the act on the bottomedge, but it should be sufficient to hold it. feel free to email me a photo if you'd like me to help you out.
jim carman - we don't recommend having the weight supported on your computer usb port. it really should be resting on something.
got my une bobines. i must say "a" for project. by far the best kickstarter project around. it should be a model to all projects in terms of communication and delivery. as far as the product goes, i'd give it a "b". i've been looking for something similar for a while. was excited to get my une bobines so my feedback as follows: * tensile strength of neck to low even without a phone. the une bobines starts necking when i stretch it out and put a little pressure on it (up and down movement). adding a phone just makes the une bobine plop down fast. i knew it would be a problem supporting my galaxy nexus without twirling or creating more supportive shapes.  * driving. hard turns (moves sideways) and accelerations (moves forward) causes the neck to flail. i will probably look to wire tie the top of the une bobine to a vent or anything i can find to support the device.  * the micro usb does it job and holds the device in place but is still a little wobbly. all in all, i am very happy i supported this project. it gives me hope on the next version (there is one right?) :) i'd like to have more tensile strength. it should not wobble without a phone. i have some ideas / will probably pm you. kudos to you for this project. you should be very proud of what you have done.
the ipod-side adapter cracked under the weight of the ipod.  also @chris fawcett, the usb driver thing doesn't relate to me. my normal iphone cables synced and charged. i think why i'm disappointed in the final product is that the pictures and videos soliciting money displayed a free-standing cable. it didn't require origami folding and weird coiling. it's really unfortunate.
here's a hint for people getting charging but no data.  i had this problem briefly on an early sample unit.  turns out it was an issue with the usb driver crashing.  i went into the device manager and deleted it then rebooted, allowing windows i reinstall the driver.   haven't had a problem since.
received my two une bobines. been using them with phone 4 (bumper case only) and various ipods for the past couple of days. have not used them attached to the computer as i use them primarily as a stand (nightstand and for viewing). for that use, i find the bobine is pretty brilliant.  fun and easy to come up with various angles and locations.  no sagging except in landscape when i haven't properly distributed the weight. charges from the wall (bobine itself is on a table).  wobbles slightly back and forth but it is of no concern as the iphone is, so far, secure.  now i just need one for the iphone 5!
also having issues with no data connection, and it isn't strong enough to support the iphone.
ok so after see this video http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support it will help with the position of the cable.... and charging will only work with the extender white cable.... after 1hour of playing around with it...i finally got it to work .....but sometime it will fall !!!!!!  thank you jon fawcett for noticing my problems with it.... hope the next cable is stronger thanks
received mine today and i'm very disappointed.  no data connection when connecting to my computer so cannot use it for anything except charging.  bad news, the coil is so weak that the phone just droops to the floor unless i lean it against something.  and as of 5 minutes ago, i can't even get it to connect to the phone to charge. this was a waste of money.
you said a coworker is using it with the galaxy nexus. which clip is he using? mine is wobbly with all of them and while it seems to be charging there is no data sync available.
just received my bobines, one une and one petite. quality looks good on first glance. but like others, the connection into the usb port, plus the weight of the iphone, puts a lot of strain onto the bobine. in the car, they prove ueless to me. i can't keep the petite bobine in place, and the weight pretty much makes it wobble in my usb car charger adapter. i also tried the petite bobine on my macbook pro, but since it typically rests on my lap (thighs, as i rest my feet on an ottoman) the connection proves again to be too loose, and my phone keeps making - and dropping - a connection. on the ottoman, it 'might' work - if i wrap the cable 'cobra style' as suggested in the package.  as a generic usb-to-apple adapter it appears to be fine. but for 'my' purposes' it's just not what i thought it would be. doesn't make it a bad product, it just doesn't "check the boxes" for me.  note: this is just for the petite bobine. i haven't tried the uno bobine yet. i'll give that one a go on my imac in a few days, and see how it does. overall, i can't fault [f]c. they managed expectations the best they could. -jim
thanks norris! care to share some photos?
i finally got mine. they work great with the apple bumper on my 4s. did a little wrapping it around my radio mic, and it holds my phone right where it needs to be.
eric - please read through http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support . if none of these items helps your issue, you can use the contact form at the bottom of the page and we'll get it worked out for you.
josh - can you email me a photo how you have it in your car and how you'd like to use it and maybe i can offer some tips? jon.fawcett@fusechicken.com
just got the une bobine and was very disappointed and it was not as good as i would like it ..... disconnect with the slight movement and my fan just blew it down...lucky it had a case protecting it..... not as strong as i thought it would be..... this is my first backer so i was very disappointed... i dont know if im the only one!!!!!!!!! not worth waiting for....
got mine today...two of them. great communication!  i would love to say that i love them...but...they're okay. i understand the iphone 5 thing and am hoping that the adapter will work out well. my frustration is that the coil is not as strong as i'd hoped. i've watched the videos and i've figured out how to make it work in my car, but i have to use the dashboard to support the iphone as well, otherwise it just falls over. that is less than ideal. feeling a bit disappointed, but also understand that this is the first iteration of this product. hopefully when you release an iphone 5 version, the coil will be stronger to stand vertically on its own. otherwise, i won't be ordering. :/
i won't be able to get iphone5 until march,  so this means it will be useful till then (even longer if there is a adapter)
mini angel - you can try hanging it from une bobine. please make sure your jack hs sufficient holding force when trying this. we have a photo in this update: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fusechicken/une-bobine-for-people-who-love-iphone/posts/238347
don't discard une bobine if you purchased the iphone 5 just yet. the iphone 5 comes with one 30 pin to lightning adapter.  perhaps that adapter will work for une bobine.
i just got mine and it is great but.... i didn't realize that my android has the micro usb at the top of the phone:( oh well i can still use it in landscape. this is better than an earlier product i kickstarted and i am pleased also i agree with scott. who could foresee that apple would once again twist the cajones of their customer and make yet another unneeded change. fuse chicken is not to blame. thanks!
just a quick thought for those who claim obsolescence. how is this possible, when apple continues to produce iphone 4s and iphone 4, both with 30 pin connectors? if you want to rush out and buy a new iphone 5, more power to you. many of us are sticking with our earlier models which work wonderfully for us, and une bobine will fit perfectly with that plan. it will also work well for anyone getting a brand new 4s or 4. jon had no way or foreseeing the new connector when he began this project, and no way to account for it until the new phone came out. perhaps there will be another version that he will work on. who knows? in closing, thanks jon. you made a lot of people happy with this product, and will continue to do so for a while.
i want to thank one of our backers for this review. http://m.youtube.com/watch…
all rewards will be mailed this week, but i'm not familiar with your postal service to provide an estimate on how long it will take to arrive.
hey jon.... when do we expect the shipment in india..
brent - awesome! the best use for it yet :)
hi jon, i got my une bobine! it's really nice to see a kickstarter project through to the end, and i really appreciate your constant communication with all of us. here's a present for you - my gorgeous mug putting une bobine to excellent use: http://www.flickr.com/photos/chopsticksensei/7988513675/
thanks bob!
garth and scott - unfortunately, running projects through kickstarter can have some unexpected consequences. we initially planned to produce 1000 units with a $9,800 goal. the logistics of handling so much more than that introduces a lot of delays that are nearly impossible to estimate with a platform as new as kickstarter. this is unfortunately a problem when it comes to hugely successful kickstarter projects. someone else recently commented about one of the $1 million projects that still hasn't shipped all rewards after 6 months. i can now understand the complexities they are facing. we have learned an incredible amount from this project that we can carry over for future projects to do differently. one example is that i spent about 40 hours looking up and changing addresses in the month before i wrote a database program to handle half of the work. for a future project, we probably won't even use kickstarter's survey system for addresses, but write our own that allows backers to edit their information as needed. i could go on and on, but ultimately, these complexities are one of the reasons i felt the need to overly communicate so that we can keep all of you informed as much as possible as we work through everything.
crap- i liked the idea- it was supposed to be a gift, but that time has gone and passed and now it is obsolete. i really have buyer's remorse right now.
received my shipment yesterday, thanks jon! love it, just trying to figure out best way to have it work in my car, its fun trying different setups.  thanks again, very pleased with the ks project, will enjoy the une bobine for a long time to come!
ok so i have pre-ordered the iphone 5 which will arrive next week so unfortunately your product is now useless to me. if it had shipped in july as originally anticipated i would have at least had a couple of months use out of it. the old saying in business is under promise over deliver - perhaps take this as a lesson for future projects and build in a greater contingency so that backers don't end up disappointed.
though...
mine has been sent out today, can't wait to try it out! based on the comment below, i am a little bit worried tought...
kim - we expect to complete all worldwide single bobine shipments today and a large portion of the worldwide 2 and 4 quantities. in the us, it is a felony if we declare incorrect valuation or labeling (such as marking as a gift) on the customs forms. so unfortunately, we can't do this to prevent duty. but since there is a usb extension cable shipped with each product, we are listing it as quantity of 2 and splitting the value between them, which should help in some countries.
any idea when shipping to belgium will happen? will the bobine be shipped as a gift, to avoid paying customs charges? thx
matt - please send me a message through the link at the bottom of this page so we can work it out for you. http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support it is possible to use it with a wall charger completely off of the floor, but it is more difficult to get it coiled in such a way as to prevent the wall charger from coming out of the wall from the weight. to do it, you need to get the phone weight directly above the charger, not in front of it or to the sides.
scott - thanks so much for the comments!
any idea how long it could take for mine to reach the united kingdom, i see many have gotten theirs and was just wondering if mine would arrive within the next few days or weeks etc?
just got mine in the mail today, and i'm unfortunately in agreement with andy triefenbach below ... to begin with, it wouldn't charge my iphone 4 with its bumper on at all. after taking the bumper off, the connection to the iphone is shoddy ... it wobbles back and forth on top of the connector, and only charges if leaning all the way forward. if it sits straight up or tilts back at all, it doesn't charge. as far as support, i can tell you this is definitely not meant for wall outlets using apple's ac/usb adapter. the sheer weight of the phone and the coil will push the adapter down out of the wall socket. this is where i had hoped to use it, but i can see that's not going to work now. i've moved it over to where my computer is instead, but i still retain the issue of not really being able to charge unless placed in a very specific, unnatural, and precarious position.
jon - package arrived today, and i am...thrilled beyond words. what a fantastic product! my co-workers are all amazed, and must have one of their own now. great job all the way around, from start to finish. i have no issues with my iphone 4s, and charging/standing seems to be just fine. it is exactly as i expected it to be.  you remain a model for how all kickstarter projects should be done. i wish you all the success in the world. can't wait to see what you come up with next.
any idea on if you plan to make a lighting adapter for the cable?
arnold - when we decided how to ship out 12,000 units in 4500 packages, we looked at several different methods. pledge order was the first one we looked at. what we realized was that it was going to be so inefficient that it would take 2-3 times longer shipping that way. so in an effort to ship all rewards as fast as possible, we are breaking it down by number of units, products, and country. for instance, we shipped all individual us une bobines for iphone in one batch, all uk une bobine for iphone in another batch, germany, australia, etc. these have worked out to 100-300 per batch. for the doubles, we are able to do worldwide based on the products because each grouping is about the same number (leass than 300). so everyone with 1 une bobine iphone and 1 une bobine microusb gets done in one batch. the 2 primary reasons it is so much faster this way are the customs forms get standardized for an entire batch (weight, value, quantity, etc) and the product packing is simpler. for the single units, we only have one product in our packing line at a time so there are no mix-ups. we also only have 1 box or envelope size in the line at one time.
hi jon.  why aren't you sending it based on the time of pledging?
shahrouz - i'd encourage you to watch the videos on our website. these should be good to set expectations of how it works.
david - we have shipped all of $25 pledge uk units. we are now working on the pledges of 2, 4, 6.
hi jon, just wondering when you're planning on shipping to the uk? cheers, david
todd - the first video on our support page should give you some tips for best ways to stand: http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support
daniel - we will be purchasing the apple that apple announced as soon as it is available (with the phone) in order to test it and see if it works with the adapter.
andy - it really shouldn't take much work at all. it should be as simple as the video on our website. however, it isn't really intended to be a space saver as much as a combination of dock/cable/stand. the base does need coiled to provide the support.  i've already sent you an email to work it out with you.
jennie - we have shipped most of the single units to the us and are starting through the higher quantity shipments.
jonathan - france is actually next on our international list.
sam - i'll contact you directly to work this out.
it won't fit the iphone 5..this is what i bought it for...
just got mine today, still working on getting it to stand up.
hmm interesting. from the comments i figure my expectations will be different from what i thought the stand/ cord will be like
i got mine yesterday. ultimately, i'm disappointed. i have tried the suggestions on your support page as well and have very little luck getting my iphone 4 to stay charge. the phone wobbles from the connection due to the fact that the connectors aren't a tight fit. also, the cable takes a lot of work to try to get it in a position to stand up which is misleading from the photos in the main video and later photos posted below. the fact that the whole coil needs to be used doesn't make the une bobine a space saver at all. i plan on making a youtube video to show what i mean. the handling of the the product with the shipping & the constant updates was awesome though! i just wish more time was taken with this to put out a product that lives up to the photos represented in the updates.
hey jon, have you shipped to the usa yet? i haven't received mine yet and would appreciate a tracking #. thanks, jennie
hi jon, have you already shipped them to france ? i didn't receive mine.
hey jon, i got my une bobine today and was having some problems getting it to charge my iphone. at first use, it charged regularly and it worked like a charm. but after some more use, it no longer charges. i've tried almost everything imaginable...i've switched to another wall outlet, i've tried charging it with my computer, and i  even tried using it with other idevices - all of them failed. just to be sure it wasn't just my phone not working, i used several other charging cables with it and they all charged fine. it's a great product though, so i was pretty bummed to see it not functioning correctly. are there any steps i should take to fix the problem? is there anyway i can return mine for a better-functioning one? i would really appreciate any help i could get on this matter. thanks and congrats on the project!
thanks for the post jim and we're glad you love it!
i got mine today and i absolutely love it! i tried it in my car, and with some quick and minor adjustments, i had it working like a charm! jon, thanks for the stellar communication with us backers, and best of luck to you in all of your future endeavors!
as of this evening, we have shipped rewards for more than half of the backers.
thanks james!
hey jon .. mine arrived yesterday. great design & excellent quality .. nicely done! much success in the future. congratulations.
patrickguo - that sounds like what i was trying to describe to arnold and shaun about 15 comments below. i'll send you a personal message so we can work it out.
hi, i have just watched the video and find that if i try to bend the cord like what you did in the video, my iphone will disconnected. my cable only allowed my to do very very slightly bend like 95 degrees. is it normal?
chris - this example was for the iphone version. but that's a good point for people who are starting to receive the micro|usb version.
patrick.  also try the different clips for micro.   those are there so that you can find the one that fits your phone the best.   if you're not using a clip its going to be really loose. cj
thanks eric! the tracking numbers were a happy surprise for us too! i didn't kmow if we could do it as simply with automated emails like we have been able to.
my bobine should be arriving thursday!!!!!! love how i got a tracking number, and all this shipping awesomeness. jon, from the bottom of my heart including kickstarter, thank you for your hard work and ethics on making a finely awesome project. this is the only project i've ever back that i've believed in that'll deliver and you did! you rock awesomeness!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the comments guys! patrickguo - take a look at our support page video. it might help with your stability by seeing how i position it. http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support
well... somewhat disappointed because the wobbing and the usb connector is not really stable as well.. other than this, this product is pretty cool/fun
got this in the mail today.. thanks...simple and genius concept http://s12.postimage.org/i7tsvs1ml/proxy.jpg
arnold - thanks for the comments. you'll see for yourself soon enough. we just had several pallets clear customs and will be delivered tomorrow. so we'll be continuing to ship these as fast as we can.
yeah i'm not expecting this to be much of trouble myself. better of just wait until it's all arrive to backers then we can be sure if this really an issue.  maybe i've just carried away when reading your 'overreacted' comment ;) and comparing it with my 'mental image' of how une bobine will performs specially as pictured in [update 3] :d and the fact that it has a locking mechanism.  thanks jon for your quick respond and have great weekday (it's almost midnight here).
ahh. i hope my iphone 4 wont be loose :s
arnold - honestly, we didn't think it would be much of an issue. as this was the first batch of products that got sent out, i over-reacted a little in my comment, thinking we had a major problem to deal with. this morning, i pulled 12 products for testing and didn't see an issue on the 3 devices i tested with (4s, original iphone, and 4th gen touch). while it is looser on the touch and original iphone, it is a very small difference that doesn't affect the functionality. we are directly contacting anyone that has a charging problem to work that out. but i'm wondering if the expectations for holding are different than what we expect from it. we don't expect it to be picked up and flopped around by the cable, but it will hold and be stable in use how it was designed, even though it has a little room to wiggle front to back. this is simply the nature of the long and narrow apple connector design.
thanks for the respond, jon.  hope the video will also presenting of how this loose fit handled on a worn port phone.  just curious, why is this 'problem' didn't seems to appear in your demo videos in update way back then? even if the problem is in minority but in my opinion this should be able to be fixed by other means aside than by put it on a near (if not absolute) vertical position.  what about by putting a thin layer of coating to thicken it a bit that can easily be scrub off by a thight fit phone port but will still able to hold a loose worn port? maybe it's too late for current batch, if not for future iterations.  i haven't got mine but i've plan to put a thin layer of coating on the part that touch the port, maybe with a clear nail polish if i'm end up with a loose fitting with my phone.  by the way is this 'problem' only affecting the iphone version or both?  well, i guess i'll have to wait and hope the video will clear things up and not much of distraction from sending the much awaited une bobines. :)
i posted a support page on our website that should provide good positioning tips as well as information related to some of the questions we have received so far. http://www.fusechicken.com/pages/support
arnold - i realized that i wasn't completely clear in my prior comment. i should have started my 4th sentence by saying 'if you are having an issue'. there are a lot of things that can affect positioning and stability, but most can be solved with a more vertical positioning. for instance, an older phone will have a jack that is more worn from use. i have an original iphone for testing and the worn jack combined with the curvature on the bottom of the original iphone causes it to be a little looser on the connector than my 4s that is a year old. with that said, in most cases, you won't need to keep it absolutely vertical. you don't want to go too far on the angle, but a slight angle will still work. i am working on the videos now and will post here with the link when they are uploaded.
is there anything you can do about the fitting with the iphone? it will be very awkward to have to position the iphone on absolute vertical since one of the main feature of une bobine is to use the facetime on it. not to mention the in-car scenario which will get a lot of pushing around back and forth while driving in accelerate/decelerate situation.
shaun - i am going to post positioning tutorial videos/photos on our website tomorrow. this should help show the best ways to position so you don't have this  problem. the iphone dock has more clearance front to back than it does left to right. so you do need to make sure your phone is very vertical and not angled back or forward. if in landscape mode, you want to volume buttons either on the top or the bottom. in other words. don't have the screen pointed up or down.
i am having the same problem that ah has. my iphone wobbles on the connector and does not maintain a connection with my laptop. it constantly disconnects and reconnects and i have to attempt to position it just right to maintain a connection. once i get one, it lasts only a minute or two before disconnecting.
i'm sorry to hear about this issue. i'll send you an email to work it out.
i just got my bobine, and was really excited - until i tried to use it.  unfortunately, it doesn't work very well.  my ipod tilts back and forth on the connection, and there is no power to it.
thanks reiner!
i received my une bobine today (good for me that jon was flexible enough to make a last minute address change :) ). i am quite surprised how solid it actually is. although the iphone connector feels a bit wobbly it holds the phone without a problem. this actually is the first of many kickstarter projects i supported that i really like. great work jon!
glad it arrived so quickly for you and sorry it doesn't fit your specific case. can you send me the company and model of case you have so we can add it to the list? we tested with the griffin bumper case and some others that had the soft sides. they could all be flexed pretty easily to fit good.
pleasantly surprised spell check lol
i received my une bobine today in the mail and i was presently surprised by how nice it was. it however won't snap in place with my iphone bumper case on and i really don't feel like taking it off and on to use it.
kevin - this would be affected by the charger you are using, rather than une bobine. the actual wiring inside une bobine should be sufficient to pull the current needed (one of my employees has been using a prototype with the galaxy nexus without issues). the limitation would be if the charger you are plugging it into is not able to keep up with the current draw of the device.
i have read of some issues with the galaxy nexus charging at a slower rate when plugged into some usb charging devices (for me specifically, a dc to usb adapter), often not enough to maintain the phone while using gps and google's navigate in a vehicle.  do you have any experience with this or can you provide any clarification how the bobine will work in this setup?  i am really hoping to plug a bobine into a usb port adapter for a hands-free way to navigate. thank you for the updates and i wish all kickstarter projects were this well managed!
chris - the latest rumor is that apple will be making an adapter.
looking forward to getting mine soon - shame it probably wont fit the iphone 5! ;(
matt - first time i've seen this. looks like a very quick and poorly built knock-off of une bobine.
what is this nonsense?!?!?: helixloop.com
thanks vince. that means a lot!
agreed marie, have backed quite a few kickstarters myself and jon has been easily one of the best with his updates. thanks jon its been a pleasure backing you. regards vince
thank you!
backed 29 projects and quality of commnication on this one is certainly one of the best.
thanks karl!
yes - just chiming in with everyone else.  i'm backing a few other kickstarter projects and you're communication level is higher than all of them and is exactly where it needs to be.  thank you for being communicative and on-your-game when it comes to this production.
jamie - thanks for the comment! wow, i didn't realize they hadn't shipped out yet on that project.
jeffrey - we'll be posting an update shortly.
i haven't been checking these comments at all as the updates are regular and informative so someone has already probably said this. this product and process, so far, is everything i would want from a kickstarter project. huge pat on the back. unlike the elevation lab project which gives sporadic updates, perpetual delays & constant ship date set backs, poor transparency and communication. i will be taking my une bobine into the office and recommending everyone to get one!
can't wait for my une bobine to ship.. it will be a good tripod for my samsung galaxy beam..
any news for us, jon?
i'll be in line to buy one with everyone else on sept 21 (assuming the rumors are true) so we can start working on it.
be ready to make an adaptor for the iphone 5
thanks aaron!
john, 1. congrats on your very successful kickstarter project.  2. thanks for the updates and for handling yourself in such a professional manner.  3. i am sorry to see the comments from people who are angry at you and apple for their rumored change to the dock connector. apparently they don't get that kickstarter is not a preordering service but a place to support new ideas. regardless of changes to dock connectors or not i am lad i backed this product and wish you the best of luck. hopefully if there is a change it will be something you can adapt to fairly fluidly. again thanks and good luck
wow excellent news! can't wait to see it in the mailbox! :)
@shahrouz - the first shipment went out from the factory as scheduled early this morning. it's too early to get a good estimate on the delivery date because it is in transit from shenzhen to hong kong and the flight to the us hasn't been determined yet. i hope the tracking information will be updated tomorrow. we also ran a lot of shipping tests today on all 4500 addresses to detect items that need corrected or changed to ship most efficiently. so everything is progressing as expected from the last update post.
any updates with the process?
thanks for the comments norris.
@jc4usc we're all anxiously awaiting our bobines, but it simply is not the fault of [fuse]chicken that apple changed its connectors before they were able to bring the bobine to market. i'm sure alot of companies are dealing with that same reality. i'm also sure that the market will very shortly flood with adapters for "old" dock devices to be used with {actually not even officially announced only rumored...i believe it, but its still just a rumor} the new iphone. if you really want to direct your anger at someone, try apple, who wants to sell everyone a whole bunch of new accessories, and will be the only ones with anything that can connect to the alleged new dock connector for while...funny how that works huh? kickstarter isn't like ordering from amazon...and frankly, i gotta say jon fawcett is waaaaaaay more responsive than some other project starters, and isn't as far off the target date as others either. seeing as i plan to keep my 4s for a while, gotta wait for you early adopters to experience all those bugs that come with new hardware, i'll get quite a bit of use out of my bobine, and hope to get it soon.
bob - i've updated your selection. thanks.
i signed up knowing that things may change with apple.  part of the adventure of kickstarter is knowing that sometimes things don't turn out like you expect.   can you change my reward to 4x 300mm micro-usb and 2x 300mm iphone?
i'm sorry you feel this way. we launched this kickstarter project before the new connector rumors came out. and unfortunately if apple changes their connector, it makes a lot of products incompatible with their new iphone and is obviously not something within our control. while we would have loved to offer the option to get the new connector, it just isn't possible at this time without know the cost or complexity.
with the launch of the new iphone, your current product offerings have become obsolete to me - very disappointing.  i know that you won't offer a refund, but i can tell you that this will be the last product i purchase for my household from your company.  what a waste of money - teaches me a lesson for backing these projects.
norris - we are expecting the revised microusb versions to arrive tomorrow for testing. so hopefully we will be able to release that for production also and there won't be much delay to wait for the microusb version.
i kinda figured that before i asked, but i asked anyway. i'm anxiously waiting for my bobines.
yale - i will update your selection. we also do expect to have these out to you before the next iphone is released, assuming the rumors of a late september launch are accurate.
so at this point it looks like i'm most likely going to have an iphone 5 before i get my une bobine.  this is really disappointing especially because i opted for the $75 pledge which includes 4 une bobines.  i'm not really expecting a refund at this point but could i at least change my order to 2 une bobines for iphone and 2 micro-usb une bobines?
norris - we do need to wait on the microusb versions. i would love to be able to offer this, but we are shipping these first units by air to get them to you quicker and it is a large cost increase to split it into 2 shipments. we don't have a final cost, but to give you a rough idea, we are expecting to spend $10,000-$20,000 just on shipping from china to the us.
thanks jim!
will those of us who ordered only iphone bobines have to wait on the microusb bobines to be finished? i vote no. in fact, i imagine that paring down the shipping by shipping out the iphone only orders would make your logistical lives easier. :)
i'm impressed with your work ethics and have enjoyed watching your progress. i've been looking for a way to mount my iphone in my car for more than a year and this just could be the right solution.
bavan - we intend to purchase the next iphone as soon as it is released so we can start working on the next version.
is there a plan to build the  cable compatible with the new connector
@guillermo - we have your survey information. keep an eye on the updates for the latest info on dates. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fusechicken/une-bobine-for-people-who-love-iphone/posts
@georgeneo send me a private message on kickstarter with the change you would like to make.
hi there, first of all, thanks for making this. second, i wanted to know when it will be shipped. i don't remember if i filled the survey or not. thanks! g
hi, would like to know if it's still possible to change orders ?
sg - if we knew for certain how une bobine would have to be changed (connector, larger phone, etc), we would be able to design it, but we still probably wouldn't be able to offer it because we wouldn't know the cost of the new connector. thanks for understanding all of this.
it is astonishing how some people expect things to work for future products with new and different specifications. it is simply impossible to design a tool that will work with everything to come. why don't you complain to apple about this or switch to another system that provides compatibility throughout successive product generations.
kate - we're working on it. i can't give a specific date yet. we wrapped up our testing and have 1 change being made to the android version and 1 change to the apple version.  be sure you read our weekly update that includes all of the latest information.
bellet damien - i agree, it's going to be a major hassle for every single accessory out there. i'd be surprised if there wasn't an adapter available almost immediately.
i'd like to know when it will start shipping. i'm sad because it was july and now it's almost mid august. i'd like to use it.
if iphone 5 have a new dock connector and can't use une bobine, i will cry !
erik - unfortunately we have no way of knowing even how much a new version will cost to manufacture, so we can't offer that as an option. but we will take every effort to offer as much of a discount as possible to backers for whatever we come out with for the next version.
any plans for the rumored upcoming iphone 5 new dock connector? would it be possible to put one bobine "on hold" for an updated version? (understanding it may take quite some time to produce)
thanks for the feedback dana!
hi bob and everyone! because of my connections ;) i have one of the first production samples working on my desk and i love it!!! i have the speck candyshell case and it works just fine. not to mention it looks so freaking awesome sitting on my desk! this charger is the best one i have ever owned and believe me i own so many different ones. it is so fun playing with it and making a different design out of it. the entertainment it provides is never ending!! thank you fuse chicken <3
bob - we have tested it to work with the speck fabshell, but not the candyshell. my guess is that speck would have a very similar plug opening on all of their cases.
maybe its been asked previously, but will this fit the speck candyshell?
(blushing) thanks jannick!
jon! i love you man! you are so damn polite and awesome! and the thing i love the most is how fast you reply and even that you do it! most project "owners" dont even answer these comments. and just shows how they actually dont care about their backers at all. you my friend! are one of the few awesome project "owners" !:) thanks for the awesome project!
jannick - keep an eye on our friday project updates. these contain the latest estimated schedules. due to a few changes we needed to make to produce a better product, we had to push it back a few weeks.
james - please send me a message with your new address by clicking on my name under our project title above. i will have to look into the approximate shipping times to australia to see how long it will take. we expect to be shipping soon, so i'll discuss it with you before we ship yours.
i'm moving to a new address on the 15th of august. is my order likely to be delivered to me in sydney before then or does the delivery address need to be updated?
hey jon! when will we be getting the things? i can see the estimated delivery date was here in jul 2012 is it later now or? thanks on forehand! just wanted to be sure!
thanks roman!
yeah, you guys are really fast and helpful with the responses. i am really impressed :) i just got another project i backed up called humn wallet, those guys were really efficient, too. can't wait for une bobine, keep up the good work !!
shhhh...we're all sleeping. :)
< whispering >why is it so quiet today?  scary quiet! </ whispering >
samuel - i've been frustrated as a backer before with the lack of communication, which made me commit to answering everything. i'm glad you noticed!
jon, you are the only project creator that actually answers all backers' comments from what i can see and i have backed a few. i backed several projects that haven't fulfilled the pledges after 4-7 months after the funding ended, am fast losing faith in kickstarter. keep up the communication and make us proud.
loic - unfortunately, customs is entirely out of our control. legally, we have to classify these correctly and use the appropriate value, but the actual taxes on them is dependent on the country being shipped to.
hello, i just hope that we won't have to go down to the post office and pay any type of customs payment ! cause my last pledge for another product was 29.90 $ but i had to pay 28 $ for customs !!! please be carreful loïc from belgium
ofir - please send this through kickstarter's messaging feature for us to modify your reward. it looks like they moved it when the site was updated this week. click on my name at the top of the page under our project title and then click to contact me. the last 2 updates have all of the latest information on our estimated schedules.
good day to you i sold my iphone yesterday and got samsung galaxy s3 instead i want to change my original order from the iphone connector to the samsung galaxy s3 connector please let me know if it's ok and also do you have some date for shipping ?
christian - we are still on track for the production samples to be built next week. as soon as we test them, we can kick off the production order.
so jon, when can i have the one bobine in mi home in mexico? saludos amigo y gracias por tu pronto respuesta.
christian - unfortunately, this is part of the kickstarter process. we required the funding from kickstarter to build the injection molds for the product. so that puts the timing to produce them after the funding is successful. with injection molds, this can be a lengthy process. however, we have taken every step we can to make sure it is as fast as possible while still producing high quality products for you. we just received word today that the micro-usb, usb, and overmolds are finished. we are just waiting on the apple housings and the micro-caps in order to run the production samples.
hello when can we get our one bobine? i think the process is too slow.
sorry for the delay in the update. i have been out of town all week and today was the first chance i could type it up. it just got posted a few hours ago if you haven't received the email yet.
hello, this friday we dont have an update, give us some good news!!
so, what's up?
yeah, we so much love! haha
everybody loves the onion!!
chris - please send me a direct message using the link at the top of the page by the project title and we will get it figured out.
i have recieved no shipping survey, although the updates have been regular.  is it being sent out in waves?
ah, the onion! ;-)
what do you say to this video? :) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
done, thanks!!
andrea - can you send me message through kickstarter? this will let me match up your pledge details so i can add a note to your shipping information to hold it a few weeks.
jon, are you shipping in early august? i'm a little worried because there will be no one at home in the first half of august. on one hand, i believe that traveling all the way to italy will likey require at least a couple of weeks, so there should not be problems, but if you could delay my shipping a little to make sure it arrives in late august or september it would be perfect. i understand if this is not feasible due to logistics, though.
glad you got it to work!
haha! thanks, jon! that's... err.... "amazing"..? ;-) form filled out now!
christian - even the comments field needs filled out. if you have nothing to add, just enter a "-" or something.
i'm having serious problems filling out the survey! it just says "please enter a response for all questions." even thou i've filled out every question (and i don't even have a second address line...) help!
haha! but seriously, i'll see if i can find any really bad roads around here for a video. no guarantees i'll find any though because i live in the suburbs :)
maybe people need to watch the slalom driving demo video after all.. :)
mark - there is a video on the bottom of the project page showing it in my car. it really depends on your car's jack location how you will need to orient it. obviously cars can get hot depending on where you live, but it shouldn't be any different than other devices you might have in your car.
question: how well will the bobine function under say a car environment. i plan to stick the bobine onto a usb charger in the cigarette socket and use it as a stand too. but i am concerned of the bumps and whether heat may reduce its strength.
great, good to know :)
em - i believe that is how the system works. we do receive a full list of all backers with the survey information. so we will be following up with any that were not filled in later this week.
am i going to receive any confirmation after i finished the survey? after i finished it i just got redirected to main une bobine kicksarter page...
ellislo - yes it will, but because the jack on that case is rotated from most other devices, you will want to take extra case with placement. here is an image of it: http://goo.gl/z8kic
phil - either of the iphone versions. it depends on whether you want the longer or shorter one.
i have an iphone 4. which is for me? une bobine - for iphone (600mm) une bobine - micro|usb (600mm) petite bobine - for iphone (300mm) petite bobine - micro|usb (300mm) thanks.
can the microusb une bobine support the weight of iphone4 with mophie juice pack plus case?
damian - we just put an estimated production schedule in the new update. we are anticipating shipping in early august.
how much time does it take to receive the uni bobine for the early backers??
the iphone version will be white and the micro|usb version will be black to match the original colors that the cables come in.
hi, regarding une bobine - for iphone, any ideas if i could have black color for it? or you only do white?
robert - we won't be able to get our hands on one until the injection molds are almost complete. but we have been keeping a close eye on the images. the bottom appears mostly flat across the center located bottom jack. so we believe it will hold nearly identical to the s2 or note with similar jack locations.
hello,  i have a samsung galaxy s3 in the mail right now, wondering if you've had a chance to test this particular model with your device. seems like the phone is going to be a big seller, so a nice snug fit would be excellent. thanks for the hard work.
arnold - the width is slightly smaller on ours, but the thickness is 0.05 inches (1.25mm) thicker where it meets the phone. this tapers out from the tip to a maximum of 0.1 inches thicker in the main body of our housing. the extra thickness is required to get the necessary internal structural details to provide the strength to the cable to hold the phone.
thanks jon.  it would be too late than.. :) seriously, compared to apple standard usb dock, how different will the dimension of the une bobine's surface that contact to iphone body surrounding the dock port?
arnold - i was just looking at the case today. looks great. but we won't have any idea if it will fit until we get our hands on it.
will it fit taktik (other kickstarter project)? tia
jennie - there is a discussion about this about 10 comments down the page. those will explain some of this.
mark - thanks. i'll keep my eye out for something like that.
hey guys, this is just a rumor but something to keep in mind: http://techcrunch.com/2012/06/20/confirmed-the-new-iphone-will-have-a-19-pin-mini-connector/
guys, i have recently seen one or two samsung / iphone connector combos that 'transform' into one another.  can't find the pics of the top of my mind at the mo, but look into that to see if it might be  useful!  and thanks in advance for the 'discount' for future upgraded iphone whatever it may require.
sg - yes, the adapters were designed with this question in mind. what we found in trying was that every phone had the jack at a slightly different depth recessed into the phone body. we have 3 of the adapters that just change the distance to the end of the connector by about 0.010 inches each. this lets it be snug to the phone body, which distributes the weight of the connector and onto the housing around the connector.  the width of the connector is also important. in other words, a wide connector that is fairly tight to the phone will prevent the phone from rocking on the connector as much as a standard cable . it is difficult to explain, so feel free to ask additional questions if that isn't clear enough.
thanks for the swift reply, jon. i have seen this post and the pictures before. showing that you can connect to the phone and that it holds for the time being photographed does not say too much about how long the port will be able to cope with the strain if you don't use the adapter to distribute the weight. i was more interested in whether you designed the adapters with this question in mind. i remember a video demonstrating that the connection will defy gravity :) the phone will not fall off the mount. it's securely attached. but that's another thing. i have seen the angled adapter which i guess will do the job for the phones it fits. but i am unsure if that's the case with the note. cheers
scott - it most likely will need to be an entirely new cable and not an adapter. but whatever we do, we will try our best to make sure our kickstarter backers get some sort of discount on what we come out with.
chris - that is the plan.
thanks, jon. i believe that this is the right course of action. i would be a nice option, as chris suggests, to have some sort of 'adapter' for any of us early adopters who decide to upgrade in september to the new iphone (if/when a new port is introduced).
i would suggest you stick with the "old" connector which is current one then if and when the new connectors are out you can make new cables and/or caps which fit onto the current cable which converts it to the new connector.
scott - since no one knows what a new connector might be (if there even will be one), this is something that can't really be answered. we do have some designs in place for future versions that can handle different connectors. but until we see that connector, we won't be able to say what will happen for sure. but, there have been about 200 million iphones and ipod touches sold that use the current connector, so it won't be outdated that quickly...apple is still selling new 3gs, 4, and 4s phones and if history is an indication, the 4 and 4s will continue to be available for several more years.
hi jon - i know that this is just educated speculation at this point, but some of us are curious as to how you are treating this news - http://www.macrumors.com/2012/06/21/apples-smaller-ios-device-dock-connector-said-to-include-19-pins/ . obviously, if this is true, the iphone une bobine would be quickly outdated if it included the current (soon-to-be-'old') connector. what say you?
sg - thanks for the comment. we have photos and a video of various android phones on update #10 showing how they hold. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fusechicken/une-bobine-for-people-who-love-iphone/posts/238347 this also describes the replaceable micro|caps that we have designed. there are 5 different ones that are included with each micro|usb bobine to allow you to get a nice fit with your phone. even in landscape, this helps take the weight off of the connector
i was just thinking about using the une bobine in near future ;-) and i wondered, not for the first time, if the adapter/connector is built in a way that it will sort of take over/balance the weight of the phone when in landscape mode. i know that usb ports are easy to break in some phones even only by plugging in the usb cable. now when for an extended period of time the usb port had to carry the whole weight of the phone this would be more strain on the port. i have a galaxy note, so i am on the heavier side :) any thoughts on your side about this? cheers
arnold - we have taken quite a few steps to help prevent problems like this. each connector housing contains an internal component that is molded over the metal cable to prevent twisting and pull-out forces on the solder points. our outer housings lock around this part to provide added strength.
another note, i've backed other kickstarter project that also a (curly)usb dock cable and it end up as a disappointment. the cables become useless since it stop to function and after i took it appart it's because of the poor soldering between the cable and the connector(s). hope you won't experience the same thing by giving more attention to this as the connection(s) between cable and connector(s) is the weakest part for this kind of cable (even the original cable from apple suffer the same thing).
arnold - thanks for the message. this version of une bobine won't be usb 3.0 because there are no phones currently on the market that support usb 3.0. for iphone, the current connector doesn't have the capability of running the extra wires needed for 3.0 or the hardware to support it. and for micro|usb devices, it requires a new connector that is about twice the size. so you wouldn't even be able to plug it into your device.
+1 for usb 3 although i don't thing the extra bandwidth is a necessity in a ios world (apple more incline to wireless connections). i think it will be make une bobine more 'future proof'. but under condition that by making une bobine become a usb 3 cable will sacrifice the delivery date. unless it meant for the next version une bobine.
chris - good point. and since the 3.0 spec is backward compatible with 2.0 (both connectors, cables, and devices) it could be implemented in the phone before 3.0 was the universal standard on new computers (eg non-apple computers). this is similar to bluetooth 4. iphone 4s was the first phone to use it. but since it works with existing bt devices, they could add it very early in the game. the bigger issue for usb 3.0 will probably be androids with microusb because that requires a different connector that is about twice the size of existing microusb connectors.
@jon it will be very soon as the new macbook pro that has been released already support usb 3.0 so you can tell the connectors to ipod, iphone and ipads will all have usb 3.0 connectors available very soon. and knowing apple they will probably create a usb 2.0/3.0 cable so it can work with any usb port lol
jennie - thanks for the message. if usb 3.0 becomes prevalent with phone connectors, we will look at doing this. personally, i don't think this will happen very soon because the extra bandwidth really isn't needed for most uses on a phone.
hi jon, congrats! just wondering if you plan on making a usb 3.0 version in the future?
you're welcome.
thanks jon that was really quick.... awesome
sahil - i'm sorry for your hassles. the payment system is controlled by kickstarter, so we didn't have a choice about it. i will send you a private message to discuss some options though.
i would like to show you guys an email i rcieved fro amazon after my payment was rejected "hello, if you're using a secure online account number, virtual credit card number or a card that must use the cvc code for processing, your transaction may have been declined due to a technical issue preventing these secure online account numbers from processing successfully for amazon orders. this issue can be eliminated in the following ways: -you can use your actual card number printed on your card. -you can use a different payment method making sure the card can be processed without the cvc code. if you're concerned about using your actual card number, i can assure you that all transactions made on our secure server at amazon.com are secure. our secure server software (ssl) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. it encrypts all of your personal information--including credit card number, name and address--so it can't be read as the information travels over the internet. all of our credit card information is stored on a secure, dedicated database. best regards, brian rinnert amazon.com your feedback is helping us build earth's most customer-centric company.  http://www.amazon.com/your-account" i mean whats the point of all the security on these cards if amazon thinks they are above it. i have 3 visa cards and all of them require a cvc... this is f*cking retarded of amazon.
thanks kishor!
congrats!
thank you all! we are so thankful for your support!!!
congrats jon! just a quick check.  can the microusb une bobine support the weight of iphone4 with mophie juice pack plus case?
congrats!!
congratulations again jon...
congrats, jon!
1 more hr guys....
congrats on the success! this is the first kickstarter project i've backed and i know it won't be my last =)
hans - i'm not telling just yet :) but we are definitely planning to get this one wrapped up and shipped before we launch the next project though.
pfff i'm going to miss this... coming to kickstarter... checking my backed projects... selecting "one bobine"... and reading the comments here.... it's become  a habit the last 28 days :-d and now its almost over :-( sniff sniff :-p  so... any new ideas for projects jon? ;-) hehe
vimo - yes, you will get an extension cable with every bobine.
since i pledged 50 that comes with 2 une bobine cables, will it also include two 3 foot usb extension cables as well. thanks!
thanks chris!
200k congratulations jon...
thanks scott!
happy funding day!
sidney - we haven't tested with a bold, but it works great with the curve. the curve is nearly identical in weight and size as the bold 9700. and all of the bold versions are lighter than nearly all the other phones we tested.
does the micro-usb version work with blackberry bolds?
arnold - nice idea...unfortunately my honda cr-v isn't suited for a race course :) i've added your color comment to the list of suggestions.
thanks for the reply.  i have an idea after watching your video of using une bobine in a car.  what about making another video with the being in slalom/zig zag course? so we can see how it hold while in a car doing some sharp turn and sudden acceleration and deceleration.  about the color, i prefer the color is white but not the bright white but rather greysh or ivory white so it will be more blend in with the coil's color. basically the connector's color should be as close as possible to the coil's color but not too close to become a metallic color which as you've been mention before will look cheap as a faux metal.  a couple of days to go and now i'm tempted to raise my pledge.. ;)
arnold - thanks for the question. while it can be wrapped around just about anything, i wouldn't recommend it for everything. i wouldn't suggest using it on a bike. while i still wouldn't recommend it, a shopping cart or baby stroller might be fine if you took care to make sure the cable was wrapped securely on it. the biggest difference between these and use in a car is that the power adapter provides extra stability from the entire cable moving around too much.
will it strong enough to hold iphone or galaxy s advance on a bike/motorbike? shopping trolley? baby's stroller?
since we have had so much fun with our videos, we made one more... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
thanks paul!
love your idea, cant wait to check this bad boy out!
jennie - thanks for understanding.
ok that's understandable. thanks for the quick reply jon.
jennie - unfortunately, i don't think we will be able to split the multiple quantity bobines into separate shipments.  our reward level discounts take into account the lower shipping cost per unit since we will be providing free shipping. i am also not sure if the kickstarter survey we will be using will allow us to handle this without any risk for shipping errors.
christian - thanks! we are considering something....stay posted.
hi! i'm not sure if anyone already asked this. i selected 4 bobines and i would like to gift 2 to friends. i was wondering if you'll make a way to include multiple addresses in the survey?
hello i love this proyect, you must do a special offer for the finals days to increase the money. congratulations!!! muchas felicidades!
jose - we would love to offer both versions in both colors. unfortunately, with the quantities we are ordering right now, this nearly doubles the cost because we don't receive quantity price breaks from our factory split across colors. we would need to nearly double the number of units we are producing in order to hit the cost that would allow us to do this.
i think we should have a choice between white or black connectors. i like the black look better for the iphone.
eric - you are welcome. we definitely have some ideas and even designs. but we can't show them until we know what the connector will be.
thanks for the reply jon, i know its all rumors and speculations, i was just wondering if maybe it had been thought about.  but you summed it up nicely.  thanks again.
jennifer - thank you for the honest feedback. we are definitely open to a consensus from our backers. so far we haven't had everyone in one direction or another. so we pushed this update out knowing we would hear some feedback (in both directions) on the colors. we will keep listening.
oh no, only black connectors for the android version? now i'm almost considering withdrawing my pledge because i was thinking a white connector with my white samsung sii would look perfect with the silver cord, but having a clunky black piece of plastic in between? doesn't seem like it'll look good at all. i really hope you reconsider only having black connectors for androids because yes, we may be used to having black connectors, but the micro usb connector is teensy tiny compared to the une bobine. and if you can only have one color, white blends better with the steel cable - not to mention the fact that the usb extension cords will be white, right? doesn't the black look completely out of place when you view the product as a whole?
@jon fawcett - perfect. thanks
mario - we will send a survey out through kickstarter to all backers after the project completes for you to make your choice and provide your shipping address
how can i choose version of my une bobine?
@lon - i agree with andrea's comment....the differences are pretty clear from watching their video.
a little like comparing apples and oranges.. completely different products,each one has its strengths.
i was a backer a while ago - but i'd love to hear comparisons with une bobine vs. the twig that's getting a lot of press these days - http://mashable.com/2012/06/01/the-twig-kickstarter/
@josh -we are still waiting to get the one x shipped to us. but it has a similar jack location to some of the ones we have tested. here is a list of the phones we tested over the weekend. this covered a lot more than just android phones also. htc - resound, leo/hd2, incredible, surround, sensation, vivid, evo 4g, evo shift lg - prime, vs700, 900g, p350, gx500, c900 moto - bionic, x2 nokia - 7705, n900, c3, 3720, e52, 5800, x3 samsung - attain, s advance, ace plus, precedent, s2, note, nexus blackberry - curve, 8520 adreno - s2400
most of the existing android phones have the micro usb on the bottm left side, apart from the new samsung galaxy s iii (mirco usb on bottom) some of the new handsets have the micro usb on the top left of the device. you might be able to just turn the l-shaped connector around the other way, but some of these connections look a little further away from the corner and the l-connector may not reach it. have you been able to test on new android phones such as the htc one series (htc one x, one xl etc)? link for example of htc one series, 2nd pic - http://www.htc.com/us/smartphones/htc-one-x-att/
@hendra - thanks for the pledge and the comment. we have been and will continue to give all of you as much information as possible at every step of the way.
i cancelled my $25 pledge ........ and upgrade to $100 pledge ! my friends were exited when i showed your projects asked me to pledge for them. your constant communication give me confident to back your project even more and share with my friends. i hope ur project when well and could be delivered in schedule, even will not at least you give us updates problem u are facing that's important.
@believers - the caps are to adjust the fit for different android phones on the micro|usb version. because apple uses a different connector, that is a separate cable. if you would like one for each device, you will be able to select either at the multiple bobine reward levels.
would it be great if there are 2 different head connector for every bobine (iphone and android) ?
do i have to buy different bobine for iphone and android ? or you already included both caps for iphone and android phone ?
@shahrouz - thanks!
awesome
@chris - thanks. @eric - here is the post so you dont need to search for it: right now, there are probably 5 people at apple that actually know what the next connector will be... if it even will be different. so this is purely speculation at this point, which makes it really difficult to say if we'll have an adapter, a new version, or something else. but whatever we do, we will try our best to make sure our kickstarter backers get some sort of discount on whatever we come out with.
eric,  see jon's fifth post down from here for an answer to your question.
there are talks of apple changing the 30 pin dock connector to a smaller one on the next generation iphone (whatever its going to be called) if they do this, will their be an adapter that we can purchase or do you have any thoughts on this since the iphone "5" will likely be released sometime this fall?
thanks @disneyvaca96!
very cool update!  how could you not want this???
@andrea - it sure does. works great too! even though it is huge, i was shocked that it wasn't heavier. it is barely heavier than some phones half its size.  i am trying to get the photos taken today. we're just waiting on our new lightbox to arrive, so we can take some higher quality photos.
wow, does it really work with the note? that thing is huge!
nevermind, i read your reply to courtney. thanks !
been hearing rumors recently that the new iphone is going to have smaller dock connectors. how do you plan to resolve it if it happens?
@sophia - we are trying to get them done in the next few days. we have all the phones in and are putting together our prototype units as fast as we can. i will let you know as soon as we have them. we do have a great design to keep the phones very stable with our micro|usb design. we will explain and show this at the same time.
are there going to be high res images of the android une bobine soon? trying to figure out which to get since the limb.al also makes android and iphones. will the new une bobine be able to safely support the small usb connector on androids?
for colors, put me down for white/silver.  i personally think the silver cable looks way more chic and techy than a black or white cable.  and i think the white connector housing looks better on the silver cable than black, so that's why i like white connectors.  i'm a little biased as i have one sitting on my desk and it looks great in the original colors!
@kenny - thanks for the questions. i don't have insight into some of these items for the other product, but am listing items that appear to be functionally different or different in our approach. - we have 2 lengths, 12" and 24" - they are both very useful in different situations. some of the videos show some cool positioning you can achieve with the longer bobine. - we have engineered custom connectors for everything. for iphone, we are using a locking connector. for micro|usb, we have designed a way to stabilize the phone on such a small connector. these will both be shown in full detail in an update soon.  - une bobine is designed to be your stand (tall, short, coiled, wrapped, desk, nightstand, car, however you want). - every bobine shipped includes a free usb extension cable. - testing - we have purchased dozens of different phones and cases to test with. many at the request of backers to make sure it works for them. - customer service - we personally answer every comment and message. aside from those differentiators, i have had several private messages with one specific question. to answer everyone in one place, une bobine launched first. you can find launch dates and a lot of other cool information on kicktraq.com. for your puppy issue:  you aren't the first person who has asked about pets either. the main portion of the cable is a metal gooseneck. your tasmanian devil will have a hard time chewing his way through it! the connectors are standardized components, so those will be similar to most other cables. but our housings on the connectors should offer a little more protection. the galaxy note is a very nice phone! our test unit arrived this week and it works great on une bobine. we will have photos soon.
@courtney - thanks for the question. right now, there are probably 5 people at apple that actually know what the next connector will be... if it even will be different. so this is purely speculation at this point, which makes it really difficult to say if we'll have an adapter, a new version, or something else. but whatever we do, we will try our best to make sure our kickstarter backers get some sort of discount on whatever we come out with.
i'm a backer and think this is a very smart product.  a few questions, though. this looks very similar to the limb.al available here on kickstarter.  what would you say are the differentiators?  i'm not looking for a "we rock, they stink" kind of answer, just what's different? secondly, i have a puppy/tasmanian-devil-in-training that has chewed through almost all my cords.  what isn't chewed has been stepped on so the usb connector is suddenly bent beyond repair.  will the bobine be able to overcome these? finally, thank you for catering to android as well.  i jumped ship from the 3gs to the galaxy note and have loved the phone, but suddenly noticed how iphone-centric many products are.  thanks!
hi there, not sure if this question has already been asked, but if the rumors of the next iphone having a smaller dock connector are true, will this be a concern with the une bobine coming out in july and the new iphones probably being launched in october? should we just assume there will be some sort of adaptor? i'm planning to adopt the new iphone right away, but i don't want to lose functionality of my awesome une bobines!
@chris - we have tried plating, which coats the outside with a thin layer of metal. but it really doesn't look good. think about plastic products that look like chrome such as cheap kitchen faucets. you can tell right away that it isn't really a solid metal product.
@jon that is true, what about the current style but instead of white try to make it look like it is metal that way the look would be the way i was describing but no shocks when using it lol.
thanks for the reply, cant wait to get my hands on the android version
silver cable and white connectors (a.k.a. "une bobine classic" :-p ) is my overall preference. i guess black connectors would be ok... but i think i'd really prefer the silver cable. i hope you keep it as an option. however i know this is going to be great regardless of the color!
@chris - that would be a nice look, but there are some electrical issues to keep the current from arcing onto the outer housing. we don't want to give anyone a nice shock when plugging in the phone :)
@bipin - thanks for the comments. regarding the firm/rubbery standard cable end: we have engineered a better approach than the standard cable found in other products that makes this a much better device when holding your phone. here's a little explanation of our method: both ends of our cables have 2 injection molding processes. first, we are molding the firm rubber that you mention (santoprene) over the ends of the cables to prevent rotation, pull-out, and keep everything held tight. then we are welding rigid polycarbonate housings over top of these. this required more engineering work and is more expensive in production, but gives a much stronger and more durable connector while allowing it to function better than the rubber alone would. it takes more of the phone's weight off of the dock and onto the housing. on the apple version, we are also using spring-loaded locking buttons that clip inside the jack to keep it held even more secure. this isn't possible with just the santoprene cable end.
if possible i would suggest looking into metal connectors as well as the cable just as a quick test to see if it looks and feels good and put that as an option as well, that way it might be able to be an all in one type of thing where it is just one piece of metal and that's it.
thanks everyone for your comments regarding colors. we don't need to decide this for a few more weeks, so i'll let the comments continue to come in on color preferences and address it again in the next update.
a full black version similar to limb.al is more preferred and i hope the plastic etc connectors on both end are more firm, rubbery type so they don't break off similar to how u see in limb.al and on stock cables provided with samsung and nokia phones
my first pledge on kickstarter (a $75 purchase) and it was on something really awesome and something i really find it useful.  it is a great idea  thanks
second thoughts, all black would be pretty cool!
i think all black would be nice. it'll match with the interior of my jeep.
@ marie.. we are on the same page
first choice: all black second: silver cable, black connectors
all black would be even cooler than what i propsed (black connectors).
beautiful product and therefore my second project backed :-) i would also be very much interested in seeing photos of the android version. also, with regards to colours i think the natural metal silver cable and black connectors may look good for the android version.
black everything would be cool.. id have to see a mock up to see how cool it really look.s
we have had a lot of requests for more photos of the android version. we are diligently working on them and should have them posted in the next few days. however, i wanted to offer a little teaser that we have a very cool system to adjust the micro|usb fit for different phone shapes, sizes, and jack locations. we are currently testing on everything from htc evo's and samsung galaxy's to blackberry curves....i know, not android, but it is micro|usb.
marcelo, we are still deciding if it will be offered in multiple colors. we have had a few people ask about color choices, so we decided to see what the consensus was from the backers via these comments.
hey jon, i like the metal silver like in the project home video. do you will offer collor choice?
regarding colors, if you comment about them, please also let us know if you would prefer to keep the metal cable with the natural metal silver or if you have in mind all black or all white (cable and connectors).
thanks bram!
either color is fine by me.
great project! pledged $25!
black color look ok,i will buy both color.
don't know... i'm pretty neutral on this. my iphone is black, but i'm ok with the classic apple white!
i think i'd perfer black too!
marie-andree! thanks for the message.  we initially picked white because all apple cables are white even for the black devices. but we are open to suggestions....if there is enough demand for a different color, we will definitely consider it.  if there is anyone else that would like to 'vote' on this, please leave a comment here.
is the color for the usb and dock connectors going to be white? since most of the ipod and iphone sold are black, would it be better in black?
bellet, thanks for the comment. we are just as excited as you!
deux bobine pour un français !! vivement juillet ! thanks !!!
thanks lee!
well done! god bless america...
you're welcome phil. thanks for the pledge!
thanks, it's my first time pledging on kickstarter. i changed my pledge to $100 :)
phil, at the end of the kickstarter project, we will send a survey where you will be able to select which versions you want. at the $75 reward level, you could choose one of each. apple and micro|usb will come in both lengths.
how do you buy micro usb version of this cable???? i already pledge for 75$ (4 cables)
brenden,  thanks for the excitement! you quoted my comment from update 8, so i was actually talking about the micro :) but that's not to say we are finished yet!
david, thanks for the pledge and comment!
aaron, thanks for the pledge. it will work in portrait position with the rad tech extender on the lifeproof case. most people who have asked about this case already have the extender. you can find it on the lifeproof website.
chris,  we are still looking at the best route to take for those clips, expect t see the sometime, but not necessarily part of une bobine.
"p.s. we might have more up our sleeves once we cross this next goal!" *jumps up and down* tell tell tell tell tell
just pledged $25 for one une bobine cable! great concept jon, you really have a winner here :-)
just pledged $25 for one! i am very excited to get it. but will it work with the lifeproof case?
i think next goal prize should be smart clip for the ipad i was looking forward to it i just as excited for this project
thanks james!
sounds excellent - can't wait. congratulations on the product and the amazing funding achievement.
thanks for the pledge james! you are correct about the weight. this is why we have chosen the lengths that we offer. unless your lighter or power adapter has a usb port straight up, you will probably want to flex une bobine around to a position where the weight is on something other than the adapter. likewise, on a computer, you will typically want even a short loop down to the desk to take the weight off your usb port if you will be using it everyday for extended periods. even with the 12" petite bobine, there is enough length to do this. on the apple end, we are actually using a locking connector to help spread the weight off the jack and onto the housing and cable. this is similar to cables that you see on the market with 2 buttons on the connector. the buttons release the locks. this has the added benefit of significantly better holding in landscape.
this looks amazing, just pledged $75 for four cables - hope i'm not too late. i'm most excited about using it in the car (i hate the stupid tomtom gps cradle for iphone). one question about it: how is the weight distributed? does the bobine put any weight on the cigarette lighter / usb power adapter? it wouldn't be able to take the strain of a 2' cable plus the phone. presumably in the in-car test drive video, the weight of the phone and the bobine is resting on the bottom of the cup holder. is that right?
thanks for the reminder cory! we need everyone's vote.
thanks charlie! ans she is sure to love the stickers :)
don't forget to vote for une bobine every day at http://www.thewilliammcshanefund.com/vote/ :)
six figures my friend, not to shabby.  now that you decided to let all of us android folks play, i upped my pledge to get four cables.  two for me and two for the wife.  i guess that means lily gets the five pack of stickers.  fun for the whole family.
khoi, yes. both lengths will be available in both connectors! so that is 4 total choices of bobines and at any pledge level, you have complete choice over which ones you receive.
thanks meg! my 2 kids are already are asking when they get them for their ipods too!
so does the micro usb version comes with both 12inch and 24inch selection as well? or the 12 inch version is only available for iphone connector
just upped my bid so my boys don't steal my une!! can't wait for christmas is july!!
1000% percent. thank you all for your pledges!
cameron, thanks for the pledge! the extensions are per bobine! so every bobine you receive will have an extension in the box.
the more i think about the "une bobine" the more i like the idea. bumped my pledge up to 2 of them, i didn't think 1 would be enough! quick question: are the extensions per pledge or per bobine? ie. will i get 2 of them? great work guys, shining example of the ingenuity of kickstarter projects!
marcelo, we're waiting for the samples to be delivered from the factory. and we are making sure we have everything exactly as we want before posting photos. they will be very similar to most extensions you can find online, but want to post photos of the exact ones we will be shipping. as an example, most extensions you see are black, but we are getting white ones to match the connector housings of une bobine and give you a nicer look!
daniel, great idea, but enorme bobine (huge in french :) isn't very feasible for how une bobine works. the longer the cable is, the thicker the metal has to be in order to provide the same force to hold your phone. in order to make one that could go the length you are asking for, it would be so thick that you wouldn't be able to use it on a desk, car, or nightstand.
aimee, thanks for the pledge!
kishor and chris, thanks for being as excited about this product as we are! we are thankful for all the backers that allow us to give everyone an extender!
jose, we've had a few people request this and we have researched it.there isn't enough room inside the metal cable for the additional wiring that we would need for audio. so it's a competing feature vs. the primary feature of une bobine...if we make the cable bigger to fit the extra wires, you can't flex it around as freely as you can now. we haven't ruled it out for the future, but it probably would have to be a separate bobine.
dennis, thanks! we should also have some images of the final (or close to it) housing in the next week! the additional funding has allowed us to make your bobines even better looking!
it's going to take me a while to reply to all the messages and comments this morning, so please be patient. we will reply to everyone and get an update out today! thanks for getting us to the funding we needed to be able to include the extension cables with every bobine!
how the extension cable looks like? congratulations for this amazing product!
daniel kusar, i don't understand your point. with the extension cable you'll be able to reach the desk from the floor, and you still have "the fun" on your desk.  a gigantic une bobine would probably cost bucketloads of money and i suspect that it wouldn't be comfortable to use in normal desk use. it would take a lot of space.
24 inches isn't really what i was looking for. i believe the une bobine should be long enough to reach from the floor to a desk/table. which means at least 800mm or rather  1200mm or longer so it can stand as well. the usb extension only takes the fun out of using this product.
24 inches isn't really what i was looking for. i believe the une bobine should be long enough to reach from the floor to a desk/table. which means at least 800mm or rather  1200mm or longer so it can stand as well. the usb extension only takes the fun out of using this product.
we hit $90,000 now we all can get the extenders :p
this is such an awesome project. i originally bought one for my husband who is iphone mad, but i love this idea so much, i've just bought another for myself. keep up the great work!
thanks manuel dingerkus, you made it to hit 90,000!!!
i'm talking about usb and audio iphone cable
maybe if this project passes the $90,000 goal he will make a cable like this. http://www.google.com/search…
the prototype looks good! can't wait to receive my bobines. great project!
thanks bro. glad you are liking it. keep letting me know how it's working for you! if anyone is interested, here's the pic he emailed me. http://www.fusechicken.com/fusechicken/images/unebobine/deskclock.jpg
hey all.  so, i'm one of about 4 lucky people to actually get a prototype une bobine (that's what happens when your brother has a nice kickstarter project).  i've had it for just 3 days now.  it's on my desk at work.  i'm a notorious drink spiller, so i'm glad my phone is now elevated, but the main thing i found that i love about it is using it as a clock.  i know, sounds kinda simple, but i just put a nice clock app with weather report on the iphone and set it to autolock when i'm charging.  it's a much larger display than the little date and time on my computer screen. i also have my calendar linked to my work calender, so whenever a meeting reminder pops up i see it (or a phone call/text for that matter).  this is really great because i've always got my headphones on listening to tunes, so i would often miss the audible ping.  but with the phone literally a few inches from my screen, my eye catches anything in my peripheral vision. i think you guys are gonna love this thing.
$5,649 left to go (at the time of writing this comment) until we hit $90,000 we can do it, lets hit it and we will get the extenders :p
david, thanks for your vote of confidence with your pledge! we take all of your pledges seriously and have been working around the clock to make these the best products possible for you!
your updates keep increasing my confidence in this project...just increased to $100.
disneyvaca96, it's good to know that i'm not the only one refreshing all day long :)
yes, i know, i read that in the updates...  i'm keeping a very close eye on this progress!  in fact, this is my home page now...can you say ocd???  f5 f5 f5!!!
disneyvaca96, $90k is just our goal to offer all of you free usb extension cables with every bobine :)
$90k?  no way!  you're thinking too small!  this product is awesome!  i bet we close above $175k-$200k!!
shahrouz, we're getting even closer!
$8,500 more to go! im sure we can hit that goal in 25 days!
sachiko, yes, we have tested with the lifeproof case. the door does not open far enough to allow us to connect. however, it works great with the rad tech extender that most people use with this case.
do you test it with lifeproof case?
hans, that would make a nice product! but that would be tough to pull off in 27 days :)
hahaha i just found out what the next big feature will be for une bobine and the little guy when we reach $150,000  :-) i'm 100% sure u had a meeting with these guys (or will have): http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/scrappile/cordlite-illuminated-charger-cable-for-your-iphone… ok i admit it's a wild guess, but one should never stop dreaming :-p we still have 27days to go so... :-d pfff did i just say 27? :-(
marc, it will all depend on exactly what that new connector would be. i don't think anyone outside a couple of apple employees knows this yet. we do have some ideas on how to accommodate different connectors and device sizes/weights. but we won't know exactly which direction to go until the next phone is released.
what if the plug of the new iphone 5 become different...? like here: http://www.macrumors.com/2012/05/14/what-a-tall-iphone-5-with-4-inch-display-looks-like/
luis, i have tested it with the griffin bumper, but not the apple one yet. i am still waiting to get one shipped to me. i expect it will work fine though.
just wondering, will the bobine fit or be usable with apple's bumper on the iphone? the petite version sounds tempting to be sure!
awesome chris! thanks!
just upped my pledge to $50 so i could get one of each length + the extension if we reach the $90,000 mark  due to the latest update. amazing job guys!
thanks superdeluxe!
this looks great!
thanks leo!
just up'ed my pledge... keep up the great work!!
disneyvaca96, send me a message near the end of the project date and i'll make a note to throw in an extra one for you so you can keep the family peace :)
i was in for 1, but my son saw it and we decided to go in for 6!  there's gonna be a fight for the 8x10 print!
we tested une bobine with the vapor pro aluminum case today and it works fine.
fabien, we have received this question a lot. unfortunately, ipad weighs too much to hold with the dock connector like this.
hi jon, have you tried holding an ipad with une bobine? cheers, can't wait to get it!
hans, the connector is identical on all of them so it shouldn't be an problem.
trond, thank your wife from us please!
frederik, thanks!
jon, since no one knows what the new connector will be (if there is a new one), this is a really hard question to answer. but we are already coming up with designs that should accommodate a smaller connector once we know what that connector is. at this point, i can't say if that would be an adapter or a new design.
hey jon, my sister has an iphone 3gs - i want to give a bobine to her to use it in her car - do u think this is a good idea - have u tried older models or ipods and how they fit, since housing there is a bit different  - i'm buying 4 now and it would b a big bonus if she could use it in her car too. thx.
my wife saw my post on facebook and asked if i wouldn't get her one too. for the sake of peace at home, i upped my pledge. ;)
thanks for the reply, john! keep up the good work! (love the free shipping gesture you're doing)
if these new rumors of a smaller iphone 5 dock connector are true, will there be an adapter availible for une bobine? i'd hate to only get a few months out of such a cool product before upgrading my phone. :)
we have not encountered any delays yet getting started with the factory. so we are still doing great for the schedule.
i can't wait for mine- hopefully production won't be delayed so i can use it before the new iphone comes out
thanks trond!
just found this fantastic little gizmo on a norwegian site (http://www.dinside.no/895280/iphone-kabelen-blir-stativ), and now im a backer! :)
we will get it figured out and do the best we can. thanks andrea!
yeah it's a very nebulous topic. of course you can't guarantee what is not under your direct control. i'm sure you'll do the best you can and that's awesome.
andrea, i read the same thing about the $25, but wanted to figure it out with our shipper before committing to that because i also read some conflicting information.
i'm almost sure that if the declared value is under a certain threshold, customs do not apply; $25 should be ok. this is what kept me from backing other interesting projects though :-/  if you can, just don't declare an additional shipping cost, even if you are paying for it, because the threshold is considered on the sum of the two (item value + shipping) regarding my question on the shipping address, i've read the kickstarter email about the survey you'll send me... yeah i could have done that before asking :-p
rob, we will get this case to test it out for you.
andrea, we are starting to talk with distribution/shipping facilities to make arrangements for them to handle our reward shipping. i know that italy is one of the hardest countries to ship to from the us. but hopefully we can figure out the best method with our shipper to limit any duties that the receiver would owe.
i apologize for the delay responding to the comments and all of the messages. i just got back from my trip to meet with the factory and will be catching up on all of these over the next few days as well as posting some updates.
my first backed project :-) hopefully a $25 purchase should not make me pay customs duties when shipped to my home in italy.  speaking of this, i think i did not insert my home address anywhere in kickstarter, will you guys obtain that from amazon? sorry for the newbie question!
this looks really cool. i just hope the 30 pins connector is has a  slimline profile like the one that ships with the iphone 4s, otherwise it'll not fit a lot of cases. like my element vapor 4 as the opening will be too narrow. ;)
that's amazing... i want...
cool. our iphone 5 concept showing une bobine is on mashable's homepage right now!  here is a direct link also. http://mashable.com/2012/05/13/iphone-5-concept/
we are still working on that with retailers. but you can expect the cost to be similar to our single reward level (except without free shipping, of course)
how much will it cost ( retail) after you guys release it into the wild?:)
frederik, thanks!  the nice thing about the apple connector versus android micro-usb or others  is that most of the weight is actually on the housing of the phone, not on the connector. if you look on your phone, you will see the thin connector inside the opening. this slides into the center of the connector on the cable. but the metal area around this on the cable sits pretty tight against the perimeter of the opening in your phone.  so there isn't a lot of stress actually on the small connector. the weight is carried by the housing of the phone around the connector.. this is actually holding the phone in the same manner as most docks, which have all of the weight on the connector also. i hope this helps.
leo, we will have details soon for the extension. also, it does work very well in places like the kitchen counter where the wall charger is a little bit above the counter. we loop ours down onto the counter and then back up so the phone sits about level with the charger. the extension will help in a lot of places though for nightstand, desktop computer, etc.
hi john, love this product! but i am worried about the strain this will put on the dock connector, especially in landscape orientation. are you sure this isn't bad for the phone? cheers, fred
just backed and yes, definitely need an extension cord, can't expect us to plug this into a wall now right? if an extension is included, i will back 10 plus more, thank you and keep up the great work.
mike, thanks for the comment. i'm excited about the extension too. we should know final details soon.  for the voting, i don't think you can vote without logging into facebook. you aren't the first one who has asked me this. maybe just tell all your friends who do have facebook to vote :)
to the proud father of une bobine.....we made it and to you go the kudos.  and i'm totally jazzed about a longer cord. i didn't know about the lifeproof line of cases before now,  but speaking for my otterbox (the defender series), there looks to be no problem with the door covering the port....it opens full wide, 180 degrees. and here is a question to any of the other backers and you too jon......is there a way to vote for  the buckyballs/brookstone backing funding other than facebook?  at the risk of offending, i hate facebook and don't wish to become a member.   .
the lifeproof case and radtech extender just arrived. because the project page is already getting quite long, i have put a photo up at http://fusechicken.com/kickstarter/lifeproof.jpg i didn't know before now that the door covering the port only opened 90 degrees. this looks to be a problem plugging it into une bobine if you don't have the radtech extender. the extender allows it to plug in fine. but the extender is pretty loose (at least on the one i received) which makes it a lot less stable. i would only recommend using it at a lower position like shown in the photos. the picture has the bottom of the phone 4.5 inches above my desk.
thanks chris!
1,000 backers congratulations jon...
en wyce, thanks for the comment and taking the leap of faith on us! at this point, i am planning to fly out at 8pm monday. but i am still working on some other meetings that might cause me to extend it. i will let you know if i will be there longer. i'd love to hook up over coffee with some of our backers!
congratulations on completely obliterating your funding goal. first project i've made the leap of faith to actually back. was wondering if monday is the only day you'll be available. would love to check out the prototype/sample. considering on getting more for friends and family. thank you for your hard work and determination. once again, congratulations.
hans, thanks for the feedback. see my comment just below about the cable extension. we should know early next week to be able to announce it. your idea for a usb cap is brilliant! i will be checking into this also.
holden, we did the electrical engineering work today to determine voltages across different cable gauges. and it appears to not be a question of if we can do 2-3 extra feet and still charge, but what wire gauge we need to use. so we are finalizing all of that and will be discussing the details and pricing with the factory at our meeting on monday.
jannick, we are shipping worldwide for free. so there shouldn't be anything else you need to pay more for. did i understand your question correctly or were you asking about something else?
hi jon, congrats with the funding :-) really like this project (i bought 2... for now) a. ur poll on the usb extension cord length:  2/3 of the original power cord could do it for me - if u don't add any in the end at least let us know what is the maximum that is possible b. ever considered a protection cap for the usb-plug in case one would wanna use it just as a designer stand indoors or outdoors where there is sand which could damage the plug - i would like that addition (if it wasn't already thought of of course) enjoy manufacturing ur babies euhmm ... bobines - viewing the pledged amount u'll be  making a lot of them ;-)
jon, thanks so much for considering the extension cable. the length of the stock charge cable for ios devices is around 2 or 3 feet, right? that length should be good enough for me since i'm already using that cable in my current setup.
first time that i have pledged! and wow this looks amazing!:d just hope it works very well!:d though i hope it is long enough as others have said i would need it too be nearly as long as the normal charge cable otherwise it wont fully suit the need i have/:? other than that really great job!:) and btw just some stupid idiotic question: shall i pay more when it gets into my country (denmark) :)?  if you answer then thanks alot!
quick poll: if we added a usb extension cable so you could reach from your desk/table/nightstand down to your computer or wall plug, how long would you need?
we have had a lot of requests for large quantity retail packs and just added a 100 pack of une bobines for retail. we are still working on the requests for customized/branded versions and hope to have that information no later than monday after our meeting with the factory. if you would like larger quantities than 100, you can increase your pledge and keep that reward selected. we will ship as many units as you have pledged for.
eric, once we passed our funding goal, we started asking what features that we had been discussing should be added on to the project to enhance it. one that we are looking into this week is how long we can make the cable and still get sufficient power to charge as well as possibly adding a usb extension cable. in initial testing, we're leaning towards an add-on extension cable. the rigidity of une bobine is great for holding the phone, but to run it around from a nightstand to the wall charger might be better suited to a standard extension cable.
dhruva, thank you! we are just as excited to get these made and shipped out to everyone.
pretty awesome!  my only concern is the length.  see for me i use an power strip with a long cord and its right underneath my side of the bed.  and usually lay my iphone on my nightstand which is over 2 feet tall.    i really hope that the length of this will be at least as long as the oem iphone cable.  not a deal breaker but that is one of my pet peeves is the cable being too short and i wish the oem cable was longer than what it is.  the une bobine looks amazing and i cannot wait to get mine!
my first pledge on kickstarter and it was on something really awesome and something i really find useful. looking forward to get my une bobine soon.
i hope this is close! please give me credit for trying :) je suis heureux que vous l'aimez. merci beaucoup de nous aider!
j'attendais avec impatience un connecteur de ce genre! wow! j'ai payé 50$ us pour une merde de belkin... --- hope you guys understand french for real ;)
wow. you guys are awesome! another round of thank you's is in order to all of our backers! i'm heading home from work to watch the tuaw tv live podcast. should be a fun evening.
we just took une bobine out for a drive in my car. the video showing how it works in a car is posted at the bottom of the project page.
mike, i will test it with an extension to see if we can get that length, the same applies to holden's usb extension cable comment. one problem with usb is that the longer the line, the greater the voltage drop. this is just like trying to use a really long extension cord on a large power tool.  so we need to make sure that we can still get enough juice to charge the phone at that length. we will definitely post some updates as we get into testing these lengths.
i should think that 3' would be a good option.  i drive a pickup and there's no central console between the seats, so being able to reach, say, my rear view mirror or the passenger side visor and let it hang from there would be ideal.  in any case, as little extra length might add to une bobine's flexibility. thanks for being so open to our suggestions jon.
holden, thanks for the idea! i will get pricing on those to see what we can include and what the cost will be.
congrats on funding, jon. it might be worthwhile to have an option that includes a usb extension cable for people who want to use this on their desktops. i was sold on this from the photo that shows the phone standing at eye-level next to a desktop monitor, but then realized i'd need to run an extension cable to actually make it reach any of my usb ports with the two foot cable length. it's not a deal breaker at all - just might be worth including it (at a markup) so you have all your customers covered out of the box.
mike, thanks for the suggestion! we currently have it 2 feet (600mm) long. how much longer are you thinking?
greetings from the other coast bob.   here's my two cents weighing in on possible "adjustments" to your great product.  there is no shortage of advice that you must be receiving on this, but for my needs for an une bovine tweak, longer is better.  that was my first thought when i pledged the other day, and if there's a way to make this adjustment!, even for an additional pledge, i'm all for it!
sajid, i'll try to take a video of it to post for you.
i'm a backer and i have a question. how sturdy is this inside of a car. will it stay in position through spirited, curvy road drives? or will it bend/ sway or fall to the side? the iphone inside of a case would make it to be top-heavy, won't it? i'm asking because i've previously owned a mount by a company that had a similar flex cable neck. it would always fall or sway off to the side due to the weight of the iphone.
congratulations jon... 100% funded...
congrats!!!!full funding!!
landscape orientation does work! we did some further testing this morning. it turns out, that it works, just a little differently than we expected. we had initially tried landscape orientation using the same coiled lower portion of the cable, which tends to not stay in position. after further testing, we found that landscape mode does work great if you don't coil the base up. stay tuned for a project update shortly with photos.
so not cool to pledge $1 on a project just so you can post a link to your competitive project.
@bill may - competetive product even in ks!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
thanks avril!
i am very excited to get mine!! thanks, such an amazing product!!
there should be no issues with a bumper or case that works with the standard iphone cable. if you scroll to the bottom of the project page, there is more explanation in the faq.
will the cable fit into a phone in an apple bumper?
todd, i actually would love to. but it wouldnt be fair to the people who have pledged $50 already. jon
jon, can you add more of the $40 backers? i would like to upgrade mine!
thanks david!
brilliant!    i love it!
howard, thanks for the question. we have not encountered any issues with this. the cable strength was selected to provide just enough support for the weight of the phone. but it should flex before any damage can be done to the connector. with that said, you do need to be careful, just as you would with most docks to not flex too hard on the phone when it is plugged in. thanks, jon
being there is no back support for the iphone and you are just using the connector to hold the phone, have you experienced any problems with the 30 pin connector on the iphone due to flexing the connector?
2 thumbs up jon.....
thanks kickstarters for getting us halfway there in just over 1 day!!
thanks for the comment ck. at this time, we don't have any plans for that. personally, i have one of the adapters you are talking about, just a simple lighter plug with a usb jack on it. the photos in the car on our project page are plugged into this type of adapter. thanks, jon
first off, great idea and perfect price point! will there be options down the line for a dedicated car charger plug ? there are literally zero quality iphone car charger/cradles available! the belkin tune base was ok until it broke (most other users found this to be the case as well). it would be great to have a bobine with a car charger plug, athough for now i will be connecting mine to a usb/car charger adapter. in any case again great idea and good luck on the project!
+1 to the vertical mode and more... good luck in your project!!
thanks damian! we have a lot more planned for this product as well. there will be regular updates coming out as we get closer to the funding goal.
awesome idea. kinda like infiniteloop project.
thanks for the kind words, mike! at this rate, we'll be funded in no time thanks to great backers like you!
what a great, and may i add totally affordable gadget bob.  congratulations!  i predict you'll reach the pledge goal withing record time.
