never received my reward – i'm frustrated because it sounds amazing! can you fill me in on a tracking number or something? jennifernewcomb@icloud.com
dear wakawaka kickstarters, agents of light  over the years you have shown your amazing support for wakawaka! from the ebola victims in sierra-leone to refugees from syria and from victims of the earthquake in nepal to the one in haïti and now again during the aftermath of hurricane matthew. many of them have received an affordable and clean source of light thanks to our agents of light, you. 5 years after our first crowdfunding campaign we are now working on a new secret project… (sssstt) more information will be revealed to you very soon but in the meantime we have a request. it would be great if you could send us a picture of you using your wakawaka, from anywhere in the world! please send your pictures to gerdien@waka-waka.com.   we hope to hear from you, and you will definitely hear more from us soon!  warm regards, also on behalf of maurits camille  co-founder, co-ceo wakawaka
@scott stortz. if u are still interested in getting one i can sell u mine for what i got it
been trying to get waka waka to make more for months now anybody want to get rid of theirs let me know
i have now received a wakawaka.  thank you.
i never received a reward.
i got the base 10, and still haven't figured out how to use it. i sure would have appreciated more instructions included. does anyone have either (1) instructions or maybe (2) interested in buying this from me? :(
i never received my wakawaka (can't remember which one i ordered).  it's been so long.  please let me know what the status is.  thank you.
i have a base 10 that i am interested in selling. please contact me at info@jcaintl.com
dear backers, currently, the wakawaka base 10 is out of stock. we don't know when they will be available. if you need any assistance or have any questions, please don't hesitate to get in touch via info@waka-waka.com sunny wishes on behalf of the wakawaka team camille
ryan i have a base 10 that i am interested in selling. please contact me at winston008@yahoo.com
hi all. i had my base 10 delivered to the hospital where i work and it got stolen before i ever got to lay hands on it. if anyone has a base 10 they would be willing to sell, let me know! i'd like to finally get into my hands the project i backed!
hi team wakawaka, i got my base10 almost one month ago and i have tested it since that. everything good. i only use it for my urban life, for charging my smartphones so i do not use the rugged pouch and neither the lights. i have wakwaka light and power+ too and since i have base 10, i do not use power+ because it is really slow to charge from the sun if you compare with base 10.  so i am thinking to buy another wakawaka but only the base10 (not the solar panels). are you thinking this option to sell it from your webpage? also i wish one day i can charge my laptop with some of your products so i cheer up you to make your new "wakawaka powerwall" soon :) best from northwest spain.
i'm still waiting for mine after a month :(
dear backers, our colleague made a short instruction clip about the waterproof pouch. you can view it here: https://twitter.com/wakawakalight/status/644221409997099008 if you have the feeling that your wakawaka base has an issue, then please send an email to info@waka-waka.com so we can help you.
i agree with a previous post on how to use the bag. from the image on the box it seems the bag should fold in half and the clips should then attach to male and female clips at the bottom of the bag. those clips are missing and not sewn in. the supplied hanging strap would then clip to the rings creating a shoulder bag. someone did not quality control the bags that we received.
received my wakawaka base 10. it is claimed it has a 2.1 amp output which should be enought to charge an ipad. it will charge an iphone 6 but not an ipad plugged into the apple usb port. is mine defective? i was also disapointed that the solar panel is not in a 2x2 configuration. if asked for input i would have opted for a 2x2 with the addition of grommets for fastening.  i expect the rubber elastic threaed around the panel assembly will strech out and break over time.
hello! my name is joaquin, i'm from argentina. i'm in wakawaka base project: a power & light first aid kit and i feel a little lost, i wanted to see if i could reply to a question. i shipping to my country and was sent? is there somewhere you can see the track? i consult because i'm really anxious :) thank you!
are we meant to have revived our rewards? it's ok sending update about how it functions but i'm still waiting for mine. this is getting a joke. it'll be winter in the uk before i get mine and there will be no sun to try and charge the blasted thing. com'on where's my kit.
received mine wooo hoooooooooo, everything is working fine, just in time for a 2 week business trip, airport / hotel / meeting etc. thanks waka...
i'm in no way an engineer, but here are my thoughts after playing with the base: 1) as someone mentioned, the bumper is too loose and yes, it's annoying that all the tabs pop off if you move it. 2) the panel should be a 2x2, or more of a squarish configuration if there are different panel choices. 3) the panel should have a controller on it with usb out. then only one cable is necessary (usb to micro) to charge the base and the lights. it would also reduce the ports on the base. 4) speaking of ports, why so many? maybe just have one for lights and one for apple / general use? 5) not sure the reasoning for two lights, one with battery and one without.  i prefer the one with a battery. it would be cool to have a led wrap around the base and have it glow as a secondary lamp, but i'm guessing cost would be too high. 6) i actually like the bag since you can throw other small items as needed. if i had to be critical, the yellow on the bag is different than the yellow on the base. 7) maybe i'm doing it wrong, but sometimes the base won't start charging my phone.  i'll constantly unplug the cable from both the base and phone and replug, trying different orders to get it to work. don't get me wrong, i love this product. just want to offer my 2 cents. thanks wakawaka!
fellow backers and creators as wakawaka, i note i should be considerate and respectful. i have sent five emails to amber van leeuwen at customer service for wakawaka regarding the bag/pouch. the response has been less than satisfactory. the bag/pouch supplied is not what i purchased, not want was advertised on the manual supplied. i have indicated my dissatisfaction with the product supplied but no offer of a refund has been made by customer service. is wakawaka allowed to miss-advertise their product because it is innovative? because it has backed via kicksstarter? amber van leeuwen confirmed the reason for the change was cost, too costly for wakawaka. effected their bottom line? i am being respectful but i am not of the opinion that wakawaka was considerate to their backers by delivering this bag/pouch.  to kickstarter this attitude towards backers will effect your business. respectful but unhappy ivan shannon
i'm in the usa. haven't received my base 10 yet. contacted wakawaka through kickstarter without reply. i am hoping i'll hear back shortly.
live in quebec canada, still nothing, can you provide tracking number please...
mine doesn't rattle.
sorry if someone answered this already, couldn't find the post,  whats the rattling noise inside the base 10 unit?
i haven't received mine yet.  do you have a tracking number?
@matthew tnx for the video, now i get it
am i the only one that just doesnt "get" the bag?
i live in ontario canada and i haven't received my base yet, is there some sort of tracking number?
@david, see https://m.youtube.com/watch… courtesy yawei's post 12 days ago.
am i being a bit stupid? i can't work out how the clip on the bag works! if you clip them together it makes a loop? is that to hang it? i can't see how to seal/shut the bag. anyone able to help. the rest of the kit is brilliant.
haven't  received my base10 :(
sorry i meant to add in the previous post; it looks like the base units have an overcharge cut-off function that is indicated by the single flashing red led. which most likely changes from full charge current to trickle charge. without a test meter, i cannot verify this as 100% accurate so an explanation from the ww team would be good :) apologies if you've done this already but i don't wish to scroll through all the posts to find out :) steve
my experience on fully charging the base 10 (i assume the base 5 functionality is identical?) is that the four red led's revert to a single blinking red led. when you press on the centre button, all four green led's indicate a full charge. i'm also guessing that a 90% (or less) charge will also be indicated by all four green led's illuminating so the only real way to tell that it is 100% full is when the blinking single red led is displayed. i hope this helps :) steve
20 minutes later - the 4th charging led lit up. the tank is full!
oops, mucked that up. here's a pic of my base being charged from a wall charger and also charging my apple watch http://i.imgur.com/ixthx9i.jpg at 1 o'clock (blue) is the usb charge out to the watch at 4 o'clock (green) is the dc charge from the wall charger into the base after 6 o'clock (yellow but they look green in the pic) are four leds indicating the charge status of the base. there are three out of four lit up, indicating that the base is not yet fully charged.
http://i.imgur.com/ixthx9i.jpg
now i found it to be logical. turn the base so it is horizion aligned, now look at the symbols. press the button and four leds light up from the empty battery icon to the battery full icon. but it should not have to be logical, it should be a no-brainer thing. but i like it
i think i have it figure out about the leds. the battery pack is fully charged and four leds are lit. i was expecting the full circle to be green. ;=)
one other thing that came to my mind. i haven't charge the base on solar power yet, so i can't confirm. however, a problem with the first waka was that when on solar charge it would never show all the leds solid as it should do when it is fully charged. this was due to the fact that in order to light up the leds the waka needed som juice and therefore never came up to a 100%. is this problem fixed now ? anyone tested yet, or does camille have a response?
@bill, same here. the leds don't seem to accurately indicate the status of the battery. either that or the battery isn't full charged. i hope it's not the latter. @elijah @gerd @christopher mine hasn't got anything loose or rattling around inside.
i noticed that when my base 10 is fully charged only half of the green leds are lit.
to clarify with regards to the 2x2 versus 1x4 configuration i mentioned: if there could be four panels like this - : : - but still fold into a single panel like the 1x4 does. that would be totally awesome, imo. i realize the earlier prototypes were 2x2 ( : : ) but only folded once ( : )
i received mine today and i'm very happy with it. a couple of notes: i, too, feel as though a 2x2 instead of 1x4 configuration would be a lot more useful as far as options go. i can see it hard finding somewhere other than the ground to lay it out on unless you have half of a park bench, the hood of a vehicle, etc. also, the water resistant bumper on mine does not fit snugly. a slight move and every single one of the independent covers pop out. i just took it off because i couldn't even put it in the bag without this happening. i could cut the covers off and just use it as a drop guard, but i'm more worried about a splash than a drop. the third thing is, i find the bag awkward. the one pictured a couple of updates ago as the replacement for the original looked good, including the zipper. the "new" new one is a bit weird. i guess you could click it on to a backpack, but i would have liked to have been able to close the top appropriately, such as fold it over a few times on top and snap closed. it would be less awkward if it had an alternative option to close the top (and a handle that didn't require clicking the ends together funny-like).
compared to the rest of the components i find the pouch rather akward, would have liked to see a softer material. everything else looks amazing, but i never had any doubts. the manual needs to be a bit improved as well. some questions, the fourth output that is dedicated for the lights, does it mean that it will only function with the lights or can you plug in another usb device there? and why isn't there an instruction for what the output/inputs in the lights are for. a bit confusing and it doesn't say what capacity the battery in the light is or it's charge rates
o man, i just received mine minutes ago, gently removed it from the box and as i'm explaining to the receptionist how awesome this is the base makes a plastic pinball sound!  something large inside is loose and running around!  dang it!  the box it was shipped in and the waka waka boxes are all in great shape too.  not sure what it is or what to do about it now?  i leave for my 9 day elk hunting trip on the 20th too.  feel free to give me a call.
i received my base 10 yesterday. since it was a rainy day i charged the battery with the usb cable. i noticed that the solar panel has a round plug that connects with the battery pack. this plug doesn't fit any of my other battery packs or chargers. my question is can the solar panel be used to charge other devices other than the waka waka base?
here's my waka waka family!  quality is excellent as they are made for tough conditions. http://imgur.com/ne7om3n
sure would be nice if you sent your backers a ship notification.  running loose doesn't give me a warm and fuzzy that the company will be enduring and making a difference in the world we live in for the long term.
just received mine. the packaging is well conceived and executed. for the most part the contents meet or exceed what i expect from wakawaka given my past experience. as others have noted, no lanyard was included. also the sos mode on the light seems to be some sort of compressed morse code ... not a biggie but i would have thought it would be an issue that would have been resolved early in the testing.
we have received quite a few inquiries about the 4th led on the battery pack. it keeps on flashing if it’s attached to the solar panel or if it’s being charged via the ac grid. how will you see if it’s fully loaded? disconnect the battery pack from all the cables and press the big button in the middle. if all lights are green, then it’s fully loaded. please let us know if you have any more questions. and do keep the wonderful pictures, comments and suggestions coming. we love them!
just got mine today! haven't opened it up yet. going to do that right now actually :d
can i please get a tracking number
received mine in hk last week (put didn't pick it up until today). parts definitely feel like quality, however a bit disappointed in the shape of the solar panel. there are four panels all together which have been lined up in one row instead of two (i.e 1x4 instead of 2x2) which is not what the pictures show in the campaign nor was there any mention of design change. it may not sound like much of a problem but i'd imagine quite a few people will be carrying this unit in a backpack or if you are like me - will try to mount the panel on the backpack so the battery can charge while i walk/hike. so if you are hiking with a backpack then 2x2 will be a lot easier to attach than a long 1x4 unit that will hit you on the butt each time you take a step. probably an option you should add in future is being able to choose between the 2 configurations
i am worried for i haven't received mine yet. it was to be delivered at a friend's house who got his, but mine did not arrive or perhaps was stolen as fedex and/or ups have the bad habit of leaving packages at the door. was there a tracking number? how may i find out if my waka was not yet sent or if it was delivered and stolen? thanks
everything is as expected, it works great even in northern germany on a cloudy day. there is only one thing, when i shake the base there is a rattling sound of a loose part inside. it seems that i'm not the only one with a rattling base, is this something we should worry about? cheers
i got the 2 units a few days ago. can i check with you guys if you shake the power bank, does it make noise like there is something loose inside like a connector or something that is moving about. thanks.
arrived last week, exceeds expectations! well done. question: where can my mates buy one? cant find the product in your website shop. cheers
a rare sunny day in cornwall and the base is making full use of it! looks great. it'll be heading out to west africa in a couple of months.
just received my base 10 in australia - looks great, just have to wait for morning to try solar panel. does anyone know how you tell when the rechargeable light is fully charged ? thanks brett
received my base 10 today. love the packaging! took it out, put it into the sunshine to top up the battery (it was almost fully charged on arrival). quickly topped up the battery from the sun. everything works, great design. looking forward to more use and determining how much charge i can get out of the base10!
just received my base 10 today (backer #450, in colorado).  looks (and works) great -- thanks!
@freddy, according to the spec sheet, the base 10 (10a) solar panel can charge the battery at a maximum of 0.85a (10w/12v). i'm guessing that the circuitry is not able to differentiate between solar and ac power charging and limits the latter to the same 0.85a. it would have been nice if power charging was possible at up to the 2.5a level that tablets take these days, thus reducing the power charge time needed by two thirds. maybe for waka waka 3? anyway, that's not really answering your question!
just received super early bird base 10. live in southern nj.
@jesko what you are describing is exactly the same issue that i mentioned below too. the 4th led never seems to stop flashing. so i'm not the only one. i use an ac-adapter from my nexus7-tablet (1.35 a) @khem & @roma thank you for your feedback. so it seems that there are some base10s that behave differently, hmmm.... i hope, my base10 is not broken. hopefully this "infinite charge" is just cosmetic. any official feedback from wakawaka would be welcome.
hi, i got my waka waka base 10 yesterday. it was 75% charged. since it was cloudy i charged it with ac power via usb. this morning the 4th led was still flashing. is this just an error in the indicators or is the battery still not full after, 15 hours of charging regarding a initial battery charge of 75%. another question: why did you go from a rather square sized solar panel to a long rectangle form. i was always imagining installing the pannel on the outside of my backpack. this form factor is rather difficult to install. besides that, i am impressed with the quality of all the parts. have not expected this!! is it possible to order additional lights? cu, jesko
@freddy, i completely drained my base 10 charging my ipad. then it took about 15 hours to fully charge (all 4 leds steady) with ac power. so mine works like khem's. pity about the 1a charging rate but for me that's a minor matter.
backer #3 and nothing so far :(
@ freddy i charged mine from the wall and the indicator lights worked as mentioned on the manual. therefore, i noticed that my battery powered torch's sos mode does not morse the code correctly with three long flashes and three short ones but sometimes throws a fourth flash in and then halts for a short amount of time. but i don't expect to use it since all my other lights at home have a sos mode as well.
to those who already tried to charge a base10 via ac-power: does it ever finish for you? according to the manual it's supposed to have all 4 leds shining solid once at 100%, but my base10 has been plugged in to ac-power the whole day already and the 4th led keeps blinking as if it never reaches a full charge. does this happen just for me?
got mine today...here in ireland i will set them up in the sun and test  thanks wakawaka team
got mine today... toronto, ontario, canada. packaging is terrific, overcast and charges anyway... looks great!!! love the bag, lights, base... everything!!!! you guys are the best!!! it's nice that i could get this cool setup and know someone else, somewhere in the world benefits too!!!
go wakawaka! my base 10 works great and has ample grunt even to charge my ipad retina. solar panels are terrific and the lights are nice. everything looks and feels robust and the packaging is excellent. i hope its twin is helping out someone less fortunate than me. pretty much whatever wakawaka makes i will back. so, what's next? thank you!
thank you so much for all the fantastic feedback. we are so grateful for your continued support. our final group of backers should be receiving their wakawaka bases in the next few days. we have received quite a few inquiries about the waterproof pouch. yes, it does look different. we posted a couple of photos very early on, but had to make minor design changes along the way. a couple of you also asked about how to open and close the pouch.  the key is to roll down the open end a few times and close it with the buckle. please let us know if you have any more questions. and do keep the wonderful pictures, comments and suggestions coming. we love them!
received my base 10 on 2nd sep in malaysia. packaging has improved quite a fair bit. charging the base at the moment with the solar panels.
one of the hanging string on my 7.5w panel just snapped, after less than two days of hanging. good thing the panel is quite tough, and was not damaged in the fall.  it might just be a bad string, right now i am using straps on the back of the panel for hanging, is kind awkward but is safer than the string at the moment. perhaps the future versions of the panel could have a round hanging hole in the middle, just like those on the previous wakawaka units, making vertical hanging easier especially when you are trying to put the panel on the backpack.
daniel k, i just got mine today. no tracking numbers given, not sure how they determined who gets it first. packaging is cool, bag is not as originally designed, but probably more practical.
i spared you with the explanation of the specifications as they are mentioned on the box and you know them anyway from this page ;)
for all those who didn't receive their item yet and want to know what is awaiting them here is my unboxing video :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so when these ship you will be getting a tracking number to us?  thanks again and have a great day!
received my base 10 today in luxembourg. packaging and product were in good condition and quality. just as others, i did not receive that lanyard. i made a silent unboxing video which i will upload soon.
received mine today in gb . packaging is great and looks top draw. product looks grand and good quality . will give it a go . nice job once again waka waka team . thanks
received my base 5 today, penang, malaysia. items are good in quality, and nice packaging too. happy with mine... ^_^
just got mine in the uk.  i, too, am puzzled by the pouch.  it's very unyielding so rolling it closed and then clipping it makes it awkward to carry.  i appreciate the waterproof material, but not sure it's worth the struggle to load and close.  other than that, the components are super quality and work well.
@baron sekiya: ah, thank you, that was very helpful. i looked at the picture and now i finally understand how that pouch works :d i will try out if there is a notable difference between the usb-ports, but in the end i don't really need fast-charging, i usually charge while i sleep. thanks for your help!
@freddy jansen the 'apple' port is usually a designation for a port that will do fast-charge on a device. all of the newer apple ios devices can do fast-charge, there are a number of android devices that can also fast-charge. it won't hurt to plug in a normal charging device into the fast-charge port. as for the pouch (i don't have mine yet) you probably hold the top close, roll it down to seal it, then buckle as shown in the 'updates' photos. this creates a watertight seal and creates a handle with the buckle.
received my base 10 today in germany. even though it's one month too late to accompany me on my camping vacation, i'm still really happy to finally have it :) like other people already wrote below, i'm also a little bit confused about the rugged pouch. i don't really understand how to close it. when i connect the two clips on the sides, it looks kinda weird. the manual is lacking some more detailed information, especially where is the difference between a general usb and an apple-optimized usb? i own an android phone, will it also benefit from those mysterious apple-optimizations?
has anybody done a unboxing video ?
got mine today seems good and works, does anyone have a rattling sound from the base if you shake it about i noticed it when i was taking it out of the packaging.
got mine today :) haven't tried it out yet, but looking forward to using it!
here is a youtube video on how to close the dry bag/sack, is not the exact same model as the base pouch, but the idea is the same (roll/fold the closure, then buckle up). https://youtu.be/b4rsjgijkze
just received mine today :-) i did try to charge the base with the solar panel but it wasn't sunny enough ... soo i charged it via usb. every thing is ok ! i just don't understand how to use the bag ... there are  2 clips (one male and one female) on the side to fasten something but i don't see the "thing" to be fastened :-) and i am unable to find how to keep the bag closed ! if i try to clips the 2 clips together, the bag looks ugly. but my wakawaka base is really a nice product ... the fact that you can couple up to lamps is really a nice trick. with one button you can illuminate a large zone. and this idea to bring the light to people who do'nt have electricity is something that speeks to me ! you have done a great job. i own already a wakawaka 1, a wakawaka 2 which was already a great enhancement with his usb port allowing to charge some devices. but the base, his solar panel are the possibility to chain up to 8 lamps is really useful !
everything looks pretty good / well built.  i do have a little glue on one of my solar panels but haven't tried to get it off yet.  i wish the slave light could run off the rechargeable one, but i just tested out and if you daisy chain them off the power pack, they are both switched properly by the powerpack.  now i wish i would have purchased more of the lights!
mine just arrived in california!  breaking it out...  unfortunately today is not a sunny day :(
@the doctor regarding one light not working. one light has a battery in it, the other light must be connected to usb power for it to work. could it be that you're trying the non-battery light without being plugged-in? or maybe your light slipped past qa at wakawaka.
received today in ontario, canada, through usps from california. like others mentioned, the supposed "rugged" pouch turned out to be a dry sack, and it is not the "new" pouch displayed on the package.  it could be a last-minute manufacture hiccup, which caused the design to ditch the zipper pocket for a cheaper alternative. i was hoping for a pouch with some sort of padding inside, which can protect the panels and the lights from rough contacts.  but from observation, the panels and lights seems to be sturdy enough to hold out on their own. also like others mentioned, the pouch still has room for improvement.  the whole package is suppose to be a "first aid kit", it would be nice to have a kit similar to those used by the paramedics, which has lots of compartments and elastic straps to secure items, and above all is padded around the corners. the panel has a permanently attached output cable, which might be a problem for those once in a blue moon freak accidents (cat/dog/child chewed the cable etc.), as once the cables goes the whole panel is useless (unless you are willing to cut it open and reattach the new cables/sent it back for repairs and wait for weeks).   fortunately the base unit has mini-usb input beside the 9v input, in the case of your base panel(cable) broken, you can use any other spare solar panel to charge it. overall the whole system is solid, with rooms for improvement for the pouch and the panel cable.  if you are going out there with the kit, is better to bring a backup solar panel, just in case something happen to the base panel's cable.
super early bird base 5 - received in california today. sorry, phil, i have recycled the box and don't know which shipping company they used. like mark, no waka waka lanyard - i'm not upset - just mentioning it because it was a stretch goal that might have been forgotten. did a cursory test. both lights are working across all modes (3 levels of brightness and an sos mode), and the solar panel is providing a slow charge as the sun is already setting here. like andrew, i have a notable scratch on one of the panels. i like the packaging, but the instructions and the workings of the indicator lights on the base are perhaps needlessly complex. there's different sets of indicator lights for if you're charging from the panel versus charging from another usb power source. if you remove the rubber bumper, you may find the markings over the usb ports unclear. regardless, i suspect in practice that using it will be simple enough. if you're familiar with how usb portable batteries work, then you'll be able to figure out what should plug in where. i am curious if the different markings are supposed to indicate different output levels - i'll see how my phone charges from each. also, if someone knows if pass-through charging is possible with these units, i'd appreciate if you'd let me know. i hope so, as it'd be useful to be able to charge another device while the base itself is being charged. thanks!
got mine today. from the california and usps. looks great and works fine too. my only complaint is that i chose the green color and only the charger and the lights are green whereas the solar panel and bag are yellow. if i had known that the color would only be applied to the charger and lights, i would have chosen yellow. p.s. there are some small scratches on the face of the solar panel but seeing as how it works fine, i'm fine with it.
for the ones that have received the units can you plz say where you are from and which company delivered it
i received my waka waka base today and my little light doesn't work, the other one does but not the little one, is there something i need to do?
if it's one of those roll the top then buckle bags then yes, it's water resistant (i wouldn't try to submerge it in water). i have a dry bag that i put my camera gear in, put a beach towel on that (just in case), leave some air in the bag, roll the top and i can float the bag as i swim out to a boat offshore to do photography once i get on board. i've had friends put $30k videocameras in them, roll the top and buckle close to use the bag as a float as they swim out to islands and boats.
as gunnar said below, it's a waterproof stuff sack. you roll over the open end a few times and close it with the buckle. it's a proven method that's both easy to use and fully water proof. on the one hand it might've been handy to have a few compartments in there to hold everything more rigidly in place, but this way it can be used to store other things as well. this kit was made for use in places without basic infrastructure. it makes more sense to have the bag be useful for other things as well as storing just the waka waka base. i'm happy with the bag and the rest of the kit, it seems well made from first impressions. the light with the battery has a small rattle, but i took off the handle and it seems to just be the fit between the the attaching posts and the locking nubs of the front bezel. so nothing that affects it's use.
lmark, michael, davidwilson: i haven't mine jet, but the pictures in the mai and august update looks very similar to me. for me it looks like a "roll lid" (don't know the correct english therm). which would mean you roll both lids (sides) together for one or two turns and then snap the buckles together. the more turns the more watertight it becomes. ... sorry for my bad english, may wakawaka can help with instructions ...
early adopter: base 10 i got mine in the mail too. just charging everything at the moment. overall it looks good and it's working too. but i'm disappointed about the bag. it's not at all like the picture posted by the waka waka team. it's like davidwilson805 said: a bag that doesn't close at the top. it's waterproof allright but what's the advantage if the bag cannot be closed?
for those that have received theirs, whats your backer number... i'm 152 and hopeful they are shipping by backer number;)
super early bird: base 5 well i got mine in the mail today.  i am happy with most of it but... damn the bag is kinda well... useless i think.  i mean i think it would make a great small trash can liner.
i was pleasantly surprised that my postman delivered my super early bird base 5 today! the base, solar panel, and flashlights all look great! i expect they'll get their day in the sun for charging this weekend, so no testing til then. i'm sad to say i was disappointed in the "pouch"; which is a largish open bag, that closes with some kind of origami, and that seems to let the components readily shift about. it's not the new rugged pouch shown on the may 5 update and on the stylish box it all comes in. see the aug 3 update for some idea what it looks like. on an incredibly minor note, i'm beginning to wonder if the waka-waka lanyards are mythical; because just like with the power, it was nowhere to be found. bottom line: as long as the main components perform as well as i expect them too, i'll be quite happy! i'll probably just have to find something else to put the kit in.
i received my base 5 package today. still charging things up. i was an early bird backer so just to let everyone know, yes they do exist and are being shipped.
any word if you still are on track with shipping next week
will those that are shipping include the models that will blister in high sunlight, because it's likely to be tested in an upcoming holiday
well its weekend now? updates?
in the update section " creator wakawaka 3 days ago @terry, we are currently drafting an update, which we will send out by the end of this week. "
8/14 still have not received my shipment can you at least e-mail me when i will get it? gtjaick@comcast.net
any update on shipping?  still have not received it?  what did i miss?
it has been almost 2 weeks now since the last project update. this is what you promised: "we regret the delay in sharing this information and promise to keep you better updated on our progress and let you know as soon as the bases have passed through rigorous testing. when we know. you will know." please stay true to your promise and let us know, when shipping will start.
@sebastian @cecilia in update #3 they posted a pic to compare the size of the base: https://waka-waka.com/media/base_5_en_iphone_5s.jpg if you keep that size in mind and imagine the iphone being in the pic with the panel of update #16 you can somehow figure out how big the panels will be. one panel plate looks like it could be as wide as three and a half iphone 5 so if you place your 10 iphones on the table and cut your 11th in half, you should have the rough size of the panel.
can you tell us how there stud going and when shipping will start.
check the last update for the pictures
i second the thought of more pictures for size comparison. bring something everybody can relate to in there. laptop, human, phone, cd, banana.
can you post pics of final product open or on backpack with a person in frame so we have an idea of the size of the product?
i have a trip at the end of august for which i was planning on using this product.  is there any chance that the products will arrive by then or will i have to buy another solar solution?
i personally are happy with every update and would never feel anything but happy due to 2 reasons. 1. i've backed all waka projects and everytime the final product is awesome 2.  the waka-team keeps pumping out lights to people in need. that is just pure respect. now for this project i have the following to say. i haven't seen a post regarding the actual size of this project...put this project side by side with the first waka-lights. back then there was two objects, not too big. now there is a reaaaally big solar panel, a backpack, two lights. and that is just what will come out when finished. take all components and keep in mind that every component needs design,testning and so on.... with that said i hope i've cleared a few things up for some of you.
awesome thanks!
could you post some pictures of the finished proudct?
u have posted updates for almost a year!! i'm still confused......when are they shipping? all updates say same thing - "not yet" - please advise - when?????
so tomorrow's august :(
i've backed 44 kickstarter campaigns, including the original wakawaka.  only one of those totally failed.  i still have complete confidence in this campaign but we need more feedback. we are not customers, we a backers, or not, of future projects.
so have you started shipping? thanks!
i just found out today is tuesday ....maybe its next monday ..august 3 th  even the updates are delayed now...i hope to have these solar panels before the summer is over
i got this  on the ...july 24 "hi ........ dear van hessche, we have had some setbacks, but we are working hard on bringing the wakawaka base and the gifts as soon as possible to all our backers. we will probably start shipping at the end of july. please keep an eye on our updates page on kickstarter. we will post a new update on monday;) cheers! camille" so there....mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
camille messaged me friday, regarding something else and mentioned that they were going to post an update on monday(today). so i guess, we just need a tiny bit more patience. or at least i hope so.
as per your last update in june, can i assume you have started shipping? thanks in advance...
unlike the last product these guys made and distributed this one seems to be taking longer than expected with some unseen issues.  id have thought they may have learnt something from the last product they did.
the last time i looked ...a..couple.....was 2 (two)..........;-0
hi all, just wanting to let you know we are working on a update and will post it in the next couple of days. thanks for your patience!
they seem to be showing off units. https://instagram.com/p/5mjserh5ra/
i got a email about updating shipping address,,, still no idea when it will ship
"we have just received our production date and are happy to report that your rewards will begin shipping out during the last week of july" that's 2 weeks away....any update on this date ?
you showed a nice picture of the packing can we also see a picture of the product setup so that we can see the new updates you have done
dear waka-waka team when the shipment will be ship ? does any tracking number ? regards nabil
sorry but still cannot find survey and i cannot remember my reward level? wouldreally like to check my delivery address...
for folks having trouble seeing where to do their survey: click on campaign and then scroll down on the right til they see their reward level highlighted.
i will be away the last week in july.  could you not send mine out until august 1?
i am going away for the summer, and will not be here if you send the base in july. can you please delay shipping, and as i asked in a previous communication, please send it by mail, not by messenger service.
there is no way for me to check on the address for the shipping of my unit. the instructions in update #14 do not work.  the "options" block appear no where on any page. help!!
some peeks at the wakawaka base field test unit three weeks ago: http://bit.ly/1ndqcj0 and http://bit.ly/1hfgvve and it looks like they're donating units if you do an instagram post with your eyes closed with the tag #now60 as seen here: http://bit.ly/1hfgkhi
i'm guessing the next update will have some photos of the wakawaka base kits as they should be rolling off the production lines by now.
i got 2 blank email updates as well... whats up? good news ;?)
i got this today "hi terry, we will put out an update next week. warm wishes on behalf of the wakawaka team, camille van gestel" new delay maybe or a shipping date,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,vote now,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, d for delay,, s for shipping july my vote is .....d
can we have an update please, the last is well over a month ago now.
hi guys, i'd love to hear the latest from your team. i know you may be waiting for a target update where you have multiple things to announce but i think a candid moment on this chain would slake the curiosity and angst of your many bakers. we believe in you and by your admission, you are a kickstarter company so i'm sure you're not surprised that we want an update! do us a solid, believe in us and drop an update for your backers. thank you!
you are sending me emails with no subject or message. what do you want? are you getting ready to send me my unit, or are you announcing another disheartening, and depressing delay? please fix your email system asap!
a update is needed
from  the last update ,, "unfortunately, i also have a bit of bad news: we will not make the scheduled delivery date this month. production setbacks mean that we now expect to ship your base the second week of july"
any chance of an update?
i also need to change my shipping address. how can we do this?
hi i have moved sense i got the email asking for my shipping address were can i go to change its location of delvery ?
unable to change my shipping address help
@baron sekiya @4min. it is sad but the entire waka waka team is not answering questions in this forum since march 21th. also i checked the "wakawaka solar power" site here in kickstarter and there is no answers to the backers since october 2013! write them to facebook. i think there are busy trying to get the best quality to this product and to sell it later to apple store. anyway i have supported another great project in indiegogo called gravitylight 2: made in africa. for only  $70 usd you can help to create light and jobs from gravity! check it out in indiegogo before it is too late.
hey wakawaka team! while waiting for the shipment, we got a couple of new smartphones and it now seems that base 5 that we originally ordered doesn't have enough juice to charge them all. any chance we can update our pledge to get base 10 unit instead?
welp, hurricane season starts june 1st and noaa predicts an above average amount of tropical cyclones for the central pacific. good thing i've got my wakawaka power already and a wakawaka base on the way. http://www.hawaii247.com/…
is there a way to update the base firmware once we have out in hand in case any other software changes are discovered?
@experiencing life to the fullest-da wolf your son done a great job,you and your family are a joy to watch living the artist life, it got my vote happy time to you and your family
just relocated for work. need to update address. please help.
hi all! been busy lately but wanted to let you know that an artist i know sons put together a documentary up for adobe youth voices awards 2015. if you can watch and vote it would help his son chances of getting a scholarship that would be greatly appreciated. you can vote every 6 hours if so inclined. http://youthvoices.adobe.com/awards/finalists/5534ae680e4fc068a2000011 please share with those whom you think would enjoy watching! thank you very much!
@victoria snider go to campaign: rewards: your selected reward (green background): and your response (click there to edit address).
i clearly need more light! i am not finding the page with a link that allows me to change my delivery address. its more than light i need, obviously! some kind help to start!
great to have news from you and no problem about delays. i prefer to wait and to get quality product and to last long time. i have watched your pictures and the new rugged pouch design is much better than the previous one and the packaging seems great. i like it :) also i have payed attention to solar panel's graphic and now i see 4 sheets. that is mean you have designed 4 solar panels for base 10? and what about the thickness of base 10? it seems slimmer! new weight and dimensions? could you confirm it?  :)
thanks for the update. i primarily pledged this project because of winter power outages we experience periodically. given we have four of the previous kickstarter waka waka's for two residences; we believe in this campaign too!
thank you for the comprehensive update, and no worries on the delays - we are investors, not walmart shoppers! :) also thank you for your donations of wakawaka products to nepal earthquake survivors - it fills me with pride to be associated with your company as one of your backers! good luck implementing all the last minute changes, and as a product design engineer myself, i also wish to express my confidence and support your efforts to improve quality and keep costs down! best, - guy
thanks very much for the recent update.  too bad about the delay, but i'm confident your finished product will be worth the wait.
@morry zelcovitch thanks i try to share the info to help us and them to move this project forward
@terry, thanks for following the update;)
wonder if the wakawaka team is focused on their various efforts worldwide especially in nepal. it would be reassuring to have a direct post to this page of their progress with this project. i believe i am not alone in thinking that they owe us that consideration at least.
got this today "hi terry, we will post an update on kickstarter within one week, we are working on it. the wakawaka base will start shipping to our backers at the end of may and the beginning of june. warm wishes, on behalf of the wakawaka team ridge williams"
looking for any new updates since nothing has been said since february
@camile or entire team of wakawaka, why aren't you updating news to the backers? i would love to have news for knowing the process of this product but after reading previous comments, it seems we do not get anything. i also checked your webpage but nothing. i do not know if you start the mass assembly yet or you are going to ship in may. is is ready for shipping?  was it successfull testing? or maybe are you working in progress testing power & light first aid kit in nepal? are the high temperature batteries given great performance even when you recharge in a row everyday? and what about the solar panel in the field test? if solar panel is more compact now, are you going to reduce the price of shipping? and  are you offering more colors to the solar panel?
ship;), not shop, i don't care when you shop;)
@creator, are you still on track to shop in may?
last login apr 4 2015 https://twitter.com/wakawakalight https://www.facebook.com/wakawakalight http://waka-waka.com/ so send a email twitter facebook message ,,he is not here  its sad
delivery dates ?
update please!!!!!!
update please?
updates?
well april now ....you should know by now  if you can ship in may or not can we get a update please
@creator - response, please?
@runtheearth we've sent you a personal message on your 2 wakawaka bases.
@khem thuyns @runtheearth we have decided for 3 panels to make the whole kit more compact. this decision doesn't affect the performance in any way. to tilt the panel you can just place any item under the panel.
live in austin, too! ;)
hi wakawaka base team! i love in austin - would it be possible to visit you and see the prototypes? i'm a senior product development engineer, so you'll be able to get as technical as you want with me! :)
@runtheearth just filled out my survey, but wanted to make sure i received two of the bases for the pledged $278. thank you, and great job!
@morry zelcovitch. you are awesome to answer questions to the backers. well done! not having any reply is not a good sign. if there are issues then please let us know.  for me, it doesn't matter delays if it solves issues. and, better wait a bit longer and get wakawaka base that works perfectly and will last long time.
@bret, just a few comments below yours it reads... @nicholas @suzie @all: production of the wakawaka base is progressing as planned. we still expect to ship the wakawaka base in may of this year. we'll keep you posted!
@khem thuyns. i am wondering same questions about solar panel. its surface seems really small now so, would it take more time for charging? and also, how can it be steady in vertical to get the best of charging?  i mean three solar panels facing to the sun at same time. would not it better to tilt it  like wakawaka power+? how can we make it now? have we to buy new device to tilt it into a best position to the sun? any ideas?
hi just wondering when they will be ready and how long before they start being delivered ?
so 2 panels were not high quality enough? ;)  will this change from 2 panels to 3 panels have an influence in how fast the base will be fully recharged, or will the previously used values still be relevant?  what about the stability of the panels since there are now more joints (which are probably smaller than before)?
hi @guillaume, well spotted :) the solar panels (both the 7.5w and 10w) have moved to a 3-pannel design to ensure the highest quality and performance and to keep the whole kit as compact as possible.
hi ! it seems from the latest update that there has been a change in the solar panel design. from a simple fold (two panels), it has moved to a two-fold design (3 panels). is this an official change, or just a mockup ? regards
@robert: the non-us adapter kit is available in the non-us webshop. the us adapter kit will be available in the us webshop again within a few weeks.
earlier on the website adaptors were available.  will they be available in the online shop?
@redrum: what accessories are you interested in? when the wakawaka base will be available in our webshop or when we have new information we will update our website.
@nicholas @suzie @all: production of the wakawaka base is progressing as planned. we still expect to ship the wakawaka base in may of this year. we'll keep you posted!
@chris: thanks for the compliment on the packaging! i've forwarded your message to our product development department. you made them blush ;)
@leslie @patrick @chris @roma @andrew: great to hear you got your rewards! enjoy!
when will the website be updated for the accessories?
excited to get my device.
any updates on the base production progress? :)
i'd just like to present my compliments to the designer(s) of the packaging for the power+. i've spent more time with it than with the light! it's completely in keeping with the ethos of your company, being recyclable and minimal, (even to the double sided tape on the plastic cover). the way it hinges like a book both way telling a story and instructions. down to the notches for the elastic. bravo!
power+ and extras arrived in uk and will head out to the gambia in a couple of weeks - good to see there are some out there already!
great to see these being delivered on time. go wakawaka!
power+, usb stick & t-shirt arrived in the last hour in the uk. thank you and the season's greetings to you!
power+, usb stick & t-shirt received via dhl express this morning. malaysia backer here. thank you for the excellent product.
mine arrived this evening from the netherlands:)
@steven @leslie @jason: hi all, the wakawaka baby rewards and the wakawaka power+ rewards are almost ready to ship and will be with you shortly (before christmas). enjoy the holidays! :-)
@david: we are currently working on a solar powered wakawaka car. expected to be available around 2023 ;-)
any new updates?
shipping says december for waka baby. is that still accurate? thanks
hi. i pledged for the wakawaka power+. when can i anticipate shipping? hoping before x-mas as it is a gift for someone.
this an open question to everyone. does anyone know how to use this battery bank to jump start a car battery?
@ann: thank you for asking. the base will not be made out of it, but all materials can be recycled and all parts can be disassembled. accept for the solar panel segments: they are glued together (like all solar panels are).
how big is the l size t-shirt compared with m size t-shirt?
hi, will it be made out of recycled plastic ?
@vincen: you will receive an email very soon in which we ask which color you would like.
@daan: yes, the wakawakas which we have already have a ce certification and the base wil have one too.
how do we choose the color of wakawaka?
camille. does the wakawaka have a ce certification??
daan ter horst: super early bird base 10000here is 144$ which is 114€. on oneplanetcrowd the same reward is available for 104€
thank you all so much for the success of this campaign!! you are all true #agentsoflight.
@benjamin @sebastian @marcel: my apologies for the confusion. i would love to compensate the extra shipping costs you pay for staying on this crowdfunding platform. please shoot an email at info@waka-waka.com with the calculation of the extra amount you paid and my colleagues will make sure it gets reimbursed. @sebastian: in case you switched to oneplanetcrowd germany and we wouldn't reach our goal, you would of course still receive the reward.
i dont know what all of you guys are complaining about. i ordered a wakawaka 10000 for 164 usd, including shipping, which is €132 while the same device on the german site costs €134
congrats. you continue to lead the way.
Î am happy to see that you have once more reached your goal ... but as many here, being a baker from the very first wakawaka lamp you did produce, a baker of the second one and finally a baker for the wakawaka base 10000 i am very  disappointed to see that the same pledge on the other platform is 40$ cheaper ! i don't find this very fairplay ! regards marcel
why did i just now read about your german activities. now i pay a huge amount of shipping and didn't even get the one i wanted... i guess there's no chance to change that right? also: what if you don't get your 15.000€ on oneplanetcrowd, because so many people already pledged here?
i am happy about being a backer but still, telling a very early supporter at the end of the kickstarter campaign to jump ships to another crowdfunding page is strange. i have no problem of paying the kickstarter price but announcing another and actually cheeper alternative felt a bit strange to be honest.
congrats again!
gratz to wakawaka !!!!!!!! good job everyone !!!
congratulations!
less than 1 hour to go! counting minutes now ...:)
@nicholas: yes, countdown has started!!
@ron @terry @experiencing life to the fullest: thank you all for your questions :-) the base will be equipped with a 4.5mm coaxial connector for the solar panel. it is like experiencing life to the fullest said: electrical compatibility issues may arise if you use mismatched solar collectors and storage units.
last few hours to go! and congrats on the award!
@brad: thank you very much! we are honored indeed :-)
@julyan: thank you. you have received an email from my colleague. the german website: http://www.oneplanetcrowd.de/de/project/77016
@benjamin: for german backers it is, sorry. so i recommend to make your pledge over there while you are still able to cancel your pledge here.
congratulations ces honoree!  what an honor!
@ camille : i have one address in switzerland and one address in france ? in switzerland, i have taxes and in france i can't receive by ups, dhl or other. only by post !!!! i send you an e-mail. where is your german website ?
ok so kickstarter is actually more expensive, nice..
@benjamin: that would be $25 just like all the other non-us backers.
so how much should i add to my pledge here for german shipping. i dont want to use yet another crowdfunding site..
@phoenix0fire: no worries. additions are not yet possible. they will be available on our website may next year :-)
@benjamin: yes you can! we are also live in germany now. i saves you money :-) @julyan: this is of course also an option for you in order to save shipping costs (€13 to ship to switzerland)!
@julyan: sorry i overlooked your question. we are not sure yet which company we use for shipping the bases, but unfortunately we could only choose for one amount of shipping costs for everyone. if you want to upgrade your pledge, please add the amount to your existing pledge and send an email to info@waka-waka.com. about the extra shipping costs for additional products you order next year: please shoot an email to info@waka-waka.com and we will see what we can do. the base 5 and 10 are both the same seize as an iphone, only a bit thicker :-) (take a look at the faq at the bottom of the main page to see a picture!).
@dirkz @phil lucky you guys! :-)
@experiencing life to the fullest - i don't know a lot about solar panels or batteries, but i've done some looking around prior to discovering this project and have seen some portable solar panels that have usb and/or 12v output. it sounds like the connection on the wakawaka is proprietary. that's too bad, because it would have a lot more utility if the panels could be used to charge other items (not through the base) - for example, we're lucky to have a couple of external battery chargers already. that hasn't changed me from thinking this is a worthwhile project to support, but my personal preference would be for a more open solution. i also think that sticking to the standards (like usb) would provide more social impact over the longer term.
i may have missed an answer to this question, sorry if i did.  is it possible to add extra led lights to the pledge? i'd like to add a couple more if possible.
so it seems you're now shipping from germany too? can i transfer my kickstarter super early bird pledge to the german version one and save shipping costs? or can you just change shipping costs on kickstarter for german backers? it seems strange to me now i backed this from the first hours on to do this again on the german crowdfunding page and be actually better off (more than 10€) than here.
hi camille, you didn’t answer at these question :  do you ship by postnl or other company ? bad news about « add on » option !!! you understand it’s not easy for me to order on your website to have base 10 after kickstater campaign. i would prefer to order once and pay one time shipping. what is delay to change my pledge (upgrade to base 10) ? and last question : why are base 5 and 10 so big ? thanks julyan
thanks for whoever backed out of the base 10 early bird
great to get in late to the party. i even got in on a super early bird! :)
terry and ron - i think you are only asking about the physical connector and not about any electrical compatibility issues that may arise if you used mismatched solar collectors and storage units.
@wakawaka what ron said...you did not answer his question ..."or is the connection "standard" enough to allow other components as replacements?" what type of connector goes from the solar panel to the base ? is there a picture or drawing of this connector ?
@ron: wow, lucky you! glad to have you on the team :-) the answer to your question: the battery pack and the solar panels are designed to work together. compatibility with foreign solar panels is not verified, nor part of the design. we recommend using the base only in conjunction with wakawaka base solar panels.
@tasha: other stretch goal achieved as well! :-) all materials can be recycled and all parts can be disassembled accept for the solar panel segments: they are glued together (like all solar panels are).
hi folks - discovered this project late in the game but as a backer of a previous wakawaka kickstarter and having been interested in portable solar panels this was something i was looking for - and was lucky to get in on one of the vacated early bird spots. my question has to do with the connection between the solar panels and the power base - how proprietary is that connection? i'm wondering what we'll have to do in case either component fails - are we locked in to wakawaka, or is the connection "standard" enough to allow other components as replacements?
@ camille : i sent you a personal message
@alexander: please take a look at the answer on julyan's question :-)
@leah: you're very welcome!
@julyan: thanks for your questions! when we started the campaign, we could only choose one amount of shipping costs for all backers. that is why we ask every backer to pay the same amount on shipping costs.  the dimensions of the solar panels: we will work with segments of 2.5 watt: for the 7.5w times 3 and for the 10w times 4 which together make up the solar panel. each segment will be approximately 240mm x 90mm. these are also the dimensions of the panel when it is folded. at the moment, the rewards that are listed on this page are the ones we have. adding additional product makes it logistically very difficult to manage. additional lights etc. will be available in our webshop after you received your base(s)! :-)
thanks for the 10w solar panel pledge. hope to charge those batteries i have with the solar panel.
what is the size difference between the 7.5 w and the 10 w panels?
@camille:  great! thanks!
@camille : why do eu-citizens have to pay such expensive shipping? aren't the wakawakas shipped from the netherlands? 25$ is quite a lot for france by exemple. do you ship by postnl or other company ? what are solar panel dimensions ? it is possible to order one solar panel 10w with one base 10,000 mah (for home) and one base 5,000 mah of portable power (for travel)  ? why you don’t have add on option (led lights, base) ? thanks julyan
@leah: thank you for thinking along with us. this is something that might be available really soon... :-)
thanks to whoever backed out of the base 10 more super early bird level!!!
stretch goal achieved with 7 days to go :d we rock it! stuff for us/gifts, helping those in need, and it's good for the environment - is it all recyclable if/when it wears out?
have you considered making a card for people that are giving these as gifts?  -something we could download that says, "i got you a gift from the future" to give in lieu of the product explaining what an incredible thing this product is.  thanks for your consideration.  i am so excited about this product!
@chris @bernd: how about you take over? awesome guys :-) thanks!
@mona. you took the words right out of my mouth, this is really a great project with an philosophy i agree with very much. i just enhanced my pledge to get an additional power + following chris chen's advise.
@mona. click on the $104 base 5 supercharge tier (more bang for your buck than the $109 base 5 tier), unless it's all gone. add shipping costs as necessary. then add an additional $79 to cover the power+ and send an email to info@waka-waka.com.  in this email please mention your kickstarter username and your first and second pledge - so "mona, $104 pledge with added $79 power+". if you live outside of the us, you can add up to three pledges before you have to double your shipping costs.
great project with a greater cause. really thank you for considering others in need :) is it possible to pick 2 rewards? if i would like to have both the improved wakawaka power and the base 5? thank you again and keep on the great work :)
have you all checked out our new stretch goal?! :-) update coming soon!
@daren: that is correct. thank you for answering the question @experiencing life to the fullest
@redrum: yes!! let's hit that stretch goal!
ah i see. i thought it uses aa batteries i could at least charge the rechargeable batteries than top it up.
@daren - the led light has no space to place a battery internal to it. it can be attached it to the portable power in order to work. i suppose one could design an external battery gizmo that it could be attached to in order to work.
the non rechargeable led light can use rechargeable aa batteries ??
water resistant case?!  that's great.  now to hit that stretch goal!
hi @mike r: quiescent power consumption of the base is very low, which ensures a shelf life of at least 12 months. so after 12 months you can enjoy ‘last year's sun’! how awesome is that? check out update #3 for more technical feedback :-)
@steve: exactly. the new $104 pledge is the base 5 with a 10w super efficient solar panel instead of the original 7.5w super efficient solar panel (which is the case with the $109). note that the $104 supercharge is limited.
no problem @chris!
how long will the battery stay charged in the base when its not in use? or is it best to have the solar power or wall charger constantly connected to keep it charged up?
what's the difference between the [new] $104 and $109 rewards? it looks like the $104 is better value?
okay, my brain is really not working today. it should just be $79 because the shipping was *already* $25 for the base 10. not looking at the right pledge... i need more coffee.
okay, from reading the faq, i'll add an extra $84 for a power+ ($79 for the power+ and $5 to make up the shipping to $25) to my $119 eb base 10 pledge. now to send you my email about the add-on. :)
@chris: please do! if you live outside of the us, you can add up to three pledges before you have to double your shipping costs (take a look at our faq) :-)
i was looking to add a power+ to my eb base 10 pledge, but you've changed the shipping price? because you've already stated that in order to get a power+, you have to add another shipping cost as well. which means $50 in shipping fees alone!? so do i have to add more even if i don't add on a power+?
@brad c: the panels do not have regulated output voltage, and they are therefore unfortunately not compatible with the other project! thank you very much for your support :-)
@ran_sac: yes, via a socket you charge the battery pack through a micro usb port. however, for the solar panel there is a special (non-usb) port.
@ran_sac: the solar panel is rain proof!
@redrum: thanks! additional lights will be purchasable through our website :-)
@bg: the solar panels will not be able to charge the wakawaka power since the solar panel cannot be attached to the battery pack through the usb or micro usb ports.
@brett: the panels are constructed using series connected cells. if one of the cells in a string is covered, the power output of the whole panel will drop significantly. so make sure the panels are not shaded.
@brad c: the answer to your questions is on its way, you are not forgotten :-)
also is the port to charge the 5,000/10,000 mah battery a micro usb? it would be nice to be a micro usb so we won't use the solar in order to recharge it if there's no emergency.
is there a way that we can use the solar panel if its raining? maybe you guys can include a plastic pouch or something that we can put it in while raining. it will be very helpful if there is a storm or rain.
@camille, i like the design of the lights.  i think you should have another lantern type of light too.  i think that would be cool.  at least sell it as an additional on your website.
any chance of offering the waka power with the 10w?
@frank: cool! yes they will be available separately on our website.
@ camille - can you advise the physical dimensions of the 7.5 and 10 w solar panel do i understand correctly that the panels work proportionally well if partly shaded - most large solar panels effectively have no output if even just some of the panel cells are shaded thanks and all the best with your campaign   brett
@camille cool stuff! now i want more lights to daisychain and light up the big tent with solarpower at night :-) will the lamps be available separately in the future!
@andrew: yes, that is correct. the lights will both have a usb and micro usb port on them. you plug the usb port in the base and the micro usb inside the first light to charge. next, you can plug the usb of a different cable inside the first light and connect it to the second light. in that way you create a chain of lights! :-)
you should add another set of early bird backers!  i want to 10w 10 base but just out of my reach.
so to clarify, i am also following another kickstarter project, their project states the their device can be changed with a solar panel that puts out a regulated 14v of power.  it would be awesome if the waka waka solar panel could also be used with their device (no matter if it doesn't i like both projects and am funding both as both fill a specific need, after all you can never have too much power :) ) just hoping the two might be compatible.
i see that the flash lights have what looks like a usb socket on them - what is that for? really excited about this project. i've been following waka waka since the start hoping that you'd make a system like this!
thanks and yeah i saw that.  i guess i should have said the voltage output.
@brad @khanh that is correct, thank you!
@brad the description is 7.5w or 10w depending on which pledge you choose
what is the output power of the solar panels used to charge the waka waka base?
i agree that a green base to match my two wakawaka's would be great. cheers wayne from new zealand
@ryan @sonia: we might add another color: please keep an eye on our updates!
@aaron: great, right?!
@freddy: i've sent you a message :-)
@trowby: we do too! please tell your friends and family about the base. thanks for your kind words :-)
@ryan w -- i agree! green base would be fun.
will you be producing the base in colors other than yellow for the kickstarter? would love to get my base in green to match my wakawaka power.
just saw the post in uncrate about the wakawaka! that's awesome!
i would like to see more lights going to w africa in lieu of more stuff. perhaps there are other backers who feel the same way. you have great products and the philanthropic aspect is one if the best things about your ks projects.
about the shipping cost: why do eu-citizens have to pay such expensive shipping? aren't the wakawakas shipped from the netherlands? 25$ is quite a lot.
@peter @bg: an update on the stretch goals: as much as we love stretch goals ourselves (see our previous campaign) we don't want to disappoint people who pledge particularly for a certain stretch goal and than end up not getting this extra we promised. that's not how kickstarter works. so we decided to do it differently this year: we will surprise you a few times during the course of the campaign with (as we hope...) increasingly better surprises and gifts. the free lanyard is a small token of gratitude, but more will be coming :)
@theo: we preferably use usmail, possibly also for canada. depending on how many orders we get from canada, we may choose to ship through a local address in canada. we will do what we can to prevent anyone from paying unnecessary charges.
i'm another wakawakarepeater -- i wonder how many of us there are! i was too late for the early bird base 10 -- my fault for not moving faster. i've enjoyed my ww lights & power packs, i hope the base will work on my windowsill as well as they do.
i love my wakawaka power and can't wait for this project to finish, looks awesome. when i saw the slogan slingers contest for the power, i signed up and your company actually chose my entry!  i was hoping it would be used sometime so i can tell my friends i'm a freelance writer :). anyway, your kickstarter project has been my best experience so far.  cheers!
@vincen: that is so kind! thank you very much.
@studio polar bear: thank you very very much for your support! the base 10 is +- 320 gram, the base 5 +-240 gram.
thanks camille, you're the best kickstarter creator!
how heavy is the early adopter ?
@joakim: thank you so much for your support! you are a true #agentoflight!
@chris: no, for everyone to buy.
glad to support one more, in on base10! good luck with this project and upcoming stretch goal! ps love my wakawaka's!
@camille. is the white power+ a limited edition?
@vincen: the power+ will be available in three colors: yellow, black and white! backers of the power+ can choose which color they like :-)
@eitan: thank you so much for being one of our backers, again! the panel which is shown on our website will be the one. at this moment, we do not have it yet (it's not a real picture). that is why we have used a different one here. really cool panel, huh?
@mike: by pressing the button once, the circle around the button lights up. looks like this: http://youtu.be/9egyg41l_0s… wakawaka is 'shine bright' in swahili. did not know it has a meaning in new zealand too. cool!
@peter @bg: not yet, but we might have some soon. we are figuring things out at the moment :-)
i hope wakawaka would have more color choice for the power+ like the last kickstarter funding since now they have more than twice the stretch goal. heck, i'll even pledge more if they have the black color.
any stretch goals (as someone asked before).  i would love to get a combo power+ at a special price. i love my current wakawaka power.
have the wakawaka light and power and am pleased to back the base 10. question: on your website in the base 10 section there is a cool solar panel with black and yellow stripes on the sides. it looks way cooler then the one on kickstarter which panel is this?
thanks for your reply, also will there be an indicator light showing how much power is available on the base? would possibly be good if there was some system like press a button then it indicates how much power is left :) on a side note, i was wondering how did you guys come up with the name wakawaka? in new zealand it means "a traditional maori canoe" i thought it was interesting as i've never heard the word used outside of my country, see here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waka_(canoe)
will/are there any stretch goals for this ?
@cecília: nice to meet you! thank you very much for your support. about your wakawaka power: when the outside gets hot, you can cool it down by putting it in the fridge for a while (no joke!). the battery cannot be damaged because the battery will shut down automatically when it reaches its highest temperature. this will not be the case with the base either, since it is not the battery pack that needs to be standing in the sun: that’s the solar panel. 2) we did have some brazilian backers on our last kickstarter campaign. however, you are indeed a really special customer, as not so many of our customers are yet to be living in brazil. we will keep your ideas in mind. do spread the word!
@mike: thank you for your support!! the solar panel will have a life expectancy of at least 5 years. battery life will depend largely on the use pattern. lithium polymer batteries age faster when they are used more often, and the ageing effect is accelerated if the unit is exposed to high temperatures often. therefore its hard to accurately predict battery life. generally speaking, if the product is used for light recreational use, the battery life should easily exceed 5 years. if the product is used daily in hot climates, you can expect reduced battery performance quicker.
wow after a day nearly double the goal!
camille, who are you going to be using to mail out the kits?  i hope that i won't incur any customs charges when it gets to me in canada.  dhl, fedex etc... always charge me a post charge.  thanks.
hi there, pleased to back the base 5! i wanted to know, how long you think the base 5 would last (especially the solar panel and batteries life) would be if exposed to the sun daily? reason i ask, is then i could effectively charge my phone's battery by using the sun's power every day for free!
hi, i'm a brazilian journalist, live at são paulo. i buy wakawaka power and talk about this to my family and friends. brazil has a great solar potential, but solar energy is not important for the government. the people does'nt see it. solar energy need a cultural change. i think you are part of this change for making a product easy and acessible. for that, thank you. i back for base 10 too, it will be great. i have a doubt and a suggestion: 1) the sun here is very bright, my wakawaka power charges even in less time than said in the manual. but when i take it in hands, is very very hot. is it normal? the overheat does'nt damage the gadget? can i stay cool with it? this will occour with the base10 too? 2) how many people in brazil buy wakawaka until now? i think i'm little bit lonely here. suggestion: please, take a research, there is a guy in brazil (in state of ceará) that replaced one part of a solar cell for a part made by coconut fiber. this reduced the costs. who knows, with your partnership the guy could spread his invention and lower de price of solar cells making it more green through wakawaka? in brazil nobody gives him attention. sorry by bad english.
@ vincen l: no, not yet. the output is 1.5a.
is power+ on sale in your website? also what is the output of it's usb?
@fuzzy: sorry for the delay in response, your question prompted us to tripple check our spec list on the amp output of the usb ports. it seems we made a slip-up earlier, which we have corrected in the mean time. total output is 2a which can be provided on 1 usb as well.
too bad :-(  i allmost put you on the spot with this ;-)) sorry ;-))
@michel: thank you very much for your support! the battery pack is not waterproof due to the multiple usb ports. however, the solar panel is waterproof.
advertised in some emobility forums. hope this will boost your backer number a little bit ;-) the base should be right on track for solar charging my phone while driving in my twizy.
@frank: whoops, i'm afraid that is not true. the power+ has got a 2200 mah battery. it's called power '+' because it is an upgraded one: more easy accessible usb ports and better software.
hi  still time to develop a waterproof coating on the base?
maybe you should point out that the reward on the third tier, the wakawaka power+, is only available on kickstarter and has more mah than the retail version.  would be a sweet deal if i wouldn't already own two of these ;-)
yay!
@juergen @ chris: we will most likely send europe based backers their base from holland.
echoing juergen fulst's post - is it possible to send eu based backers their wakawakas from within the eu? e.g. holland to germany or the uk?
do you offer the wakawaka power+ in special colors from the last kickstarter? i missed that opportunity last time :-( ok! and a really crazy idea:-) but since it is foremost a emergency kit;-) what about offering a special extra lamp with infrared led? these led should be extreme power efficient (180-200 lumen on 3w) and would be perfect for a emergency beacon or for signaling over large distances to rescue parties.(planes, helicopters, and rangers equipped with nightvision)
@david: thank you very much. the solar panel is designed to be used in combination with the electronic circuits in the base, compatibility with other power banks has not been checked. we recommend using the solar panel only in combination with the base.
hi, great product. any way to make a 10w panel with a femal usb. i have a great external battery and would like to charge that when i travel or camp. i think a lot of your followers would enjoy just use of the panel. david
@gatis: as of now that is not possible. but we will take it in consideration. thank you for sharing your thoughts!
wow, all 750 early birds are gone. all most 1000 backers and almost twice the pledge amount in less than a day. sounds interesting how there are some requests to upgrade to a 10w solar panel.
i would like to upgrade my base5 with 10w solar panel.  would you please consider creating such pledge during your kickstarter campaign?  either avail 10w solar panel as separate pledge (would result in purchasing 2 sets of solar panel) or create pledge called "base5 upgrade pack" that includes removal of 7.5w panel and addition of 10w panel. thank you for the great initiative!
@benni: good question. there may be some exotic destinations where customs may cause delays. other than that, a courier company handles the rest :-)
@david: so good the have you back #agentoflight! to answer your question: the solar panel is water proof. the battery pack doesn't like the rain very much with open usb ports.
@daren: same answer to you: no not as of now, but we will take it into consideration
@elijah en @john: not as of now, but we will take it into consideration!
do you send the wakawaka base for europe from holland?
hi!
can the solar panel be upgraded to the bigger one? i already got 10,000 mah batteries lying around
@debbie midwinter: you are right, one of them has a rechargeable battery, the other one is connected to the main battery pack. @theo: i guess debbie answered your question right? thanks!
thanks debbie!
theo - the non-rechargeable led light requires a cable to link it to the power base, it doesn't have a battery. the second light has a rechargeable battery so it can be used without being connected to the power base. i hope that this helps to explain the difference between these lights
so only one of the two led lights is rechargeable?  and so...the other one isn't rechargeable and therefore needs a battery?  please, camille, can you explain why only one of the two led lights is rechargeable and not both?  maybe i misread the info about the two led lights?  thanks.
i have the same request as elijah. upgrade available to 10?
@todd: enjoy your base! thanks for backing us
@creator, i backed the base 5 and would like to have the 10w solar panel instead. is it possible to have an upgrade for the base 5 backer to the 10w solar panel? thanks.
@camille. congrats. looks like thenled light question had been asked again, you're probably going to have it in the faq section. thank you for giving each of us a land yarn. looks like you've been busy backing ks projects yourself :)
@r michael moore: the non-rechargeable led flashlight has to stay connected to the battery-pack and makes sure you can enjoy the light as long as possible (up to 240hrs with the base 10), as this type of flashlight uses the energy more efficient than the rechargeable one. the rechargeable one on the other hand is portable. the perfect combination don't you think?!
@murali raju: no worries murali, glad the faq could help you.
@elttf: thanks you so much, it has been quite the roller-coaster the last few hours. if this add on will be available in the future, you'll be the first to know!
man i wished i was off today to get the super early bird!  looks like a great product. can't wait to get it.
@celia poehls: unlucky celia, but good to have you back! what do you mean exactly with 'pay it forward'? no options for extra lights unfortunately, but you can always buy more power+'s to be sure we do.
glad to be able to back another wakawaka project. i have two questions. the amp level when charging is it 3a per port or 1 per port? the ipad for instance needs at least 2a to charge. my second question is there a way to have an add on option to add more batteries. thanks
could you explain the "non-rechargeable" led flashlight versus the other rechargeable flashlight.  why the difference?   seems two rechargeable lights would be better?  thanks
sorry, please ignore the last post. already covered in your faq!
you should perhaps consider adding the process for multiple rewards/pledges in your faq section. i signed up for two rewards for $228, $89 for the super early bird base 5 and $130 for early adopter for base 10. thanks for another great new product! best of luck! - a repeat backer.
camille - congratulations. any chance that there will be an add-on of an extra rechargeable flash light?
dang, i missed it by minutes but no mind.  camile are you going to offer more pay it forwards like you did before?  any options that will send out extra lights?
@freddy jansen: cool!! you were just in time, lucky you!
phew! just grabbed the last more super early bird base 10.... close call! ;d
@anne bennedsen: anne, great to connect again! my colleague replied to you by e-mail. and thank you too, for helping us spread the light to dark places!
@chris chen: we would love the arrange that, but our administration wont let us, sorry. but if you order a wakawaka power it will be with you before the holiday season!
@roma: i would like to add a fifth point on our list: amazing crowd!
@vincen l: @kevin: yesss! vincent and kevin it is truly amazing! thanks!!
@debbie midwinter: yes, we are totally overwhelmed! only possible because of you!
my apologies. i predicted two days to reach your goal.  it took four hours! of course you know why this is so popular: 1. great idea 2. proven quality products 3. proven kickstarter track record 4. social conscience for your next project, can you produce a nice smartwatch please?  solar re-chargeable if you must!  :)
wow already blew past the goal! amazing!
@dennis cheng: yes, amazing isn't it!! we are very happy with your support! you are right, it is a 'buy one, give one'! this time you can choose the project of your donation.the package of the wakawaka base includes a code that can be entered on the wakawaka website. in this way you are able to donate your wakawaka light. to answer to your second question: your card will be charged after we reach our funding deadline, which is thu, nov 13 2014. share the sun!
hi camille, what about customs etc - will there be any issues/problems being taken care of in advance? congrats, i just love your products - they work great - even after leaving one in the hot car (distorded plastic etc) it still works fine!
goal met!
sorry, frank demes for the "n"   :(
thanks camille, you did answer me question. and congratulations on being funded on the first day!
congratulations! @frank demens: yes, somethink like this. think it have to be polyfused if you try to start your car with a "base" 12v outlet  :d ... but for netbooks, laptops... not shure if this is beyond the aim of wakawaka. we will see what camille thinks about it.
awesome to be back! incredible to be funded so quickly! huge congrats. question are any of the components water proof / resistant?
@camille - if i don't mind waiting until may 2015 to receive both wakawakas? would i need to add extra postage then?
congratulations!
@chris chen: thanks for your pledge, chris! for sure you get the usb stick and the t-shirt, as you are an 'agent of light' now! whereas the wakawaka power will be with you early december, the wakawaka base needs a bit more time and is shipped in may 2015. this means that you will receive two packages and you will have to add extra postage, to receive the power before the holidays.
funded!!!
5 hours after project start and 2.5 hours after i got the invitation email. it´s kickstarted !!! ;-)))
you rocked the base!!!!!! we'll be sending you an update in the next few minutes, but let me say this right away: you all rock!!! we could not have dreamed this!  big virtual hug for all of you !
@cl: great to have you on our team. share the sun!
hi, i am also a returning waka waka kickstarter backer. as with the last campaign, i have doubled my pledge, this time to $238 for two super early bird base 10 units. as last time, the second is a gift for a family member who needs this but can't afford one. i have already sent an email to info@waka-waka.com with this information. please advise if you no longer have room for this. thank you so much, and thank you for helping us spread the light to dark places!
@camille, think you are going to have to prepare an update about meeting the $70,000 goal the first day!
@gunnar like running a cb radio (or band of your choice) direct with the base?
@frank: great you are helping us answer the questions! you're welcome here at the office ;-) to answer your question: the battery pack can indeed be used the same way as the wakawaka power.
with 10.000 mah the next step would be 12v for charging "bigger" devices... just thought... may a possible stretch goal. 20 more minutes and it should be founded ;)   best, gunnar
@joseph: no the solar panel cannot be used to charge your phone. however, you can use the battery pack without the solar panel!
one minute there are 50 left for the early bird, the next minute they are all gone!  thankfully, there was another 250 added.  glad to support waka waka.  i've got the waka waka powers and they can take a while to full charge where i am but this looks more promising. question #1:  when will the credit card be charged? question #2: is it buy one = give one?
i pledged for a early bird base 10 and i live in the uk. so my total pledge amount is $119 + $25p&p = $144. if i add $79 for a power+, do i also get the usb and t-shirt as per the $79 power to you tier, and do i also have to add more postage?
@ryan: wow, my jaw dropped. you are helping us to make impact in the world. thank you very much. #agentsoflight
on the last kickstarter it was 312 backers on the first day ;-)
thank you for providing a way for me to support solar power in a way that works. i use these in canada at night sometimes as a way to slow down and just gel out... it would be great for all of us to be able to use more solar, so keep the projects coming! and, knowing that i am supporting others getting access to the same is really grand.
almost there!!! 500 backers in 2 hours !
@debbie midwinter: if you would prefer to actively charge the base while traveling, you can easily attach the solar panel to your back pack, and keep the battery pack inside your bag. does this answer your question, debbie?
@kevin: yes we've added another one! wow, sounds like the powers really came in handy at that time. glad we could assist!
@ryan: thank you so much. we consider you and everybody here to be true #agentsoflight
@frank demes: very good questions! here are the answers: the base will provide power to all three ports simultaneously. when multiple devices are connected, power will be shared between the ports. how the power is divided quantitatively depends on the electronics inside the connected devices, and may therefore vary from case to case. the base will prevent the connected devices from drawing more than the allowed current. the base can be charged using a 5v/1a mains adapter with micro usb plug.
@peter: you rock!
@joseph maiorana i don't think that will be possible since your phone probably needs a steady current and a stable voltage throughout the charging process. the solar panels voltage and current won't match your phones needs and also most probably even fluctuate heavily. this is why you need the base. @camil it will be possible to "charge trough" the base like with the waka power?
can the solar panel be used to charge my phone without using the base?
you guys opened more super early birds! wow, thanks camille. i have to say i love the the waka waka powers i got from the last campaign. jumped on it after going through a hurricane that left me 12 days without power. thankfully i haven't needed to use them for anything so extreme, but they've still come in quite handy.
very pleased with the technical innovation, thoughtfulness of design and quality of construction. with the brilliant social impact, supporting wakawaka and this kickstarter campaign is my privilege. #lightitup
thanks camille. on reflection, i think the south sudan volunteers might find the base 5 packs more helpful. will up my pledge and email you. cheers from australia!
@joseph maiorana: what do you mean, exactly?
@vincent d: a warm welcome back agent of light!
@derek lynch: yes, it only has a barrel out. one light only works when attached to the base, the other one only has to be attached to the base while charging.
@peter cartwright: yes you can! just add 2 times $79 and send us an email at info@waka-waka.com. good to see you back!
dang those super early birds went fast!!! guess that's what i get for running to the store. :(
are the charging bases free standing only, or could these be attached to something if you are moving?
@camille. nah. i've seen crazier ones. you have a great reputation, good customer service and a good cause. you'll probably reach 70k much faster since ks doesn't really have a limit on items people can pledge. i might be able to test the wakawaka base in my backyard this summer.
@peter cartwright: a wonderful compliment, thank you very much!
@frank demes: of course i meant increase your amount with $89, since they are still available!
can the solar charger be used without the base?
@chris: this is crazy!
returning agent of light here. i love wakawaka for making a positive impact around the world. this is a great kit to prepare for emergencies!
@dirk siegel: yes you can! just increase the amount and send us an email at info@waka-waka.com
okay lets see if i have this all correct. the base (both 5 and 10), can be charged via the barrel connector or micro usb.  question: the solar panel only has the barrel connector out? or does it have more than just barrel out? one led light is rechargeable, the other is not. question: you said it was "attached to the cable", does that mean it has a usb plug or something to plug into the base? i keep my waka waka power plus sitting on my window all the time just in case :) now i'll need to find another window for this one to sit in :) (backed the base 10, yay super earlybird).
@sharon joy: thanks for your support! yes you can have the early bird base 2 times. just increase the amount and send us an email at info@waka-waka.com. for the usb-stick you'll have to add another $29.
@duke nukem: your kind words mean the world to us! thank you!
@roma: the support is truly overwhelming! thank you so much.
@frank demes: thank you very much! yes, just increase your pledge with $109 and send us an email at info@waka-waka.com
spotted a micro usb on the schematic (and a early comment ;-) , wasn't in the description ;-) are the solar panels interchangeable?
@camey: welcome back!
@charles coward: thanks! it is going crazy!
@camille, can i add two wakawaka lights also? i gave my last two to friends volunteering in south sudan and would like to give another two. they are really helpful there. nice to see you back.
@tom: sorry tom, but you'll have to increase your pledge. thank you though so very much for backing our project!
@camille. almost halfway there. better have some stretch goals and an update ready :)
@trowby brockman thanks so much! yes, just increase your pledge with $79 and shoot us an email at info@waka-waka.com
well done wakawaka. you are fine people with a social conscience and great products.
some questions on the specs. is it 3x3a with 3a combined max, or 3x1a with 3a combined? how will the base split the amps when charge a tablet and one/two phone(s)? will i be able tho charge the base via usb, or via 6/8volt 1a dc input. (separate ac adapter?)
i remember the last project, we were able to add additional ones. hope it works the same for this project. we're now on the popular page.
great to see wakawaka again on kickstarter. can i pledge for more than one base 10 kit?
btw: the waka power still works perfect! got two last time and one is currently traveling trough the australian outback ;-)
if i double my pledge, can i get 2 super-early bird first aid kits?  oh, and what about that waka-shaped usb stick? also a returning supporter, happy to get your email announcement as i figure that the super-early birds will be gone soon!  thanks for all that you give back too!
i had to get one of these as my wakawaka power has been an amazing product and has taken way more than a beating and keeps on working no matter what and has been a pleasure to recommend to lots of people.  it is the outstanding engineering behind wakawaka products combined with goal of making the world a brighter place for everyone that makes these products so appealing.  looking forward to getting a base 10 as being in canada the extra solar panel capability is pretty much a gotta have.
great to see wakawaka back. i reckon you will reach your goal in 2 days!
is it possible to pledge for both early super early bird packages? 5mah and 10mah. i already pledged for the 10mah and only get the option to change the pledge but not to add one.
back for some more wakawaka.
@camelle. glad you're getting a kick out of this. you're already at over 10%. and 60+ backers.
glad you are offering another product. backed your previous campaign and found them to be well designed. your funding is taking off!
i'm in for the base-10... do i also get a t-shirt and usb drive?
returning backer too. in for the super early bird 10000 base. possible to add on for a wakawaka light w usb? we gave ours to our kids for camping. many thanks.
@chris: lol  the little guy being the wakawaka power??   ha!   it's so cool to see so much enthusiasm for wakawaka once again! but let us work on reaching the target first. that's when we'll jump up and down the room cause the base will than go in production!
@camille. maybe the next generation of the base will have more than one color. looks like you're going to hit 10% pretty soon. looking forward to whatever stretch goals you already have planned. yes, the little guy gets to ride around with me up and down hills.
@chris: there's no special base edition. but you can be proud of your very unique wakawaka power, cool!
@camille. that's good to know. you may have to add that to the faq. so will there be a special crowdfunded edition as a stretch goal maybe? i love my green wakawaka power. i hook it up to my bike and charge my lights with it.
@jonathan: cool man! always happy to hear that. and ... thanks to you a family in haiti now has 4 hours extra every day for the rest of their lives :)  the give one from the previous ks campaign
@chris: one led light has a rechargeable lifepo4 battery, the other one is attached to the cable and does not have a battery.
@camille:  thanks for the info!  happy to support you, again!  i love my wakawaka power!
@camille:thanks for the quick reply. so the led light that's not rechargeable, can the battery be replaced and if so what kind of battery does it run on.
@jonathan: forgot to tell you, the batteries have 1,000 cycles. which means you can completely charge & discharge them 1,000 times... unless you do this every single day, the battery will last for years. but it is replaceable. by the time you need a new one, we'll have them available online.
are the internal batteries replaceable?  (like 18650's or something)
@corey: thanks for backing wakawaka: yes, that's micro usb in
@jonathan: welcome back! :)    the self discharge time of the batteries is more than 6 months.
@chris: oh man... bummer... but so cool that you're here already! my answer to your question is: each usb can handle 3a individually (max output).
i see a micro-usb port beside the barrel jack connector.  is that for charging input?
since this is an emergency kit, how long will the batteries last in storage?  also, will they be replaceable?
tried to be the first backer. #2 isn't bad though. so 1 of the led lights is rechargeable, but the other 1 isn't. sorry to ask this, i'm a little confused at the output of the usbs.
hey ho,  great to 'see' you again! exciting moment again and awesome that you are one of the first backers for "the base" ! you are helping us to make impact in the world.
returning backer for wakawaka!
