i got this for my granddaughter and she loved it. however, she has "lost" the dongle. is there any way i can replace this? thanks
anybody else's keyboard have any issues. a whole set of keys on our keyboard stopped working out of the blue. like a dozen different keys don't respond at all! is there any kind of warranty coverage for this? is there some simple fix? any thoughts?
working now!
likewise - sold out already??
help!, i'm unable to place my pre-order for the kano screen kit, the shop is unavailable....maybe because the whole world is trying to order a screen kit?!
hi paul - really sorry for any confusion surrounding the translations. we originally released them 12 months ago and they were available on our downloads page. since then the kano kit has changed and the books we originally created became less useful. we started a new translation campaign in spring this year and were blown away by the response. the books take a long time to convert from simple strings into pixel perfect pages, and with only one graphic designer it's taken a lot longer than we had hoped. we're going to double down on getting the books to you for the holidays and in the meantime we've re-uploaded the old books for you to enjoy right away: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/c81tw2cmzbkc6x1/aaddkfv3fuek0vp4jpjkf9tfa/books/translations… thanks for giving us a poke on this one - your hard work on the translations really does mean the world to us.
i am feeling _very_ disappointed in kano. i backed it with great enthousiasm. for me (and many others!) is was importand that at least the books would be translated. i could see that volunteers translated strings in very high gear, so i was expecting downloadable pdfs in the same pace. now, more than a year later, there is nothing. nothing. my girl (8, by now) speaks no english. for persons from the us this is apparently very hard to understand. but learning to use a computer and learning a foreign language at the same time is too hard. can you please at least distribute the source for the pdfs? we (the wonderfull community you keep talking about) will put in the translated strings ourself, if need be... i saw many people with the same question, here, and elsewhere on the net. it is really shameful that the kano team never seems to formally reply to this. if i bought this in a local shop, with the same promise, i would have returned my kano by now! :-(
unfortunately i have not received my kano either. i've had more pressing personal issues in mind since late last year but would like to follow up on this. have the others i see below who never received a shipping number or a package got any tips as to how to proceed? thanks.
and although upgrade looks great, no time to make os multilingual... gamebreaker for a lot of kids...
hi all! i've been getting a lot of emails lately — unfortunately, i've sold my kano unit.
looking to purchase a kano kit? mine is for sale, for much less than retail! aside from peeking inside the box, i have never used it. please contact me at chrisdavis at me.com if interested. usa only please.
i'd like to ask the same question as @marc meillon. apart from simple text files for the books on transifex, i have seen nothing. having translated pdf files for the books would be the bare minimum, getting the os translated too would be great, though i don't see that happening in the next few months... :(
french, german... when is it finally going live? if this is scratchedd from production line, i would want to return the bunch as non english speaking kid.
hi guys! i'm from brazil and unfortunately did not get my kano, my order came here and returned to china. i was very upset because it would give my son. :( i would appreciate my kano.
thanks @jeehoon ahn. omg can't believe there wasn't a bit of papering the box to say fn+bluetooth on to enable pairing. did you figure that out by trial and error? you have way more patience than i did. pairing worked with os x will try the ipad later, but fn button was the magic combo that was missing.
i'm still waiting, come on kano, please reply to your support email.
still waiting for my kano... im the only one who cannot recieved it yet?
to people who can't pairing the keyboard, try to push bluetooth key while pressing fn key. you're welcome
hi,i know some people have bigger problems than i do(they still dont have their units) but just a quick question- so far where do i get an update on the stretch goal for mobile scratch. we hit 1.5m right? did you release it? i dont remember seeing any mention of it in the 31 updates. i could be wrong. im a lazy reader. please address martins blutooth issue. i havent really gotten into my kano yet coz i had some hardware issues with mine but eventually when i encounter their problems also. i hope theres a solution by the time i experience them. hope everyone is enjoying their kano. we all waited so long for it.
hey guys any update on the bluetooth? i can see a number of people saying they can't connect to phones or os x i have the same issue. press bluetooth button blue light is on green light flashing but os x(10.10) and ios devices (ios 7&8) can't see any bluetooth devices. what am i doing wrong? there was no manual with the keyboard so if there is some mystic incarnation beyond turning on and pressing bluetooth button it would be great to know would love to get to use the keyboard. cheers martin
i´m still waiting mine >:(
i have finally got a contact back, but all it did was tell me to submit a ticket  at their help page. https://help.kano.me/hc/en-us/requests/new tip for the kano team, just create the support process for the person, don't say, sorry not sure why, you should submit a ticket here to fine out. .... ugg..
yeah, and when i try to send them a message so far no reply, not the only one.
@shaun. kano team has given details for contact in every update, as well as in this very page on the right side of your screen , just click on the "contact me" link.
where do we contact you, as i still don't have a tracking number?
i received the parcel last week. it works as i expected. i has been waiting since january, so i'm happy.
i was so excited to receive my kano only to realize that i had pitched in for just a keyboard and not the kano. can i still get a kano at the pre-order/kickstarter price? a keyboard is nice but pretty useless without a computer to go with it.
posting for benefit of tesa who received my kano package. on 11 oct 2014, at 7:44 pm, mathew keegan (kano) wrote: kano               -- please type your reply above this line -- your request (4942) has been updated! want to respond? just reply to this email. mathew kee	 mathew keegan (kano) oct 11 12:44 hi there, sorry for the delayed response - as you can imagine we are receiving a huge number of enquiries at the moment. i can confirm that the tracking code is correct, and the address ups has matches the one we hold on file. best wishes mathew keegan head of customer service waitat see	 waitat see oct 11 02:51 hi there, not gotten a response. could you confirm on the shipping address. not received any tracking number and noted your mention of delivery completion. do help waitat see	 waitat see oct 10 00:47 could you advise the delivery address? not having a tesa at our place nor seeing the package anywhere. close window dear customer, this notice serves as proof of delivery for the shipment listed below. tracking number:1zv930e90448966794service:ups worldwide express saver®weight:1.40 kgsshipped/billed on:09/26/2014delivered on:09/30/2014 12:48 p.m.delivered to: signed by:tesaleft at:residential thank you for giving us this opportunity to serve you. mathew kee	 mathew keegan (kano) oct 09 16:41 hi there, thanks for getting in touch. it appears that your kit was delivered and signed for: best wishes mathew keegan head of customer service
another person here who has no tracking code. wrote in and: informed package was delivered and received with a sudden tracking code with recipient as "tesa". neither having a tesa at home nor a package received. requested to verify the address sent and was advised it was per address on file. tesa must had submitted an awesome unpacking video.
still waiting... and no tracking number either.... sigh....
rodney, shaun, +1
yeah, i have to agree with rodney there, my initial reaction is like yo wtf, where is mine, spend less time making email campaigns like that and more getting the product shipped and updating the people who are still waiting.
i find this amusing, having all these unpacking videos, much self praise for yourselves when as with myself & others zero has arrived, tracking number tells me zero, as a business i would have thought that all the self praise bullshit would come when you have delivered all the items that have been ordered by the people who backed you & made this possible,pissed off, yes !!!
my eight-year-old pinged his first url. i'm so proud! *sniff* it's a fine product - my eldest boy enjoyed plugging everything together and getting his kano up and running, while the twins (four years old) are now plotting how to steal it from him.
2 things: 1) some of my friends backed and got the keyboard thinking they were getting the whole kano...can they order the full kano and get a discount?? 2) this thing rocks!!!! my 9 year old totally is digging this.
i have the same problem with the kano keyboard - i am unable to pair it over bluetooth with any of my devices (3 androids, linux). the keyboard is just not discovered. i have the green light blinking and blue light steady on. any advice?
wow!  just wow! after spending months trying to walk the complex maze of hardware, software and language options to introduce my 6 and 8 year olds to code, kano knocks it all out of the park! i couldn't be more blown away with the ease, simplicity, fabulous tutorials and code-writing awards and accolades built into the kano ecosystem. you guys have set an exceptionally high bar for any future raspberry pi project kits - and an incredibly inviting interface and ecosystem no one else can even touch. i want to buy many more of these.  there's no better gift than the gift of discovery and invention you folks have created for kids with kano. absolutely brilliant!
greetings from tokyo. i got mine today, the details and thoughts that has gone into the packaging and crafting each of the little apps is amazing. i haven't been so excited about a box since i got my first macbook pro. as a brit i am so proud to see colour spelt right too. so looking forward to what you guys will do to the world in your next months and years.
i only received my keyboard ??
kits arrived!  youngest boy has built his and it's updating now.  his words, "i'm so happy."  :)
no tracking.  no kano kits here in texas. did receive tracking numbers for someone else's shipment that was coming here but got rerouted to illinois.  @stacy cochran, did you get your 10?
east cost us, here. i received mine on 10/2, and the whole experience from opening the packaging to building to first bootup and login is really great. the instructions in particular are spot on. i truly believe this could be built by a curious child. what a step in the right direction; bill nye would be proud! i also appreciate how the packaging doubles as a case so you can take apart and rebuild to your heart's content and also challenge your friends. great project.
i got mine today, i just unboxed it and i haven't played with it but it looks gorgeous!. very well thought from hardware to packing. i'm so looking forward to play with minecraft! i did have to pay 80 usd to get it in chile, but those big taxes are always a given when using ups and its local associates (who don't alert of the payment until is delivered).
not since the days of the sinclair zx81 have i been this excited about a box! apple quality packaging and the pure feeling of quality as you carefully caress it in your hands. this was an extremely gratifying project to be part of and could stand as an example for others to follow. the old empire strikes back i guess. excellent work!
received mine yesterday.....good.....
got mine yesterday.... so. damn. good.
just received my kano. it looks gorgeous! thanks!
hey @torsten noticed your comment about your keyboard box being opened. mine was the same and the cardboard insert was resting inside. love the vibrancy of the orange keyboard. also having the | symbol is going to rock my htpc world. my dinovo mini doesn't have one and makes life interesting.
hey cheeyoon, i've got the same issue, tried with ipad but it also doesn't see the keyboard. looks ace and dongle works so may just use that in a different machine as macbook only has two ;)
just received my keyboard! but i can't get the bluetooth to connect to my macbook or iphone. green light indicating power is blinking while the blue light indicating bluetooth is on as well, but it's not discoverable.
no receive tracking no yet. from japan
i am very disappointed with my government. i have to pay a lot of money due to customs regulations that went into effect in january this year.
$136.77 in custom taxes! guess what? i don't have the money for this. so, good bye, kano. waited too long for this deception.
shipping confirmation received. for those looking for another one, this will be up on ebay as soon as received. to the kano project, if you pursue another kickstarter, please spend more time ahead of the launch on marketing and cute packaging.  while it does take a while from funding to delivery to make a product, the updates were often non-updates, or cutesy "gee look at us" moments. i would rather see updates about the product directly, or show more updates along the lines of "we got the royal coal school to commit to 30 units!" i mean seriously, on july 18th of this year you put up a survey on case colors? wtf.
got shipping notification on 2 boxes, that arrived today..expecting 2 larger boxes and surprised to see only 2 units.  i was a backer at the $1k level, why would only 2 of the 10 ship?  i would expect all 10 to ship together.
kano landed in sydney australia at 14.27 today for this early bird and his six year old daughter :)
received the t-shirt as well. very nice! thank you kano!
got mine this morning, on my birthday! it's lovely.
actually mine is $136.77 in custom taxes! gee...
ouch! so sorry brazilians.. i'm used to big custom tax in canada, but surprisingly got none this time around.  but yes, post office is always safer in that aspect.
same surprise here in brazil, an upsetting $126.74 custom tax that is even more expensive than the product. as told by ups, its taxes are bigger than the post office ones. what a sad surprise at the arrival of this beautiful project.
received it today in brazil and had to pay $126.74 in taxes. if possible, please add the option of shipping through the post office and not a courier service like ups or fedex in the future because it cost significantly more to receive a package through them here.
the packaging is beautiful. got it today in germany
just got my kano today. awesome box design and amazing product. well worth the wait. i hope development will be done on app development for ios and android.
got it today in austria. awesome box design, can't wait to show it to my kids!
nvm my last post. got fixed after update. they thought of everything! good job makers =d
hi you awesone kanoers.just received the kano and kids are already loving it. only problem is we don't have display with hdmi so we hooked it up to the tv and everything is scaled way larger than the screen. 640x400 something. anyone know how to fix this? thank you!
no tracking info received - but kano did arrive today and its being put together by an excited 8 year old as i type.
hey kano team! received my kit yesterday here in switzerland! haven`t tried it yet but just to open up the box was awesome! great project!
no receive tracking no yet. from malaysia
hi, i just received my kano and i'm impressed by the attention to detail, from the packaging, instructions and the whole experience. i have one question though. how long is the first os update supposed to take? mine's been spinning on step 4 for about half an hour probably.
heho, - did receive my keyboard today - but what is the plan for "you'll also get downloads of the books, the os.."  ? thx
got mine today, really awsome!
got my kit today (in switzerland). according to the tracking list, it went from china through hongkong, anchorage, kentucky, philadelphia, and cologne to switzerland. and this in only 4 days. i'm impressed... will unbox later today with my son. looking forward to it.
got my kit today here in norway. ps: payment for customs will arrive at a later time from our friends at ups ;-) i´m impressed with the kit! introduced it to my 8 year old son, and he loves it, even if he´s struggling a bit with the english. probably going to buy some more of these! :-)
received today mykano, without payments for custom, cool! here in the netherlands
i got my keyboard today and the packaging with the stickers sealing was already opened before i opened it. so it looks like the keyboard is a used one. why is the package sealing already broken?
i noticed today my t-shirt is special! as an earliest bird backer, i got a tshirt that says "proud member of the 1000 club"  on the left sleeve.  cool!
landing in sydney, australia on monday awesome!!
i got my tracking number the same day it said it was supposed to be delivered.   i don't know who usps delivered my package to but it wasn't to my house.  i've contacted the kano folk and they're looking into it.  i was excited to have this to tinker with over the weekend but i guess i'll be waiting  a while.
by the way, for those that are concerned about the small delay in receiving this, i have now backed 18 projects, only 3 or so of those were delivered on time. there are 2 that are now over 1 1/2 years delayed and one of those is rapidly approaching 2 years delay.
got mine today. as others have stated, tracking number only works if you remove the last character Ê .
my tracking info now shows an expected delivery on tuesday. yippee!
got mine today in japan! it really looks great! big thanks to the kano team and their effort to make this happen. i got a mail with tracking number right before the delivery. the tracking number was not valid in my case either.  i removed the last Ê and then it worked.
patience everyone. i have one kickstarted project that's just short of a year behind, but they're getting there. your helping start small business around the world. give it time to grow. just got our tracking number, which is perfect timing as this is for my daughter and her birthday is this weekend. she's been asking about it every day. keep up the excellent work team kano. looking forward to lots of programming fun at home with my daughter. that makes the wait worth while. thanks for enabling the connection.
just read axel's comment, thanks mate that worked great! :)
i just got a tracking number (apparently resent - never got the first email) and ups tracking indicates that it is an invalid tracking number...
i only got my tracking number at 12:30pm cst, my kano arrived at 1:15pm cst! rather surprised me.
i also don't seem to have my tracking number, when do i get the kano?
@roger. it's common to have a number before anything is actually shipped. give it a day or two and you should see something- hopefully.
i got the mail and tracking number but it was not valid... i removed the last Ê and then it worked.... :d
received tracking number today. package is scheduled to be delivered tomorrow. now i need to get a monitor ;-).
i'm experimenting the same issue @roger james. today i received a email with the tracking number, but this number is not valid. (1zv93**************). please check it and tell us what's happening (may be this number is not activated yet?) thank you.
i also just got my resent tracking number. a bit strange though. ups tracking says that the package label was created on the 19th of september and the status was last updated on the 26th september showing that they still have not received the actual package for dispatch! so i am still non the wiser about an actual delivery date. but i suspect large scale international logistics management was not something you guys were thinking about when you started this project :-)
kano - thank you for listening. even though you're silent in the comments, i *just* received an email from you saying that you are resending tracking numbers out to everyone because you're hearing that not everyone got the tracking number.  thank you.  i now have a tracking number, and my package will be here on monday.
got my tshirt today ! i had completely forgotten about it, and when the mailman handed me the envelope i didn't click. even when he told me it was from england. not my finest moment. great envelope! tshirt fits. kano boots. ;-)
package turned up today but didn't receive any tracking number. luckily was home at the time. the packaging is indeed very awesome and well put together. kudos!
i don't have a tracking number either and i still don't have the kano. i guess i'll have to wait a little longer.
got my kano this afternoon at the office.  played around with it and it's pretty cool. great packaging! keyboard obviously is small for my chubby adult fingers and very clackity toy-like feel to the keys but works well enough. got home and re-assembled it and now updating the system.  great job kano team! i'll be showing this off to my friends' kids at the weekend bbq.
got my judo tshirt today, thanks a lot. got to say liked the packaging aswell lol. not seen an envelope like that before. still having fun with kano
finally got the judo t-shirt today after got my kano 6 days ago. i am still waiting my other project the hdmipi screen and feel excited to see how it works together.
when is this suppose to ship? last email i got said first week of september? nothing here yet or an update? my son has been so disappointed .
does not reach yet.  the cause, i believe that depends on the shipping order.  of the total number, what number to dispatch procedure is whether they are?  since good snapshot of any, please tell me.  and what number do i be sending? and if it is not in your shipping procedure, tracking number will not be issued.  however, the ordinal number of the list of your order of i, or are registered,  then, to what number processing is what is advanced, is considered to be clear. thankfully "until what number processing or advanced" for, and get to also report on a weekly basis.
thanks guys! got mine!
i haven't gotten my sons yet either - and not tracking number and no response lately to emails which historically has been pretty quick.  wondering what's going on with these kits...
no tracking number here either - early bird canada. any comments about what happened to the tracking numbers?
in the us are you getting via usps or ups?
i had a tracking number and was able to track the shipment... i wonder why so many report no tracking number...
received mine yesterday in the mail. also got a nice email from them in the morning with a tracking number.
posting from my kano now! came in the post this afternoon here in minneapolis with no tracking number. loving it so far!
never received a tracking number but i did get it today!
earliest bird, mine arrived today and i never received a tracking number. kit looks amazing!
no tracking number and then an email that ups could not deliver as they have tried 3 times! now it was sent back to brussels without a clear indication when will it arrive.  understand that this is a new company and stuff .. but some basic logistics and communication with your customers is part and parcel with being successful. eventually it will arrive when it arrives but it kind of leaves a bitter taste considering other kickstarter companies (blaze) can show a thing or to to kano how to manage customers. rgs, r
got my kano and it looks great. waiting a week to build it so i have time to help and motivate my kid. still waiting for tshirt ... :)
mine just arrived!  thanks!
i received! even without being notified of the tracking number. @i cheng chung: the email said swag rewards would come in a separate package: """as an early bird, you had our backs before anyone, and so we’ve got something for yours – your beautiful, limited edition t-shirts are being shipped now as well. they’ll arrive in a separate package."""
hi kano ,i am very surprised to receive my kano package before noon but as the earliest bird i don't get any swag reward and t-shirt and other stuffs which you have said on the $99 tier . what is happening to these extra special rewards which you promised to deliver for the earliest bird?
received mine today. great packing, quality of material quite good. will test run later : )
i'm sorry, earliest bird. no tracking #.
@daniel, @andy - early bird. east coast, usa. no tracking # either
got mine in the mail, it looks fantastic. can't wait to play with it on the weekend. haven't got the t-shirt though.
got it!  thanks!  now what.. ?   i haven't seen the swag part but i think that i'll put the kano on ebay since i already bought a raspberry pi.. quick question, is the os open source if i want to download and install it on another pi?
@daniel, i didn't get a tracking number, but mine arrived yesterday. kano are shipping from the netherlands (for some reason... the project is 'based' in london...), so maybe it's a little slower to where you are?
early bird here. no shipping # yet
@creator! - is any home to help with address changes?
got my kano today. it look fantastic. thanks kano for a great project.
got home from work and it has arrived. yet to build it but looks fantastic. thanks a lot kano.
woohoo! today's surprise was a good surprise... mine just got delivered! unpacked but not fired up yet, packing is great, well worth the wait. congrats team kano :-)
i too am anxious to receive my kit.  but - i also have the utmost respect for the kano team and know they are busting ass to deliver to their backers.  remember everyone, when you backed them, you accepted the risk of delays.  kickstarter is awesome - let the journey happen!
just received mine!  congrats to the kano team! it's an awesome product and i love the packaging so much i almost don't want to unpack it :d
holy sht people are impatient.  they said, "starting first week of september...".  if this is your first kickstarter, then i need to make you aware that they almost never go off exactly on time.  that's the inherent nature of kickstarters.  they're entrepreneurial endeavors that are getting off the ground for the first time (they've never been done before.  it is now a "matter of days".  give that post two weeks before asking for an update (25 sep 2014 if it wasn't obvious).
earliest bird special, no kano in the mail
latest update on the forum is "we are almost there guys! you will receive the kits pretty soon :d"
early bird here. no shipping # yet.
have the early bird kits shipped to backers or shipped into some form of distribution network in bulk? some of us are struggling to understand the delay in getting a number, feels like we might be missing part of the story, can you give us some more detail on what's happening? people will cope with delay as long as they are kept informed :)
@enrique – power plug will be compatible! your kano comes custom with the right chargers. @josh – tracking numbers for early birds should arrive soon. we're working hard with pch to get the assembly line moving faster, and we'll send an update with more info shortly. this final stretch is edge-of-our-seats, as it's now a matter of days – thank you for your continued patience. every extra day improves the simplicity, speed, and fun of the kano kit, and by bearing with us, we've seen that the kano community are true backers, not just buyers. more soon, alex
anyone have a tracking number yet? i'm okay with a delay... but please keep communicating about it.
for anyone looking for another kano, i'll be putting mine on ebay for a starting bid of $1 if it shows up.
hey there, i'm moving to a different city on the 12 of september. so i can't receive anything on my current address after the 12th. can you send the kano to my new address...?
so who is going to be the first with a tracking number :)?
will the power plug be compatible for america?
i've moved. how do i update my shipping address?
hooray!  good job, guys and hope you have even greater success in the future!
is there any initiative to translate kano os to other languages, especially french? when i pledged last year for two kanos, one for me, one for my little niece, i was hoping to get french os and books. it seems that, to get french books, i'll have to get the pdfs and print them myself, which is... fine, but for the os, is there anything, anywhere?
kano-please explain i admit you must be busy, busy adults with important things to do, like some of the intentional recipients of your kit. unfortunately, between the time your kit was first estimated to be shipped, and what now seems like another delay, i have turned into same said adult, so i have the confidence to say: where's the kit? so unless you ship today, that will be another disappointing delay. sorry kano.
and it is 5/9/2014 and still waiting "general release kits will start shipping first week of september." the bottom line – we are still waiting
i have not received yet.
any update on the situation? backed this project as a present by the delay is wearing our patience down.
i need to change the address for my kano that will be sent very soon.  if it is sent usps it will be forwarded but any other shipping means will need the new address. please let me know if you receive this.
another delay? fcc?... :(
@todd: why do you presume the people in the photo are americans? considering it was taken in london, uk i would rather assume they are british. also there is no reason to expect the product must be manufactured in the us, given the company is based in the uk and most international companies now manufacture in china. if you only want to support projects built in the usa, you should not have contributed to this project.
my kids also lost interest in the project, and i can't blame them.
i think we all should step back and do something fun.  how about backing the “coolest cooler” over on kickstarter. now over $10m; at least if it fails it would be the biggest or maybe the biggest crowding project ever.  we can ‘chill’ out over a couple of drinks and some tunes. 53 hours to go – (pass around) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ryangrepper/coolest-cooler-21st-century-cooler-thats-actually cheers!
really, it had to be built in china? i see 10 americans in the photo. did you even try to build it here? i want to cancel my order.
it's hard to wait for me too, but in such case i think at hofstadter's law: " it always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account hofstadter's law." take a look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hofstadter%27s_law for waiting. we never been so close from our kano kit.
update your shipping status. 3rd week of august is gone and you haven't said a thing about that pending fcc certification.
i'm one of those folks who needs to update shipping address information. we are very eagerly awaiting our kano, and very patient, but don't want to lose it in the mail.... kickstarter should add an optional "physical shipment management" capability for creators that are more excited about their idea and its implementation than they are about managing gritty crm data.
this is the first i've seen about fcc certification potential delay...how are things looking?
friends, thank you all for taking the time to comment... it means a lot to us that you're following our progress closely, and holding us to account on both quality and speed. first, for a full update on our shipping status, click here: http://getkano.co/shippingupdate the bottom line – we are still on track to ship your kits in september. currently, we are waiting for the united states fcc certification, and will let the community know immediately if anything changes. second, thank you for your patience. yes, kickstarter campaigns often ship months, sometimes years late, and yes, we are committed to a high-quality, "wow"-worthy kit. still, we were incorrect to predict a mid-summer delivery date, and we're sorry for missing the mark. we will reward your patience with a gangbusters computer kit, as simple, fun, and powerful as promised, plus ongoing projects and powerups to help you make and play over the coming months. finally, for responses in less than 24 hours to any and all of your questions, drop our support wizards a line at help@kano.me, or http://help.kano.me. our team will also be on-call to help you build, troubleshoot, and explore once your kit arrives. thank you to each and every backer, especially the early birds, for staying with us. the finish line approaches, and it will be sweet... love, alex
when will kano shipped?
@dino actually the first 1000 were estimated to be june, "a month before anyone else", but that seems to have been forgotten about in the hype. whilst i have my own opinions of team kano's priorities, i agree kickstarter isn't the place for people who expect guarantees. i've seen one of the late prototypes and it will be worth the wait!
woah, why are people so up in arms about the shipping date. the est was july from the beginning. its called an estimate for a reason and they're not even that far off plus they told us about it. give them a break, they're trying to deliver a great product. if you wanted a half-baked pi (excuse the pun) then you could have easily gone out and purchased the components and just funded the os which was released on time ages ago. this is a one-product startup, not a major corporation with experience in manufacturing and logistics, i personally think think the'yre doing a pretty solid job thus far, i look forward to trying out the product when it ships.
ginette, try reading update #25 "shipping update – and your new kano case", sent out july 22.
when can i expect my kano? it was supposed to be in july.
@charles r stevens: "early birds" are those who pledged for the level that states "(earliest bird special)" (both being $99 levels, limited to 1000 backers. the description of the reward states that in this level "you get your kit a month before everyone else,..."
i've funded quite a few projects on kickstarter and they were all delayed. alas, delays are just a part of product development and manufacturing. kano has been the best project for me so far, just one month delay, that's amazing. i previously funded the "ixpander" which was supposed to be out end of 2012 - i'm still waiting....
i hope to get a shipping notification soon. i've lost all interest and my daughter has all but forgotten about it. if i could get a refund, i would gladly do it. the original goal was $100,000 and they raised over $1,500,000. seems like an awful lot of extra cash to delay, delay, delay and then ask for additional vat. still waiting... zzz...
this is the second time i've been burned funding a project for a birthday present. our last update said e-mail to get a special certificate which i did, but have heard nothing. i also asked what the cutoff was to be considered "early bird" since these will ship third week of august but again, no response. anyone have any idea on who the early birds are? i funded 11/23/13.
to all...please forgive if this was already answered but i am still confused at one of postings or updates that said they only had 400 left or some number like that.  did they ship stuff to other before the backers? this campaign has been confusing to me on the messaging. honestly i bought this for my mom.  she has a nerve disorder that is slowly taken her dexterity.  i had hoped this would have brought her focus and had given us another thing to do together. i just want a straight up post update whatever on what is going on with no cute little bs.  this is a business and we are backers not children. please just be direct.  i do not care about marketing.  ship the darn thing in a burlap bag in shielded plastic. sorry for venting everyone.  been a tough month.
re:andreas adlboller i am all for qc. i am used to delays with ks projects. the project was geared towards kids therefor mine have been involved from the start. i was interested in raspberry pi but was not sure how to get started and kano seemed to be a great solution. we have toyed with the software but decided dig in when the kit gets here. suggesting this project is a humanitarian effort is a bit far fetched... we also wanted to do the google cardboard vr kit, so i went to amazon to order the components, and was pleasantly surprised to find someone offering kits that saved me the hassle of having to pay for shipping and extra items i did not need. that's kinda of what i was getting at.. my main concern is the speed at which these type of ideas age out. we don't expect this project to go down in history, however it would be nice to know that after delivery a support network was still in place and a community could grow and not wane like so many other projects i get involved with. still looking forward to delivery.
i for myself like the effort of keeping the production chain "clean" to the last detail. and after all, delivery was july 2014 from the start, i don't see that much problem with it slipping by 2 months (seriously, this is still one of the  "close to announced date" projects that involves hardware production. right now i'm waiting on 2 projects that are more than half a year delayed. and one of them is a frickin' cable). well, at least i didn't tell the kids that are gonna play with it about it so far, so theres not much expectations to be ruined ;) and come on, the components were pretty much off the shelf by the time this project was funded already, so if you didn't want to get a cute package and project owners who care about humanity you maybe should have opted to take the "download only" option, that way you could have played with kano pretty much since last xmas.
since the shipping time has changed and i have to move, how can i change the address for the product delivery? thank you
@tom i'm with you. too much time on cutesy non-update updates, slow feedback. i'm selling mine when it arrives.
waning enthusiasm, my kids no longer care about the project, and i don't blame them.  seems like mot of the components are off the shelf and the delays are silly branding efforts. just my 2 cents.
how long should i expect shipping to the us?  its been a lil over 2 weeks since my product was said to be shipped and i haven't received it.  thanks!
l
is it still possible to correct the delivery address? thanks!
@damon...; find your survey response under your pledge, click on 'your response'
hey guys just received an email verifying my address however the phone number associated with this is wrong. i don't see where to change it on the kickstarter site. can someone contact me to get the new number?
backers of europe, sending love from london, on target with 30 days until ship. 1) the email you've received is from us, fully legit. we're asking for your support paying vat on kano, which we missed in the original project description. our production costs are already above our raise, so we could use your help – but of course, donating the extra 24€ is entirely voluntary. 2) thank you for the thousands of impassioned responses to our question on cases! we'll be back to you soon with the big decision... yours in sleepless nights and china flights, alex
hi guys i just let team kano know about your questions on twitter so they should be in here soon. they say that the email came from them as well.
guys, can we have a reply on the 24€ extra? it does smell fishy, and if your servers got hacked it is worse.
i just received an email asking for additional 24€ for taxes. i suppose this is a scam?
hi guys, a short question, on the what's inside picture, number 9 shows hdmi cable + network cable. however i haven't seen the network cable anywhere else, is the kit is going to be shipped with it? thanks
fully transparent, if that is not possible, then b.
definitely b
b looks better and may be easier to use
please check this.  https://scontent-a-sea.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/t31.0-8/10329887_10152270604553477_7583507287397786224_o.jpg
hi guys, same question as gergely vasvari below. is that bit.ly to paypal link we received to pay vat legitimate? thanks, david
case b looks nicer - i want to see the computer!
i prefer b or if possible fully transparent.
i'd prefer fully transparent, otherwise b about this email gergely is talking about, i got the same, and tbh it looks like a phishing attempt - clarification please?
hi kano guys, i received an email requesting additional funds to cover european taxes. could it be an illlegitimate message? redirects to a link which was disabled by bit.ly
b
b
prefer b - more fun for the kids to see what is going on.
a
to add to my comment below, if it could be fully transparent that would be waaaay cooler too!
my vote is for b - transparent makes it easier (and more interesting!) for the kids to see what things look like and how it works
fully transparent please! you can probably imprint the kano logo on the transparent top face (with the speaker holes), in one of the corners! (choice c)
my vote is for b or better: full transparent if possible.
my vote is for b, absolutely. or completely transparent.
hallo members, i agree with christian suggestion: fully transparent. if not possible: b.
version b!
hallo kano members, concerning the two options for the kano case, i would prefer the b-version : ) greetings from germany/mosel ralf brittner
option c (bottom of a and top of b i.e. fully transparent). if not possible i take b.
case b, fully transparent would be great too!
case b for me also!
case b!
without any doubt: b
b please
i like b (the transparent case).
transparent case. definitely more cool. b.
a
another vote for a fully transparent case. it looks like the bottom of a and top of b would make backers happy. if that can't happen, then my vote is b.
of the two... b. as others have stated, totally transparent would be preferable. colors, stickers, and other cosmetic addons can happen later. seeing inside is a more important/impressive step.
case b please! transparent is cool...
case a please!
hi first time to comment - you know there's a magical 3rd and fourth option here. in the video pitch i think we saw a transparent one . it would be nice if the kids saw the whole thing since its for learning. then we can dress it up later on with stickers , skins, or some inserts. so the possible letter "c" option is totally transparent and letter "d" totally white. thanks for keeping us updated. please let us have a totally transparent one.
as frank and others have said  - *** a totally transparent *** case would be my preference but my vote now is "b".
right now i would vote for b,however i would prefer to see a completely transparent case.
case a
hope there will be a total transparent case beside these two
case a, seems simpler and lighter in appearance. thanks for opportunity to vote!
prefer case b, but a fully transparent case would be sweet!
case a please.
b please.
i'd love case a please !  more transparent.
b, transparent allows you to  see inside  love it!!
love b, i would prefer a all clear casing.
vote b. however like many would prefer a fully transparent alternative. thank you.
vote - b. but only because there isn't a fully transparent option.
my vote goes to b
b for me
the more clear plastic, the better - case a is my vote. also like that the blue wire is not outside.
b is the winner!
case a please.
case b
case b or why not a completely transparent case so you can see all of the hardware components.
case b. or a completely transparent case.
case b.
voting for a at this moment.. but it would have been better to see the bottom side.  so, a has top side white and the rest transparent, and b is the opposite.. someone who wants more transparent case should vote for a, but the top side of b is transparent so it can be misleading at first sight..
case a - or a total white :)
totally transparent... or b.
transparent cases are wonderful particularly for new users.  the issue is they show scratches.   but i agree with the others that have said total transparent would be my favorite, but failing that case b.
i like b more, see how it and what works.
i like b
total transparency or b if that is not possible.
voting for case a
b, if i must - but like many others i'd prefer 100% transparency.
b - total transparancy
case b
while case b is my choice i am wondering why the entire case cannot be transparent. that would be my preference, 100% transparency.
case b
i vote for case b
i sent a mail and they replied this: backer history > projects (kano) > survey > edit address just passing it along :)
hello, how do i give you my change of address? thanks.
torsten, thanks for the update. i guess kickstarter is not the place for communicating with the backers of the project lol...
oh and for all coming here - i've found this.... http://blog.kano.me/post/84409450917/kickstarter-update-22-kano-is-coming-of-production quote: "this summer… the days are longer now, but we remember last winter – bright orange boxes and code blocks and 13,387 people bringing a new kind of computer kit to life. you had our backs and now we’ve got yours. your kano is still on schedule – target ship, last week of july. we’ll let you know immediately if this changes." more informations on the blog post... :) would not be too complicated for team kano to post this quote ;)
@teamkano: i only see twitter posts with links to many other sites and no production updates. can you link a twitter post here that indicates any production update? thanks.
this maybe a trivial things for some but would you please not require backers to monitor another site for the status of a campaign we came to kickstarter to support? sorry if this is a nit picking thing but i have backed several campaigns and the reason given for limited updates is that i need to install twitter or facebook or some other tool to get updates. please do not make me register on a site i have chosen to avoid to get updates on a campaign i have funded in good faith.
friends, thanks for your messages and questions. we're racing to ship out all kits (early birds first) by the end of july -- to arrive first week of august. we'll update this weekend with a fuller post! thanks for your love, ideas, and patience -- fear not, your kano is on its way! alex ps - for constant updates on our production process check out http://twitter.com/teamkano
i understand there can be manufacturing and shipping delays, which is fine with me, but can we get any update to confirm kano at this point is alive? anything?
dear kano team, i hope everything of manufacturing process going well, it would be great if you could give us how situation is, we a little concerned about your project. sincerely,  daisaku uehara chickippie llc
so... none of the 38 xmas backers got their reward?
sorry, not dec! july!
haven't checked in for a while. can anyone tell if rewards have shipped yet? i was supposed to see my kit in dec i recall.
edna t, it's a raspberry pi.  pretty much any hdmi display will work fine.
hi. where are the tech specs shown? am trying to figure out which monitor to get...thanks
hi guys what do i do if we haven't receive dap shipment yet? phil teach design
hi, please advise how i can verify if there are any issues with my shipment. as i haven't received it yet thanks
hi, kindly update the status of the delivery please. i have confirmed my address long time ago. regards
i too received the email but do not understand if these are extra outside of the ones earmarked for kickstarter backers? i am a late bird and don't expect mine until mid summer but tripe email was indeed confusing.  can kano folk please clarify? thanks!
i have sent kano a message concerning this issue. have not received any response. i also have a change of address issue. i have never received any shipping advice . it would be nice to receive a reply from kano.
looks like all us backers have the same questions. 1000 sets left and i have not received mine. is there something we're missing here?
did anyone get a response on changing your shipping address? i need to change mine too!
hmm... 1000 left? i'm suppose to get kano a month before everyone else. i find the email weird since i have not received the kano yet.
i am also still waiting for my kit, i have also received the email about 1000 left to go and was very surprised that i have not as yet got my kit as a backer. please tell me what's going on here.
like some other backers, i'm also curious wether the 1000 units to ship email relates to new buyers or also kickstarter backers. as for the stretch goal of 1.5 millions, the pledge seems to have reached it. does that mean we should expect a mobile app of some kind? what's the status on that stretch goal?
i also got the email re: the 1000 units to ship.  i'm hoping that's after the kickstarter backers are taken care of.  an update would be good, thanks!
just got an email that you only have a 1000 units to ship - does that mean that i'm in this last 1000? can we get an update here, on the kickstarter project - people who gave you money would like to know the status!
when will the kit be shipped to the individuals who backed the project?
is it possible to change the shipping address for the kano?
any updates?
thank you for all the updates on cool stuff going on / things you can do but is there an update on ship date, production, etc.?
one week left to pick up a mopi mobile power for the pi board: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hamishcunningham/mopi-mobile-and-24-7-power-for-the-raspberry-pi  (kano in the park, anyone?!)
i haven't been on the forums, but what happened to the mobile app stretch goal at $1.5mil? has that been acknowledged or forgotten?
quick question, the kb is come with wired or wireless ? bt or rf ? since the video show the wireless one, i guess that should be wireless ?
today i got the pm answer that the kano kit will be shipped from china. that's a bad surprise for me, because i have to expect being additionally charged by customs. was this clear or don't care for anybody ?
still waiting for the refund from christmas. any update?
hi folks. if you plan to run your kano on batteries you might be interested in this kickstarter for mobile pi power: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hamishcunningham/mopi-mobile-and-24-7-power-for-the-raspberry-pi   cheers, hamish
i also sent email regarding t-shirt measurements, but receive no reply.
hi! i sent you a question via e-mail, however, never received a response. so here again :) i was wondering if the t-shirt sizes were only mens sizes, or if you differ between mens and womens sizes. because if it's only mens sizes, then i need size m, which i put into the survey response thing. however if it is a women's shirt, i'll need xl! i hope you see this :) i'd hate to have a shirt that doesn't fit :( thank you so much!
"status of refunds" * *  ***crickets***
i have just filled i nthe survey. i agree with martin devine about early sending of surveys. we are in process of buying a house. no idea if we will be getting house or not, not got keys, so couldn't use home address as no idea where i will be living in june. had to use my work address, but as our company has just been purchased by another one anything could happen, so hope i still work there or am employed, should be but you never know. in my case i should be okay, but not sure how this could affect others. anyway, survey filled in and im all excited about receiving it. it's a present for my girlfriend, but if she doesn't want it, i will enjoy it anyway :-)
"due to courier issues beyond our control, we are deeply sorry and take full responsibility if your holiday special kit has not arrived by monday afternoon. if this happens, we are offering a full refund, which we will give full details of on monday 23rd." status of refunds?
oooh - a survey! do you have any updates on production? how are things going?
why are you sending out surveys 6 months before shipment?  wouldn't it be better to do it closer to actual ship date?
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/172204344/the-arduino-compatible-educational-sensor-learning this cool project will also connect to the rasberry pi soon.
just for a bit of fun, with you guys being in london, would the kano name has anything to do with the old space 1999 tv series, where the moon gets pushed out of earth orbit, and where the computer system administrator's name is kano?
could i use this kickstarter project in combination with a kano? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/883677602/talk-to-your-home-wireless-raspberry-pi-gateway…#
i seriously can't wait to test this.  i had the original pi and it was.. okay.  but i'm looking forward to the changes.
@andy you can run it in http://sourceforge.net/projects/rpiqemuwindows/files/no%20image/ but there are some bugs so check out the kano.me forum here: http://talk.kano.me/topic/107/kano-for-windows for more info
@william no kano is compiled for use with arm. the only way to run is on a pi, a supported arm device, or the pi emulator for windows.
n00b question here.... i have 2 old macs runnin osx....  could either of them run kano till my pi comes in june?
still waiting for my christmas delivery as well.
@mark r: i believe everyone who paid the additional $ for the christmas special got the link. at least i did. now if they could have figured out a way to get their courier to deliver it that would have been nice. still waiting for mine.
for those who don't already have a pi - has anyone had any luck getting the kano os image to run in an emulator? none of the ones i've tried will actually boot it.
@mike katz to answer your question, they sent out a pre-release that was offered spontaneously after the beginning of december.  with a boosted donation people could receive booklets and an image of the alpha version of kano before christmas that people with a rasppi board could use sooner.   they also emailed a link for sw download to us, but i'm not sure if that was to all backers or just the early kit backers.
@dude no problem, glad the information helped.  i'm gonna boot it up with my kids soon!
hey kevin, calm down
@mike katz no. even if this kickstarter magically sent you a kit the day it was finished funding, you would not get it within 6 days. if you know anything about kickstarter, this is not a store, this is a way of funding a project. for all they care, they are not obligated to send you a kano kit at all. these rewards for paying your money to them is simply legally their own donation to you. also, clearly, under the reward section of $120, it says "estimated delivery: july 2014". is it july 2014, not close.  let me add on, please tell me you actually funded $120, because that's the amount you need to get the reward.
did i miss something? i haven't received the kit yet. were they sent out? thanks
@dave m win32diskimager worked great.  kano booted right up!  i was able to play with it to get an idea on how it works.   then do a re-image, so that it's all ready for christmas.  thanks a million!! for others, unzip the image (~2gb), use an sd card that's at least 2gb, use an usb to sd card writer, start up win32diskimager, select the drive the sd card is mounted to, select the image file (.img) that you unzipped, click "write", and after a few minutes you have the sd card that will boot kano on your raspberry pi.  :-)  i have a kit from amazon.  it started right up.  note that you need a keyboard, mouse, and display. :-) thanks again to the creator and *everyone* with their help!! happy holidays to all! :-) :-)
on osx i used the command line tools as specified on http://elinux.org/rpi_easy_sd_card_setup
and here's the link to download the imager that works on windows.  tested and i booted into kano just fine!  http://sourceforge.net/projects/win32diskimager/
-- update on holiday special -- emily from kano informed me about the switch from royal mail tracking to usps tracking. my package arrived as well late yesterday! for the record that's exactly their estimated arrival date. kano and santa claus must be working closely together on this one :). thank you!
i figured i'd try the tool recommended for burning raspberry pi images on windows -- win32 disk imager.  that utility successfully burned the image and works on the rpi!
i have osx but can't get the image to burn.  i ran the creator, selected the image, selected my sd card, then clicked burn.  it prompted me for a password, which i entered, and then it immediately said image burned, good luck space cadet.  nothing was burned.  i'll check the books next to see if i had an rtfm moment, but if anyone else has had this problem, i'd like to know i'm not alone.  :)
perhaps someone can scribble down the steps to create the sd card image using the steps from the raspberrypi.org site.  i don't think everyone has apple osx.
the tracking link did work for me using usps.com.  coincidently, my package was in the mailbox when i got home last night.
got my link just before. thank you.
friends, we had hoped to send you all your download links for kano os and the kano books by december 20th, and as the campaign ended, we've been working down to the wire and into holidays to make it happen. all digital content is ready - we've been delayed by our email provider, which failed to upgrade our plan, preventing us from sending out the links. we're so sorry for the delay, as we know that many of you were planning to image kano os as an xmas gift over the weekend. as we start sending out emails today, we're going to add a bonus: a free download of the kano creator, a simple, beautiful app which will allow you to easily create your kano os sd card in just a couple of clicks. after a surreal and amazing campaign, we're proud to push out this early release exclusively to our backers. from now until june, when we start shipping kits, kano is in alpha, and you are the people who will shape and define our software and content. thanks for traveling this road with us, and keep your inbox open for downloads later today. apologies again for the delay, team kano ps - if you ordered an xmas kit and have a question about delivery, please email emily@kano.me
did anyone else who funded this project and also upped the funding to receive the “holiday special” get their books and sd card? i got a notification on 12/12 that my holiday special shipped. i even got a royal mail tracking in the email. however the tracking # doesn’t work. the royal mail website says i may have entered it incorrectly.  on 12/20 i got an email (which i just read today) from a kano rep stating they were checking to see if i got my holiday special. but then the very next part states:  “due to courier issues beyond our control, we are deeply sorry and take full responsibility if your holiday special kit has not arrived by monday afternoon. if this happens, we are offering a full refund, which we will give full details of on monday 23rd.” given that i got an email with a tracking # that doesn’t seem to work, and then they are checking in to see if i got the holiday special, but then saying i may not have due to courier issues and they are offering a full refund if i don’t get it, leaves me a bit confused and wondering did they ever ship the holiday specials at all? it seems logical that if they actually did ship them, and they are delayed, that even if they offer a full refund, the package would still arrive. however, if they are offering a full refund because they actually never shipped them at all… that’s a different story and i’d wonder why they’d send out tracking #s on packages that never actually shipped. anyway… curious what others have experienced with the holiday special offer.
i thought the backers were getting access to the os file on the 20th. is this not the case?
please, what is the status of the books and software for early distribution ?
they could decide to send the surveys when ever they want.
@nathan thanks :)
i can't wait to get mine.  july can't come soon enough and i really hope they meet the estimated date.
you won't get a survey until they are ready to send kano, so not until end of april i think. what the status of the alpha/beta access for the backers?
when will be we getting the email survey's?
hi, is there any way to get a copy of the code that was sent out for christmas? i forgot to take a backup of it before getting one of my kids to begin the levels, and now another one of my kids wants to do it and start from scratch. thanks
i know this is already funded but if you decide to use backerkit will we be able to add on items because i really wanted that diy speaker to add to my rasppi?
@meizano you might want to look into hdmipi. the kickstarter is over but that just means the hardware is being produced. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/697708033/hdmipi-affordable-9-high-def-screen-for-the-raspbe
congratulations on reaching the 1.5 million level. we'll done.  looking forward to working with the kano kit. you will have a massive logistical operation shipping thes kits all over the world. and i know that your team will accomplish this task.
congratulations. by, my approximate calculations, including kickstarter fees, terms and conditions. kickstarter, which will release the funds, in about  two to three weeks time. to balance the figure, i have assumed a worst case drop out rate of 4%. kickstarter standing fee is 5+5 or,  10%, of total clear funding this payment, will be around one point three million dollars. payment should be lodged into the backers bank account in the middle of january, if allowances are made for the christmas new year holiday period. estimated number of raspberry pi computer modules shipped will be around 12k. or, three days worth of production, from sony pencoed plant. still, it is very impressive, and shipping of all 13k plus orders , world wide, will be a massive logistical undertaking. it is better to be done slow and right. fast and furious, will lead to errors and mistakes. cheers and seasons greetings to all. :)
congratulations! just an idea, can you add a small monitor (4"-10") so it will be a complete computer package? of course, anyone who want the monitor will need to up the pledge.
amazing and congrats on $1.5m goal!
well done guys! can't wait for summer 2014 and my 3 year getting to grips with kano and not picking up the ipad again!
congrats ! $1,522,160 and kano on mobile ! it's a greath thing for youth and mobile !
congratulations team kano on getting funded and raising $1.5m. i'm looking forward to watching your progress and getting my kano next year.
congratulations! awesome job and awesome resultado! keep going...
congrats, past the 1,5m, can't wait to get my hands on it....
wow, more than $77k yesterday and today, that's incredible :d (633 backer yesterday and 640 today !)
backed 30 mins ago. very happy
i think that the strange number of banker on the $99 + $20 pledge followed by the $119 all inclusive is due to this. they may close the 99+20 earlier just to put a more comprehensive one at 119
yeah. it was a bit silly of them to put a price and then ask for additional $ for delivery if everybody has to pay for the delivery anyway. just make it the price incl. delivery. no doubt they are going to have a few problems because of that.
so it is $20 no matter where you live?  (i am in the us) damn glad i caught that. i had only pledged $99 and thought i was good.
made it past the $1.5m mark :d
only a few more pledge and we get past the $1.5m!! ($1,499,333 at time of writing!)
@andy dudley: it is $99+$20(shipping)=$119 total.  yeah, it's confusing.
i hope that the 1.5m stretch goal will be achieved!
re: more than one kit, see the faq (you simply pledge for as many kits as you want and you let them know).
re: more than one, there's this comment on facebook from kano computing that says to double the pledge amount:https://www.facebook.com/kanocomputing/posts/249866178512148,  http://i.imgur.com/pfdlyc0.png. it would be nice to have official confirmation here though.
how does one get more than one kit?
can you use an hdmi-to-dvi adapter like this one, and still have quality display? www.amazon.ca/startech-com-hdmidvifm-dvi-d-video-adapter/dp/b000ge9xrq/
@alfred tang - no. i think they decided that they'd only entertain the idea of bluetooth if they get $2 million. i would have liked bluetooth too.
is the wireless keyboard bluetooth enabled? thanks
hi all, quick question - sorry if this has been asked before. i'm currently backed at the "$99 earliest bird" level, and am a uk backer. looking at the $99 early bird level it says add $20 for shipping and then $15 for shipping outside the us. so does that mean $20 for us shipping and $15 shipping for the rest of the world? i know ks is annoying in that you can only specify one shipping rate... how much do i need to pledge in total for the earliest bird with uk shipping please? many thanks.
i would like to ask the kano guys. if you don't manage to reach $1.5 million dollars would you still consider make android and ios support for app building?
hi, please forgive that i backed early at the $99 earliest bird level and haven't been following the comments.  its probably been addressed multiple times, but i just want to make sure of it...i know that the earliest bird kit doesn't include the monitor, but i want to make sure that it does include the cute orange keyboard.
two questions... first, i assume that for the $119 level we still get access to the source code and book downloads?  secondly, for the educational workshop level of $999, i assume this is for local schools only?  :)  i doubt you have silicon valley affiliates that could offer the workshop here, but thought i'd ask anyway.
@sirius thanks, but that is not my question, sorry if i have trouble expressing mysel correctly. basically, since the rapsberry pi is a very small pc, can we emulate a kano on a computer ? i mean, do i really need to buy the hardware part of this kickstarter (kano) to be able to enjoy the software part ? can't i simply run it on my pc, without buying a kano ?
@manoko you just need a hdmi compatible monitor.
hey everyone. i am new here and know nothing to coding whatsoever. will i be able to run the software part of the kano on my computer ? i mean, do i need to buy one to start learning to code with the tools they offer, or can i simply run them on my current computer ? thanks.
it's not david chase versus the great kano team...  people here backed up kano because we all think it is a great concept. but david concerns are legitimate and were actually expressed by several people in that thread (including me). concerning "you don't buy a product, you support a projects goal" that's very unfair to use that statement in this case. none of the initial goal talked either about flying to africa with the prototypes or building a pong game online, although in both cases i could understand why kano did or proposed it. "focus and deliver" should always be a must for all projects, particularly the ones who get a lot of support. it's not because we are backers that we shouldn't not be critical. that being said, again well done kano, almost 1,3m$... i'll be waiting for the postman in june :)
david if you don't agree with the project then don't put your funds towards it.. it's easy!
@martin and others who are continue to assume my intentions (mis-read what i said) and carry on this subject you are all way off the mark and are failing to understand my point. why i am unable to make my view clear, i do not know but again, why are several of you continuing to beat this subject with is not very related to this project on this public page.  the more we discuss (drag out) unrelated talk, the more likely we will cause others to not want to take part of great ks project. you all know that there is kano website and forum, yes? i am there, so if you want to hold a discussion on this off topic, i may consider continuing there but not here. but let it go, if you can, if you can't let it go, then please stop dragging in on in this area i will no longer be trolled here, over my opinion and concerns that i had all further points made over me and my points will be considered as failing to be considerate of me and kano's project
@david chase, i fully agree with you on pointing out what can go wrong, and i fully understand your urge to try and keep a project you think is cool, on track. but please remember: kickstarter projects aren't shops - and thus you shouldn't expect kickstarter projects to deliver ordinary shopping experiences or transactions. you don't buy a product, you support a projects goal, and in return you can expect a perk. if you send money you can't do without to kickstarter, to get a well defined product that you desperately need, then i tend to agree with the others; then your expectations to kickstarter projects are too high.
and on that last note: i would love to see kano be found in places like radio shack toy's r us ?? @kano have you all considered going to toy fair in new york (early part of next year)? ces (mid jan 2014) or have you considered licensing kano out? send me a pm if you are a bit interested in the above type things. i used to do licensing/entertainment along with being involved the game hobby industry with toys i am not looking for a job, just offering to help a group/product that i like.
@alex eames, you obviously missed my point if you go back and read, i listed my concerns. not my 'you are going to fail if you do not listen to me' complaints. in no way do i want to see them fail. that is why i listed my concerns because i want to see them succeed even more so than they have so far. none of us truly know each other and so we do not always understand where or why others might say or do exactly what they do. this is not the place for us to try and figure each other out either (imo). i have done my 'research' and based on that and my past experiences and work that i have done, i felt should express some of my concerns because i do care about this project and kano (those who make it up). i know nothing of them other than what has been presented here, but i care enough to say, hey, like your ideas but ?? just like you would do for any of your friends. hold a discussion, get answers, learn more about each other and strive to continue to grow and do better. can we let it go? my posts were not attacks nor being negative (no matter how some of you may take it.) lets get back to talking, offering suggestions, and promoting this cool ks project
@david chase. i don't think you've done your homework on kano.
i guess david is talking about something like this http://kotaku.com/5968343/their-kickstarter-made-170000-but-now-theyre-out-of-money  ...... however the kano project is using a rasberry pi and ready made items such as a keyboard. i don't think he'll have any problems fulfilling.
@david if only more discussions could be this civil. looking at your backed pledges, and we do have a ton of shared interests. aw, and i missed out on a rogue trooper miniature project? i'm the poster child of ks regret right now. back on topic now, as excited i am for the kano, i agree with most of the complaints so far.
"i find your lack of a google+ page disturbing." :-) seriously... no g+ page? please consider making one for kano!
apology accepted, and mine to you and others, i am sorry if i came off rude or brash. i did not mean to cause any hard feelings, it was simply a discussion where we did not agree with the view of the other.
i am not here to argue and i was in no way offering legal advice. i apologize for saying you don't know what you're talking about, that was rude. i will, however, respectfully disagree with your opinion on the matter and leave it.
@zach savoy, please in the future before you attempt to offer legal advice beware that if you are not an attorney at law, you can be held accountable for acting like one. ianal, but what i stated is true. it is obvious from your comments that you did not fully read the terms of use or other policy documents provided by ks there are local, state (in the u.s. ) and national laws that apply in backing (entering a contract) a project. and some of these can apply no matter what terms of use that you agree to in contracts. rare but it some times happens i in no way wish or desire to see any such issues take place, but i have seen it just the last 2 years of following ks (which is an awesome company/business model that is truly helping people create their dreams and products) for an individual who has backed so many projects and i note has some similar interests that i do, you sure failed in last post in following the spirit of ks please go and read the terms of use and you can clearly see where you are mistaken now if you meant to say that you as the backer have no recourse against kickstarter over a project, then you would be correct. then again, there is always local, state and country laws that may disagree with such terms of use and would only be settled by spending lots of money and going to court. by using (being a backer) you agree to the above mentioned not holding ks with any liabilities. i apologize for making such a dispute public, but i had to make known the correct points behind my statements http://www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use zach, if you wish to continue this please use the message system as i see no need to spoil further kano's project. my initial post was just to express my concern and personal opinion.
friends, will respond in greater detail tomorrow, and thanks to the hundreds who have joined to write stories and translations with us -- you guys are heroes. bottom line: we are absolutely, unwaveringly committed to delivering your kits on time. in june 2014, we'll ship kano in all its glory, and over the next six months, we're going to adopt and absorb as many of your tweaks, tips, and feature requests as we can. kano is a computer and coding kit for everyone, but before "everyone," it's for you, our kickstarter backers. we've been shocked and thrilled to beat our funding goal by so many multiples. we remain committed to the original and fundamental goal of this project, the kano kit, and can't wait to get it through your mailbox on or before schedule.
@david the ks terms and conditions are such that people do not have a recourse if the project doesn't get fulfilled. you're investing in air at the moment, which is why it's on us to do the research and make sure what we are backing is legitimate. the most someone will get is a refund (minus the kickstarter fees) so not even a whole refund. it seems like you don't know how kickstarter works. even the delivery date is an estimate and kickstarters can and will be late. so far i've received all of none, on time.
forgive me if this has been asked elsewhere, but would a hdmi to dvi adapter work with this kit? i'd be getting them for a school which has dvi connections w/ their monitors. thanks.
i do not know your business status, work plans, ethics nor much about you, so please do not take any of the following as an insult or being rude. i am starting to develop a feeling that kano is becoming excited like a powerball winner and is spending their money with no care about what is actually needed. you have done extremely well so far on raising funds and in your communications with the backers. you have been very open also when asked questions. but as of late, it is starting to sound like you are ready to throw away money into those things that you have dreamed about your entire life. not saying that your dreams or things you want to do to help people are not worthy and good. here is my concern (and i have seen this happen more than once here on ks); kano has the great plans, are flying around all over the world to make kano computers readily available (accessible) for any and all, specifically 3rd world countries. you are spending money that you do not have yet, to promote a product you have not completed yet, and diving into a realm of organization work (helping developing countries/people) that you know nothing about. again, i am not trying to tell you that your dreams or goals are bad, but you do seem to be rushing into a lot areas that you are fully up to speed on based on promises (backers) that have not paid you yet. worse case scenario here; what if you fail to make the product as promised? you will be required and can (will be) have legal action taken against you to refund your backers. what if you make these contracts (international things you are talking about) and you fail? what if in your hurry to do the above, you fail to label, market, get license (business, selling, distribution, import/export) as required in all these countries that you are working so hard to get product to? your product could be taken/held in storage until you do, or it could be taken away for good and so sorry, you are out money. over 10,000 backers is awesome, but that is 10,000 + individuals who are going to expect product as promised. this could lead to some time management issues (like personnel to hand everything). look, great job on this ks project, but my strong suggestion for you all is slow down. take a few deep breaths. focus on what you have planned/outlined at the start of this project, and what you have promised in the course of the run. nothing wrong with what you have recently listed as goals. i, for one, will be more than willing to consider helping out in another ks (or other crowd fund raiser) on some of these future goals that kano wants to do. but honestly, it still feels like i am seeing a kid who went to their parents with a solid plan and asked for $1,000 for seed money. the parents were so impressed with the plan and layout that they gave the kid $10,000. the kid then started dreaming more and bigger and spending money before they even got the original idea built/finished and then failed completely. just my opinion dave chase
i still think the same, when you reach 1000% of initial funding without any pledge goal, it's insulting you want us to meet 1,5m to add multilanguage support for the keyword... i know this is a business, but seems i was too hyped in kano feeling and supposed aims, i'm really considering in dropping my pledge, as each coming day i see it more as a capitalist venture wrapped in teaching, and less as a kid inspired/devoted project.
is there a way to get my son's name in the source code instead of mine?
i vote for keyboard cover, this way you can easily go back to the original keyboard layout if needed, and also it provides protection from spills and dirt!
am i missing something or will kickstarter really not let you delete a comment? that last comment was meant to be a message.
thanks for making a great product, if i want to order more than one, do i just pledge double?
@kano - with getting on for 10k kits now pledged for, what impact do you predict on fulfilment? i presume it would be impractical to ship all the kits in the same month?
@kevin, since the hdmipi project @johnnydement mentioned is already closed, you may be interested in supporting this other touchscreen campaign: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/pitouch-hdmi-multitouch-monitor-for-raspberry-pi-beaglebone-black-mac-pc/x/4206576
another two to consider for the budding (young or old) electronics person http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/electroninks/circuit-scribe-draw-circuits-instantly http://www.crowdsupply.com/chibitronics/circuit-stickers oh, fun days ahead. :)
kevin, take a llok at hdmipi project: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/697708033/hdmipi-affordable-9-high-def-screen-for-the-raspbe
what are the kid-friendly screen options people are looking into for gifting along with the kano? i pledged for 3 kano sets (one for each of my two nephews and 1 for me/replacement parts). my question is, for others backing this awesome project for young makers, what are your plans for a comparably priced/sized hdmi capable screen? i was really hoping that, having surpassed 10x the funding goal, some kind of simple (cheap) integrated screen would be included as a higher tier option but perhaps the logistics of it are a bit too difficult at this stage. i might try to strip down some old lcd screens appropriately sized for the flap of the packaging but wanted to know what others are looking into. i'd really like to be able to give these as complete personal-computer kits to my nephews (8 & 10) but full desktop monitors just don't fit with the theme and are perhaps not the cheapest to replace after inevitable accidents. thoughts? fantastic idea by the way kano group! you're going to kick-start thousands of young tech's passion and education.
i have backed this awesome project!!  i have no coding experience but i am looking for to making apps and games.  keep up the amazing work.
after laughing first, i would support the idea of rasmus for painting the letters with a permanent marker on a empty keyboard. this way you would not have to build thousands of different keyboard layouts. m2c
back this wonderful project. however, i am a total noob with raspberry pi (or coding in general). any useful links to get me started?
@ richard no for 119 you get the computer. for less you get stuff, but you already should own a rasberry pi.
@ nicholas you can do the same things, but this one has a keyboard and comes pre-installed and has a case around it.
forgive me, but i am very tech illiterate. after you have completed the six steps to learn, can you do all the things with the "keno" that you can do with any other raspberry pi?
i found this project while i was studying for a december final...i have always had a desire to code, and now this provides me with that ability. so glad i decided to procrastinate, and so excited to explore what this wonderful device has to offer. thanks kano team!
i am proud to be a backer of this project!!
i'm confused please help with the details there.
so by pledging nine dollars you get the computer and coding kits? plus all that extra stuff?
hi! i´m a software engineer from brazil and i believe the first contact as a child would be the most important for her entire life. my first contact was in the 80´s, with a apple ii like computer assembled here by a local company, as i learned my first lines of basic my life changed, for good. i was trying to emulate something like that for my niece and nephews, but i was not able to do it, with your idea, i think, it will be possible for them to have the same experience i had, so i congratulate and thank you all. i would like to volunteer as a translator for brazilian portuguese for anything if you ever find the need for that, just send me an e-mail (i´m one of the backers now so i think you can find me at your database easily enough), i think i can help a little bit.
+1 for an international keyboard - current version is extremely small for russian alphabet of 33 letters. i also support the idea that key features of kano should be improved/developed first rather than new developments made (like android game app and other staff).
i like the kit and will buy one for my daughters, who are italian and do not speak english. next summer i will be playing with them translating everything but: is there any hope to see the instructions translated in italian? is there any way i can help with that?
love the project guys!  especially the judo theme! ;)  keep up the good work.
great project guys, i love the fact that you're using this tech to spread digital literacy around the world, giving kids more chances! keep up the good work and enjoy!
this is very cool guys! congratulations!
maybe a strechted goal for 10.000 backers?
after using german keyboard layout for a few years, i would still say that us keyboard layout is much more comfortable when it comes to programming. i mean, just look at where the brackets are. in some keyboard layout, the position of the brackets {,},[,] are quite awkward. maybe we can do what apple did, holding the key allow one to choose accented/modified version i.e, holding "a" allow one to choose between ä, å, æ, á, â, etc. a programmable keyboard would be a great idea too.
just read a few comments and i agree with the international keyboards. regarding sgs, sure the robotic kit is more appropriate for children.
i have ordered the kano starter kit for my nephew, but i also want to order the $29 books/tshirt kit - your site does not allow for this (without me changing my pledge and removing the starter kit order).  can you help?
i would have to agree that stretch goals needs to be more aligned with project objectives. at 1 million dollars  lot of creativity can be thought through. ping or mobile app is not really appealing nor they seem much tangible. robotic kit is more aligned. perhaps see if any of the other projects on kickstarter can come onboard. i love the momentum but creators must think further.
i would agree with having an international keyboard. if i have to order one separately that is fine with me. i notice that cnet was not listed among the companies that have reviewed this great project. you should reach out to them for them to review and  discuss you project in africa. this would be great publicity and may pushy your goal to a hirer level. great job!
i'd like to cast a vote for international keyboards. not just stickers. if anything, i would rather have a keyboard without any text, and paint them on with a permanent marker pen. then you would *really* get the feeling of having built it yourself. by choosing a very limited us keyboard layout, you are excluding a lot of people. france and benelux had colonies too, so 25+ african countries would need an azerty keyboard. being danish, i need æ, ø & å, which is not possible with decals, as there aren't enough buttons on the prototype keyboard. same goes for the rest of scandinavia, the russians, much of eastern europe and asia. if you look at apple's aluminium laptops, there is a us keyboard-version, and one for everyone else. photo: goo.gl/cn2abj not everything can be fixed with a sticker.
superb idea well done
oh yeah...can you announce the forum in an update. this way you will reach all the backers.
an awesome display add-on
kids first. forget mobile for now, they don't own a cell phone yet (well some do, but their parents pay for it). think global, localize! it's a huge showstopper when you can't write programs in your own language.
counting u are already 1000% founded, and your teorically aim is kid education, keyboard layouts should be already in the kit, either from day 1, or as already achieved pledge goals... i find insultant you add pretty basics now, while your pledge goals are not along the ideals of the project, and waaaay over the edge in amount needed...
hi, having pledged for two sets it is important for me to have the querty uk keyboard. not sure if the differ from us keyboards. thanks
hi - my daughter wants to connect her pi to her brothers augmentative communication programme, grid2, it uses symbols instead of written commands how do we start doing that, and his friends used the same communication programme with eye gaze technology and want to programme too.
i would like to see the international keyboard layouts (especially the spanish one) as stretch goals, in hardware and/or software, whatever would be acchievable without complicating the production schedule.
i would like to see you keep it simple and run another kickstarter for the keyboard and display/robotics later.    perfection is the enemy of good enough.
new stretch goals coming if/when we hit the million... which of these do you guys like the most? software *add new achievements – badges and belts! – to kano os *international keyboard layouts (with cool colorful decals!) *implement wayland/westin for 60% improvement in performance hardware *bluetooth in the keyboard (might increase price) *international keyboard decals *an awesome display add-on
same thinking here. improve the educational value of the product and avoid fragmenting/distraction. any stretch goal should improve the os or add educational programs. my 2 cents.
eh, since many others are chiming in, i figure i might as well, too.  i'm with elfan and others who have expressed concern about the stretch goals.  i love the robotics goal (albeit, it seems a bit like a pipe dream at 2 million dollars). i'm definitely for bluetooth as a stretch goal option and completely agree with elfan about offering smaller kits or something along those lines as earlier stretch goals.  having something tangible (which does not exist solely as an app on a phone) is exactly the kind of thing my son needs to really understand certain abstract concepts.
hi team kano, just wanted to chip in an say - i'm really am worried out stretch goals at all. you have an excellent product with great potential. thanks for bring us kano and i hope the success of this kickstarter mean you all have the freedom you need to make kano the best product you can.
i thought it was only me who thinks that the stretch goals are not interesting, but after reading some comments here, i know that there are also many other people that have the same feeling. if the goal is to teach programming to children, the robotic kit is the right track. i know that because i have a little daughter and i saw her passion when she was trying her first lego mindstorm program to move a wheeled lego car. while previously, she was not so interested to a similar mobile app that trying to teach programming visually through a game. programming is an abstract world. it needs something real that can be seen and touch physically to see the immediate effect of the program we made. kano on mobile is great, but i think children already have spend too much time on games-like "app" on mobile devices. it's time to get out from the virtual world! so, why don't you break the stretch goals into something smaller kits like, simple light kit, and then sound/musical tone kit, motor kit, sensor kit, etc.
i disagree with some of the other posts. i am behind the expansion into new languages and formats. i think you are doing a great service in helping further the original goals of the raspberry pi inventors, make programming accessible to as many school age children as possible (in all parts of the world). thanks kano team! keep up the good work!
backers! you've pledged to make kano possible, and you've told us in tons of ways that you want to help even better – let's do it: http://world.kano.me/ if you want to teach, translate, distribute, try, test, or talk about the kano computer, kano world's the best place. it's rough around the edges, basically just a forum now, but we have big plans...
good news!!!! i've figured out a way that many of us (including me) can order another kano (nothing illegal & i'm surprised that nobody's thought of it before me)..i've read all the requests pleading to be able to get 1 or 2 more; but haven't see any answer....what i did worked...so i'm getting two!!! one for my grand-dtr & the other for my grand nephew...if you're interested in what i did, please contact me indigenousnac@hotmail.com  ...no charge for my idea...this project is just toooo good to only be limited  to 1 or have to invest $999.00 (which most of us can't afford) for 10...they should have a pledge to get more than one as suggested below...in mean time...send me a message & i'll get back to you asap   (i hope they allow this post)
in the listing text, it mentions the $199 get one for yourself and another for a kid, but there is no backer option at that level. is this still available? i would love to get my grandkid into visual programming.
a robot voor 2 million is cool, but why not something simple (like a light or something that goes on) for 1.1 million? will there or is there already a forum for kano-users?
@noam, telmo – if we can break the million, which is looking good, we'll launch with the book in 10 languages. current top candidates from backers: spanish, mandarin, hindi, arabic, thai @matthias, thorsten, fabien: we hear you. more stretch goals to come, and we're working on bluetooth for the keyboard, as well as hardware expansions – if we can hit the million. and if we can hit the $2 million (with your help and shares) the robotics kit will be out by thanksgiving, flashing lights, spinning arms, sensing the world, and more. @ariel – yes! if we can make the goals, kano on ios, android, and in your browser will be awesome! helps expand code-making to more people, even if they can't afford the $99 kit. @felician – yes! your kit will ship with its region specific plug.
indeed, these stretch goals make no sense whatsover... and even less on these numbers... robot kit is the only one interesting and alongside what you've devised to make us get interested,,, i would suggest instead of these, more project devised ones... some more simple electronic kits, more projects,... whatever, but not online pong, or android/phone support! what do i need kano kit then for?
i wonder what the stretch goals are for? they don't make sense if i look at what was the goal up to now: getting the kit ready for kids. a robot kit would be okay, but everything in between makes no sense. here i strongly agree with what fabien rica and thorsten brandt said. take the money and make something awesome without the strange stuff you just introduced. as a business you will hit hurdles often enough, so the money should be spent wisely without strange extra goals. right now you are starting to look ridiculous.
is it possible to get a european power plug instead of the american one?
yeah, finally i am a backer too! wish you all the best for more pledges. the bundle so far is really cool, and imho bluetooth connectivity for the keyboard and kano on my android would be pure awesomeness.
@kano: i am also not really pleased with your stretch goals... if i want to play pong or other games on the internet or on my mobile, i don't really need a kano. i thought the point was to put it together yourself and build from there on... the "robot kit" on the other side would be fantastic. it would teach kids what computers can do outside of the screen. but 2 million? are we still realistic here?
hello kano, i'm not really convinced by the stretch goals and their order. it would be wiser to a small feature for the 1m goal like the bluetooth support or an extended sd card (thinking out loud).  the translations could also have been granted long ago, i mean, you exceeded already any kind of support you can imagine, you can have given something back in return, at 500k for instance. also playing pong online, who is it for exactly? your nerd vibe? or kids? having mobile support, who is it for exactly? your engineers fun? or kids? the robot arm is pretty cool idea, though, because i'm sure kids would love that.  the other 2 goals, bah, not too sure... not ranting, just trying to keep you guys feet on ground :)
@kano  will the level 2-6 book also be available after the campaign?
loved to see the portuguese flag/language as a stretch goal. ;)
@kano : you need to add pledge amounts between $119 and $999 you'll get a lot more money! i'm on $99 but could stretch to more, but you have no tiers in-between, think about it...
@noam mansur we've had lots of volunteers for translation, and we'll be letting you vote on the top ones you'd like to see too!
@ralph tiede drop us an email at rewards@kano.me and we'll help you out.
@oliver börner  head over to http://holidays.kano.me quickly and you can get the books and sd card in time for christmas. hurry though - it closes tomorrow!
@erez hessayon the price of the swag kit includes shipping, and will be delivered during january.
@phantommoon absolutely! a kano kit gives you the space to create and play, and if you make a mistake - no worries. you can easily change or reset the sd card. you'll also be able to buy other extension packs in the future that let you do amazing things with electronics and physical computing.
@chances sanders shipping is inclusive in our prices now. $119 gets you a kano kit + worldwide shipping.
@phantommoon the pi is not a computer like the others. it's not "easy" and "mindless" as most devices on the market nowadays. it's going back to the basics, where the user has to think in order to get the computer to do stuff not just click on the ok button. it's a learning experience like kids had in the 80's and who are now software engineers (me included) what we learned as kids is still useful nowadays because we understand computers, not just use them. it's like buying an old car to teach your teens mechanics instead of the computerized systems we see in cars now. the old car allows for tinkering, not the new car.
awesome idea, love it. if you are looking for a canadian distributor or even some help, please let me know. so looking forward to playing with this with my daughter. i know it's something we will both truly enjoy.
hey guys,  what languages are the books going to be translated?
how can i update my pledge so that i get two kanos or a kano and an additional keyboard? do i simply need to double the pledged amount? but how do you know what we chose if it is not just doubling but adding something like a keyboard?
i agree with matt burrows, if you guys could get bluetooth on it, that'd be epic $855k, getting close to the $1m mark!
as for stretch goals...i would love to see bluetooth connectivity for the keyboard!
hi, is there any chance to get "anything" for christmas as a 119$ backer? i can wait till summer but having something for my son would be great... (of course by pledging some more money...)
guys, you are amazing! this is what children need, not the ipad and its isolated world under glass. it makes me happy to see you build that thing and inspire young people and grown ups all over the world. one thing i wish for the future: may the production of the raspberry and all components be sustainable and fair, and may no people in other parts of the world be harmed by the increasing need of computers and their parts. good luck!
@phantommoon i think kano is not just for browsing and school work. it is also to learn programming and to use the computer. you have a fully linux distribution and you can get into the shell with it. also you are be able to learn programming python and javascript in an easy enviroment as you can see here http://youtu.be/auqrgexznfq. of course you can also browsing the web with it :)
i haven't pledged enough to purchase this project yet because i have a couple of questions i hope someone can help me with. the children and teens in the family all have access to computers or laptops at home to use, but they basically only go on to use facebook, and general browsing of the web. and of course to do school work as well. since they already have access to computers or laptops, would it still be worth it to purchase kano for them?
what do i do if i want to add a t-shirt to my current pledge without paying double shippment?
do we have to add money for shipping or is it free?
does the $119 include everything or do i have to add $10 for swag
maybe 2 million. i mean, it's gone 10 days and you're at 800k.
you guys will reach 1mill.. i'm sure.
@kjt send an email to mathew@kano.me and i'll add you to the list of translators =)
@josh wallace the keyboard is radio frequency (rf) but we're looking at whether we can add bluetooth too! we'll let you know the outcome soon.
@laurence mitchell as long as you've pledged $119, a kit will find its way to you!
@matt burrows you'll get the books and the sd card in the kano kit too yes.
is there a kind of digital christmas special for $119 pledge supporters? i would like to try kano on my current raspberry pi before it ships in july.
@josh: i believe earlier in the comments they state that the keyboard is rf.
790k! i believe you will reach 1 million, if not more. thank you for being awesome. <3 @kjt: facebook: https://www.facebook.com/kanocomputing
@laurence mitchell: afaik the kano costs $119 to ship anywhere in the world. the $99 ebs does *not* include shipping, which is an extra $20 (for total of $119) but you get your kano first. having now been involved in several ks projects i can say shipping is always problematic, although the flat rate used here is one of the simpler models. the confusion, imho, comes from not including it in the original ebs pledge level but it's easy to be wise after the event.
hi alex! may i know the link of the facebook group? i'm interested in joining the translation project.
stretch goals?
this may have already been answered, but in the description, it says something about the keyboard  being wireless. does this mean i could use it with a bluetooth supported device like my ipad?
please ad scretch goals, awsome project
i was able to get in on the $99 early bird special, which specified at the end that i should add $20 for shipping - does this cover international shipping or do i need to change my pledge to the $119 worldwide pledge?
i was able to get in on the $99 early bird special, which specified at the end that i should add $20 for shipping - does this cover international shipping or do i need to change my pledge to the $119 worldwide pledge?
i'm just curious about the christmas pack.  will everything in the christmas pack be included with the kanos when they ship in july?  i don't currently have raspberry pi, but the books and software are things i would love to have with the kano when it ships.
ok, i've updated my pledge for xmas special, what next? ^^
i managed to get the $99 earliest bird special (642 backers), but confused by the description. should i add $15 or $20 for delivery? i live outside us. and what's the different between the $99 (earliest bird special july 2014) and $119 (includes worldwide delivery july 2014) if i have to add $20 for delivery of the $99?
@dave kin: pls contact us at rewards@kano.me
@caskey dickson in the update they said there was 1,000 of them, the limit of 38 may just be a temporary restriction
i want the christmas kit.  i'm so bummed that there were only 38 offered.  i would be happy to buy just downloadable .pdf's for christmas.  pi will be under our tree and i would love an easy to complete project for the kids.  any chance in offering a .pdf only version of the instructions before christmas?
hi, i'd like to purchase one of the christmas kits as a present, but i can't seem to select both the $119 kano kit as well as the christmas kit, even if i up my pledge amount.  does this mean i can't have both?
@manuel z it can indeed! our kits were built and broken down hundred of times during testing.
@robert hoang we'll be providing a website to get digital copies of the books and software, so you'll never need to worry if you lose yours.
@mark thistle drop us an email at rewards@kano.me
@pj gray the books do indeed come with the $119 kano kit.
@anson chiu it currently connects using radio frequency (rf).
@atte aspiola you certainly will! we'll try and release them as soon as possible.
@andrew that's the best way to do it.
so i want the christmas special as well ... so i added $33 to my $119 pledge, is that the way to do it?  because you can't select 2 pledges...
so how do we get the option of the 199 ? kano kit x2?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@andreas based on the information on the product page, the keyboard came with the $119 pledge.
ok if i got it right, 119 + 15 (keyboard) + 10 (swag) = 144 gets you the full package with all extras? so, if you want 2 kanos, do you also double the shipping costs?  or is it: 2x 99 for the kanos + 1x 20 for shipping + 2x 15 for the keyboards + 1x 10 for the swag (which would only be needed once) = 258? or is it simply not possible to get 2 kanos as kickstarter reward and you'll have to get the second after the kickstarter ended? how do you pick apart the "order" in the end with all this extra options? ;)
i never had a pi or anything like that, would like to have one for my classroom though for my faster students (6th graders) to have something to work with. do i understand that correctly that it can be taken apart and put together again infinite times?
if we get the kano and lose the book and the software card, is there a download anywhere that we can use to retrieve them both?
how does one pledge for the kit and the keyboard?  i can only select one it appears.
if anyone needs a screen for their kano give http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/697708033/hdmipi-affordable-9-high-def-screen-for-the-raspbe a look.
do the kano books and code come with the $119 level or do we need to add an additional $19? forgive me if this has already been answered. thank you.
funding has reached to more than 6 times of original goal. kano team should think of stretch goals and share with the community asap. this idea make sense but i would like to hear concrete plans on stretch goals.
you mentioned earlier in update #7 if you reach 500k you will do something special with the keyboard, what is it? :d
how does the wireless keyboard connect? bluetooth, or with a usb-dongle? am i able to use the keyboard with my mac as well?
will kano kit pledgers get the downloadable version of kano as soon as it is released? i already have a raspi and i would love to get my hands on kano as soon as possible. i might just buy a kano kit to my son for his birthday.
a  wonderful idea!!!! as a christmas present i will ask for it!
as for stretch goals, some ideas: - a real world kit - an interface that allows you to easily turn on/off something - a donation - creating x kits for charity
great question matt. the kano kit is just the beginning. we're experimenting with new expansion kits, with cameras, motors,  sensors,  lights and more. they'll powerup your core kit and add more projects. as for software levels, we'll always keep them as free and open as possible. thanks for supporting -- if we're able to reach $1 million, we can fulfill kano faster and release the new kits sooner! yours, alex
how much will you be selling kano for after the ks campaign is over? i'm trying to work out my finances for this month & don't know if i can afford the $119 at this moment.
quick question about where you see the future of kano going. down the road do you for see offering additional kits for purchase that will help to teach new & different programming concepts? if so, will any these be able to be downloaded free?
i'm part of the early bird backers. my pledge is at $119. is that correct?
salman had the right idea about adding some features to the keyboard. i'd love to see a usb hub integrated. using my pi with only two ports is almost impossible.
if you need someone to translate the documentation into brazilian portuguese, i'd like to help. i guess kids will enjoy and learn much more in their native tongue.
get the peachy printer and makeblock teams to punch up some basic scripts or what have ya, trifecta.....
i think its wrong of kickstarter to delete the buy one give one option. it was a great idea. it also means i have lost my place in the queue by about 4 thousand backers!
hey, please allow to chose the keyboard layout... spanish ;)
hi, congrats on breaking 500k! i looked through the comments and didn't find the answer to my question but i saw a few others had the same one. if i doubled my pledge will i be able to get 2 kits. would love to get a 2nd one. thanks.
hi everyone! sorry for the radio silence today - we spent the day at a large skills exhibition in london showing off the prototype kit. so let's get straight back in the game and answer a few common questions: translations : we're trying to form a worldwide group of open source translators! interested? join the conversation on our facebook page. stretch suggestions : your ideas have been amazing! we're writing them all down and discussing  which ones should make it into our stretch goals. pricing : don't panic! we haven't sold out of our kits. we simply created a new reward that included the shipping to make things more transparent. pledge $119 and a kit will be on its way to in the near future.
@brita outzen no problem! just increase your pledge by $29 and get our swag kit as well!
@abdul aziz send me an email: rewards@kano.me
@hendrica the kano keyboard combo gives you our amazing new keyboard and digital copies of our software and books, whereas the full kit provides you with physical copies (book and sd card)
@thomas schwarz and @oliver börner we already have a few volunteers for translating into german. if you'd like to help, why not join the conversation on our facebook page?
@valentin devedjiev send us an email and we'll help you with this : rewards@kano.me
congrats on reaching 500k level. with 26 days to go i think it may be possible to reach 750k. with this project i fee it will be a fantastic success. i am glad that i am a backer to this project. let's keep up the support.
thank you johnny! i didnt see it! :)
jls, it's stated in the "what's in the box" part, it's b
just new backer! :) what tipe of raspberry pi do you use? a or b? thank you very much! greetings from spain!
@johan knutsson: tanks for the tip! i pledged for a hdmipi  immediately! it will maken a nice combo with the kano!
$500k  ding!!!
i'd like to know if you have a web store to sell some t-shirts? please make tons of this kits! god bless you!
you think it would be possible to roll keyboard in different languages? or some kind of decal... for instance chinese keyboard, spanish, french keyboards... lots of letters not in default usa one ç, ñ... this is mainly for kids, don't ask them to find how to use these symbols
if you are the same kano that made the kano xircon script,apart from my 1$, you also got my respect :-)
hey kano team, you could add some enhancements to the keyboard, like gving it a microphone and a speaker if possible, something like what sony does with the controller
hi there, just pledged $119, but i would also like to order a t-shirt (or 2) as well… my 10-year-old daughter can't wait! thanks.
hey kano team.  i think you need to start staggering delivery of future backers (i.e. aug, sept, oct) to make logistics a little easier for you next year.  just saying...
@hendrica, was looking for a good (cheap, small) screen for the pi and came across the hdmipi project here on kickstarter (not affiliated with them). then when i found this project it felt like they were almost made for each other :)
how can we double the pledge to get 2 kits?
if you need someone to translate the documentation into dutch, contact me. i am a retired technical writer.
i would like to know what i am missing when i order just the keyboard kit, apart from the raspberry pi. i own already two raspberry pi's!  another question, do you have a good recommendation that you could share about a screen to attach to the pi? i was not able to find one that is cheap and small, (to easily transport it together with the pi). thanks a lot for your effort, i am going to donate the kit i just pledged for to a little niece probably,
hi, i have pledged $119, can i double the pledge and get 2 kits?  thanks,
hi! i pledged $119 but would love to buy t-shirts too.  is there an add-on for this? thanks!
i agree that translated books will be much more efficient for kids to play with the kano. as i'm french, i'd love to see a french translation as well. i've seen some french names in the backers so might be worth it (although it will come with a cost...). will you give another project update at 450k $ ;) ?
i am a backer for the keyboard tier. would be cool to have an sd card of kano os shipped with my pledge as stretch goal. just a suggestion.
no question, kids need the books in their native tongue. i think translation is a very important topic! i have read a few german names here. do you need help translating? the crowd might be able to help you! or at least, i could!
a german documentation would be great and more functions for the os great project my daugther will love it.
congratulations, great project, quys! i have pledged $119, can i double the pledge and get additional one kit for my colleage, who has no amazon account?  thanks in advance!
one more comment... you ask what to do next/in addition because of the success of this kick starter project. one thing would perfectly match... emulation of one (or several) old home computers of the 80s... this would be something that could help to bring father and sons (daughters) together in front of the kano and daddy (or mommy) could tell about their "first time" when they got in front of a computer. think of the hours both could spend on a c64 (spectrum or my first one - an atari 800xl) ... if you think about education another idea could be to incorporate something that would allow something like the lego mind storms?
really great project! i hope that the documentation will be available in more languages when everything gets delivered? that will be the key... kids need to have the documentation in their native language and if i think about germany for example it would mean that only kids in the sixth class would be able to read english in a way that they could somehow use kano. so please... use the money to translate the documentation to languages as german to ensure an even higher success... thanks :-)
great project. i am curious, how have you created the project rewards in dollars when you are based in the uk? as a uk creator myself i wasnt aware this could be done.
when i found out about this project i just had to back it!
i'm very interested in a german version, too! great project!
hi, are we going to have wolfram language and mathematica on our raspberry pi, please. http://www.wolfram.com/raspberry-pi/
thanks for the reply. pledge has been adjusted to the 119 level. any chance that kano will be video at the bett show . it would be great if the backers could  see  your presentation/demonstration at the show.
great idea! can't wait the box-opening moment :)
@low. thanks a lot for that. :)
@marlo, on friday dec 20, 3:54am myt
i do not get this clear, but when will the pledge be charged? thanks
great news about bett! there was one little pi kit there last year but it wasn't nearly as conceptual as yours. your booth is gonna be mobbed! and thnx for clearing up the confusion about pledge kits still being available. just ordered one for my 11 year old daughter, rose!
i have pledged $119, can i double the pledge and get 2 kits? thanks,
@frank kelly you can still get a kano kit! all we've done is include the shipping price to make things easier. pledge $119 and a kit will be on its way to you when they're released!
just increase the pledge amount to 119.00 i hope santa will be able to increase the reward so i can get a computer kit.
just backed this great computer project. i would also like to get a computer kit but they are all gone. any chance that you can increase the rewards to allow for more kano computer kits. if so i will increase my pledge to 119.
@desi danganan there are plenty left! we simply changed our reward to include shipping. just pledge $119 dollars and we'll get a kit to you when they're ready!
@rose gallagher we will be at bett this year! stay tuned for more details.
any chance kano will be exhibited at the bett show at london's excel, 22-25 jan. 2014? if not, is there somewhere in london i can see one? maybe even purchase a kit?
i want a kit--but there are none left. will you release more during the campaign?
@derek sim we'll ask for a shipping address at the end of the kickstarter. we're happy to ship your kit anywhere you'd like.
@fabien rica sam aaron is a good friend of kano and one of the projects in the book uses a special kano version of sonic-pi. i love making tunes on it!
not sure if this has been asked or answered, what would the shipping address the kit would be delivered to? is it to be confirmed later or it follows the billing address provided by amazon? can the shipping address be different from the billing address? amazon payments allows only the payment method or billing address to be changed.
@lindsay marie dovey  shipping is a flat fee of $20 anywhere in the world. all of our rewards now include the shipping cost. if you have any problems, let me know and we'll help you out.
dear kano, you asked in project update #4 what you could do more with all that money, so here are some ideas: 1/ look at gcompris (http://gcompris.net/index-en.html) and get inspiration/code from this project to have more activities in the os. bonus if you can contribute to their project by improving their graphics, which are sometimes rudimentary (but the activities are cool). 2/ contact sam aaron (https://twitter.com/samaaron) and ask him if it would be possible to include sonic-pi (http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/projects/raspberrypi/sonicpi/) into the kano os. this guy is making incredible things with kids in the uk, teaching them computer science through music. just seen one of his talk and was blown away. the idea would be to get the application he uses to teach cs to kids within kano. good luck in the coming months!
this is going to pair very well with the kickstarter project computer science for your child book when i get it next year.
lindsay marie dovey about 1 hour ago "ps. if i'm in the uk do i need to add shipping? plus if i do is it $15 or $20? rather confused." i'd like to know too! how much scope is there to install a word processor on this?
so, any chance you guys will be offering the "prototype" board shown in update 6 as a stretch goal add-on?  that seems like a great way to get kids involved with interfacing with the real world in addition to what they can do in the virtual world.  it looks like it has some nice 7 segment displays as well which could be used for counters or count down/up timers, etc.  great work guys.
re: update 6: if you didn't mention the broom, i wouldn't have even noticed it!  congrats on breaking the $250k mark!  (kickstarter is loving you guys now, i'm sure!)
re update 4, i would love the kit without the pi or a little stocking something.  thank you very much i am very excited about this project. ps. if i'm in the uk do i need to add shipping? plus if i do is it $15 or $20? rather confused.
re update#4, i quite like the idea of the kit without the pi.
congrats on blowing away your goal. great idea!  by the way you made this week's list of top crowdfunding projects from crowdfundingforum.com:  http://crowdfundingforum.com/showthread.php/8976-hot-crowdfunded-projects-this-week-kano-krosmaster-(nov-21st)
a german translation would be great, my kids already waiting ;)
@firdosh nogama we'll be launching the digital downloads once the kickstarter ends.
@aidan plunkitt what you've done should be fine. any problems and we'll be in touch.
@dustyn etherington if you're still having problems, email me at rewards@kano.me and i'll help you sort it out.
@irvin chen could you send an email to rewards@kano.me ? we'll try and sort something out for you.
@monda gunawan they absolutely break down and go back in the box again. you can use them over and over!
@fabio, after the project ended, a survey will send to your email ask for shipping information.  when will survey send to you is depend on project creator.
just wanted to point out that in the list of things that come in the package you have listed mini-usb.  the raspberry pi takes a micro-usb for power.  mini-usb and micro-usb are very different.
i just hope they don't ship with the horrible uk power plug ;-)
how do you know our address? from the amazon biling address?
if you're looking for ways to use the extra money: add real localization in as many languages as possible for all parts of the system, including the visual programming language and the books. that is a really important part to ensure kids all over the world can actually engage with it :-)
@anyonethatpickedthe$99pledge: click "manage your pledge" and make sure you actually pledged $119.  if you did not, change it to $119.  you will not be charged a 2nd time, because you have yet to be charged a first time.  you won't be charged anything until 12/19/2013. let's make sure these guys get the proper amount due so they can continue to be successful with (what i believe to be) a worthy effort!  i would love to see more kids getting into creating and not just consuming!
@low makes the most sense. thanks
@gordon, go back and add an extra $5 so that total is $119.
i'm a little confused... i selected the $99 kit where it added $15 at the checkout for "shipping outside the us". was i meant to add a further $20 on top of this originally, and am i meant to go back and add an extra $5 now?
if you can use the extra money raised to push up your timeline for shipment, that's seems to be a good goal to me.  hell, i'll come work for you!  good luck guys!
on the "manage pledge" page i changed my $99 amount to $119. i hope this doesn't result in me paying an extra $99 or losing my early bird special.
hi, i have made the $9 pledge so how and where do i go to download the books and projects?
another idea would be cool accessories, like the home automation and/or camera boards.
really like the idea of a full kano kit for those that already have the raspi.  interested in what price point this would be at?  hmmm...
@dustyn, in "manage your pledge", amend your pledge amount.
trying to manage my pledge and add the funds for delivery can't find how to do this.
i'd vote for an everything-bar-the-pi option - i ordered the keyboard as i already have a pi, but i'd prefer printed books over digital downloads for my 8-year old, so i'd be interested in an upgrade.
just backed this awesome project!! way to go team kano!! \m/
oh seen the update
wait so for delivery i had 20 so it will be 120$ is that right
i would vote for more kano os levels. alternatively: will people be able to add their own levels, share with them? getting community around mods might be interesting here.
re 4th update: more kano os levels please! :d
why is the give one get one locked down?
hi, i'd pledge "kano lab". i'm from taiwan and i would like to know if the "kano lab" kit need to add shipping postal?  we can give up "workshop" for that it's seems not possible for you to came here (a long way from uk), but i'd like to know is it postal free for kano kit to arrival here.
hi! i've pledged for 1 kit, but i have 2 kids. can the kano kit be taken apart after 1 kid finished playing with it, so the next kid has the same experience with building kano? what about the programs and the codes, can it be different for each kid? how can i make the coding experience different for each kid? do i supply them with separate sd card? i hope i'm making sense here :) thank you!!
@kano, is it possible to open other pledge level for those backers who want more than 1 set of kano kit?  for example, one pledge level for 2 sets kano kit and another pledge level for 3 sets kano kit etc.  i believe, this will save your team a lot of trouble to keep track for those backers who want more than 1 set of kano kit.
@chris we'll be shipping everything from the uk so there won't be any extra charges.
@trevor may fear not! when we say 'assembled', we mean that it will be packaged by our glamorous team members in kano hq itself. your kit will arrive disassembled and ready for some serious making!
look forward to working with you guys in the lab.  have bought the 10 kit package for my son and some classmates to do together as a build and learn project!
@trevor, here is keno previous comment and shall answer your question: "@kamil burzynski great to hear the shipping is a bit clearer. when we say 'assembled by us', these kits will be lovingly packed by the kano team in our hq in london, rather than in a factory. other than that, the only difference is you also get a cool t-shirt and your kit a month early!"
hi, your project says : london will this be shipped from the uk to uk buyers or will we have to pay royal mail "handling fee" of £8 in addition to vat and import tax ? thanks.
i have pledged for the early bird special, but a bit worried that it'll arrive fully assembled. building it with my kid would be half the fun! can you tell me whether this is the case? many thanks!
@britt griswold thanks for your feedback. we know that the shipping has been a bit tricky, but unfortunately we can't change it now the kickstarter is live. i'd like to say a big thank you to all those who have been so wonderful in changing their pledge amount to account for shipping. you really are an amazing bunch of backers! mathew kano community champion
i just received an e-mail stating that i should add 20$ since i pledged 99. but i already did that, immediatley after i pledged the 99$ (i had missed the edit button... ). do i need to be worried, will i be once charged 99 and then 119?
with a flat shipping fee, why oh why are you offering pelages that do not include the shipping as part of the pledge?  this seems silly. what is the point otherwise of pledging for something if you don't want it shipped to you? if it is too look cool at $99 for a computer, you are just asking for the heartburn of confusion of asking people to do manually what must be done for all cases- add $20.  not user friendly… but i did go back in and add it at your request :)
ah, just missed the early bird, and finally took the second 99$ option. can't wait july now. cheers from france ;-)
@nicolas andre we'll be shipping fully compatible eu usb power adapters, so your kit will work perfectly.
@low chong hung - thank you - just did it!
@effie, yes you can. you can switch your pledge level in "manage your pledge".
hey guys.. congrats for the funding.. woaa!!! question -> for shipping in eu, will you support our plugging system (220v)? cheers, and can't wait to see it!
i just seen your past message about pledging twice. i will email you now :)
greetings kano! i have two kid sisters i would love to buy this to, unfortunately i am forced to pledge once. how can i order the second one for my 12 yr old sis. she would love this! please let me know. even if i try another method of payment it is not allowing me to buy it under my account. thanks! amazing project. i worked with the nonprofit black girls code, a nonprofit organization teaching computer programming to girls of color age 7 - 17. this is a super awesome product i know students will love! :) thank you for making it :)
great project! i just backed the project but was confused with the difference in the 99 pkgs - now that you clarified is it possible to switch to the early bird?
@kamil burzynski great to hear the shipping is a bit clearer. when we say 'assembled by us', these kits will be lovingly packed by the kano team in our hq in london, rather than in a factory. other than that, the only difference is you also get a cool t-shirt and your kit a month early!
woo!  congrats on reaching the goal!  looking forward to seeing pimame running on these.
so cool! our kickstarter expo is to show programmers inventions! it2pi youth programming inventors' expo http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/686634265/youth-programming-inventors-expo
first of all, congratulations on reaching the goal! thanks for explaination on shipping terms. i think you just need to add 'worldwide' word to pledge description and that should cut off lots of questions about it. now, another question to you: early bird backers will apparently get their units assembled by you. which will effectively take away some fun & lessons from recipients. can i get my kit unassembled, somehow? sure, i can disassemble it myself before handing out to the child, but maybe there is way to save your time, too ;)
i'm the creator of the www.unipicase.com, i just want to say congrats! you really struck a cord with this one, utilizing the raspberry pi for what it was meant to be used for.  great job, and if you ever want to do a classroom set option, let me know because my cases are perfect for the classroom. cheers, dave
we're really sorry that the shipping costs aren't as clear as they could be. here's the definitive guide to shipping costs: swag :                        	$19 + $10 shipping   =   $29 keyboard combo :     	$49 + $15 shipping   =   $64 kano kit early bird :    	$99 + $20 shipping   =   $119 kano kit :                     	$99 + $20 shipping   =   $119 shipping is a flat rate, so it doesn’t matter whether you live in singapore, sweden or seattle! if you get asked for $15 us postage, just ignore it and use the guide above. if you need any help at all with this, please feel free to email me personally at rewards@kano.me mathew kano community champion
another idea: please add some levels: if we reach 200k$, you (kano) will give 15 packets to scools in kenia,... you know, what i mean.
please add the folowing pledge: give one what if i just want someone (code school for girls in kenya,...) to get one?
@cait hurley if you can't back twice, drop us a line at rewards@kano.me and we'll help you out.
love the project, and i am glad to back, but really, this needs to be so much clearer. i haven't had to manually add any shipping fee for other projects. so why don't you just add the shipping to the pledge amount? then it's rock solid clear. "thank you so much for pledging! wherever you are, you just need to add the shipping rate in the pledge description. for example, for early bird, you would add $20 – for a total pledge of $119." since this is the actual amount i need to pledge, why not make that the actual amount, or change the description to reflect exactly what you say above?
well, reading previous comments (from kano) it seems that 119$ is enough for international delivery.
@ fabien rica: i am also living in western europe so i have pledged for a total of $134 (99$+20$ for kit delivery +15$ for extra shipping fee).
add me to the group that wants to back this in a way so that i can obtain multiple kano kits.
hello, just backed up! but... i'm a bit confused by the shipping costs and the two 99$ pledges. i selected the 99$ early bird special pledge and added 20$ for the shipping, so a total of 119$.  i live in western europe. did i set the amount correctly? thanks for your answer.
is there a way to pledge for two without making seperate kickstarter accounts?
congrat! reached 100% and over. :d
found the answer myself. that's the problem with having a lot of information: the details fade. for anyone else, the kano comes with a “smart power plug (all region pins available)”. now kicktraq is projecting $ 1,4 million :-)
will all kanos ship with the uk power plug, or will there be an option for other types? and i concur with the previous posters: the displayed shipping info is confusing. especially the sentence “for shipping outside the us”, when the project is based in the eu.
kicktraq is saying $1.2m.  wow!!!
@cait, create another kickstarter account using same amazon account to make payment should solve your problem. :p
so amazing to see how fast this is getting funded, go kano! :d
@christopher paris we can hardly believe it ourselves. thanks so much to everyone who's pledged. without you this amazing project wouldn't be possible.
just saw that you've got other queries regarding backing for more than 1. i have 2 kids and they're *definitely* going to want 1 each but there is no way to back the same pledge twice so yes please. (also not entirely sure my pledge shipping is right  - doh for kickstarter usability there) well done, you're obviously going toget way overfunded, and so you should. this is *exactly* the product i've been looking for for my kids all along. i've been working in the internet industry since 1996 but don't code, and have never built a computer, so rasberry pi is beautiful but a bit 'argh! what do i do!" for me, so supporting my kids through it - uhoh. now... this! huzzah!
@frederick tubiermont we'd love to chat about the possibility of partnering on something cool. feel free to drop us an email at rewards@kano.me and when the dust settles, we'll arrange to chat.
lol, derp, that'll be the big button that says "manage your pledge" then..... :-)  done, upped to $119. good luck!
ah just read previous comments - so $20 flat rate to ship anywhere worldwide.  i only added $15, how do i add another $5 to my pledge?  thanks.
guys,  your idea is just brilliant & wonderfully executed. we're also building something cool for the digital natives but more for mobile than desktop.  maybe we could partner in the future & mix the kano magic with the adsy wizardry ;-) once again kudos for your project. you deserve to be 10 times overfunded. a proud backer. frédérick co-founder adsy.me (we were on kickstarter too: http://kck.st/hdsffm)
good luck guys. i just pledged the "$99" package and was prompted to add $15 for delivery outside the us, so $114 total.  then reading the description again and it says to add $20 for delivery...?  so do i need to add another $20 for delivery on top of the $15 for outside us, and if so, how can i update my pledge?  thanks.
great work kano and a great kickstarter - excited to see it come to life. question - as a first time kickstarter backer, with postage do i need to add only $20 into the pledge amount plus select the reward, or do i pledge a total of $119 and tick the earlybird option?
over 73k in less than a day.  wow.
@paul narciso the early bird special means you'll get your kano kit 1 month ahead of everyone else, and you'll also get a cool kano t-shirt too! just remember to add $20 shipping. mathew
@johnnydement we're already working on mandarin, arabic and spanish versions of the kano kit, and we're hoping to add even more next year.
@jordan kalpin sorry about the confusion. we're charging a flat rate $20 to ship anywhere in the world. so if you're pledging for the kano kit it'll be $99 + $20 = $119. hope that helps clarify things. mathew
bump for the 2 pack - i have two boys.
so its $119 even if your in the us? and does anyone know what the major differences are between the early bird and the regular $99 pledge besides the obvious delivery time.
enjoy the ride guys. it looks like you have a good chance of beating our 50.5 hours to get your 100%. (mind you fish dish did it in 6 hours, but that was a much smaller project.)  the first few days is one big adrenaline rush.  oh and one more thing because i can't resist.  does it have touch? :p ;) (i wonder what your "wheels and a sandwich" question will be? something about shipping perhaps?) you guys are going to be grinning all day. enjoy.
to add shipping via the kickstarter app, press the "manage pledge" option and add an additional $20 but be sure to not change your pledge level unless you want to.
same question about adding shipping from the app. also, any chance of being able to pledge for 2 kits: i have twins!
i am using the kickstarter app and i can't find a way to add for shipping.  also i have backed several kickstarter items. it's much easier if you just add the shipping into the cost of the pledge ;)
so if you are in the u.s. you still need to add $20 right? what about the description that says add $15 to ship outside the u.s.? does that count?
ok! thanks for clarifing!
thank you so much for pledging! wherever you are, you just need to add the shipping rate in the pledge description. for example, for early bird, you would add $20 – for a total pledge of $119.
same thing here: could you please clarify international shipping rates? i'm poland, europe, want the early bird pledge, how much do i need to add for shipment?
also have same doubt as jordan, i peldged 119$ for shipping to spain, but next ties says to add 15$ to get it outside us... how much to add for shipping?
backed! i just hope everything in the package gets localized! hard for the non english kids if not, think i could help with spanish or catalan?
great project!!  just wondered how much to add for shipping to canada for the early bird special?  $20 or $20 + $15 = $35?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
