hi, anna! i'd really love to send you your copy of the book, but i don't have your mailing address. can you email me at leanne@leannebrown.com so i can get it? i've tried to email you several times through the email address associated with your kickstarter account but haven't heard back — i'm guessing it's an account you don't check anymore. i'll send another message to it right now just to be sure, but if not, i hope you see this response!
hello leanne! i'm so happy to hear of the success of the book. can you please check on the status of mine? i have not received it nor any communication about it. thanks!
congratulations. your book has helped many of my weight loss clients and several friends.
congrats on your award! i love this book, and i'm so happy you were recognized for it!!
congratulations on the well deserved award leanne. i love your whole concept, the recipes, and the increased awareness you have provided on good, affordable food.
hi, rina! yours shipped on sept 22 as well, but it must have been lost in the mail. we have a few that i saved just for this purpose; i'll send another copy out to you soon.
love the great news...i never got my book either....i get all my mail, but can you followup about that? ps - do u track them? my address is below 109 church street, apt 202 new haven, ct 06510
love the great news...i never got my book either....i get all my mail, but can you followup about that?
hi, stella! we shipped your book on sept 22, but it must have gotten lost in the mail. i'll follow up with you in a private message.
i received a project update email today and realized i have never received the book.
how about a kickstarter campaign to get this translated and printed in spanish?
isaac walker  709 e mitchell ave cincinnati, oh 45229
hi, isaac! sorry to hear that — your book definitely should have arrived by now. i'll send you a private message to make sure you see this, and will definitely ship you another copy.
hey my name is isaac walker and i never received my printed copy
thank you for the book - it has arrived safe and sound.  well done leanne, you've done a superb job! the very best for the future, and if you ever visit ireland don't be stranger, come and meet the family !!
i just want to say thanks. the book arrived today.
this is seriously one great cookbook! it's not only pretty and good for your wallet and health, but also written out of truly environmentally friendly principles! i'm reading mine slowly, when i'm not bubbling over with inspiration by the stove. autumn is also the perfect time to get a new vegetable centric cookbook. i hope my "giftee" is just as pleased with his or hers as i am. thank you!
the replacement came and it is perfect leanne!!! i love it and i already tried some of the recipes and people are loving the granola bars!
mine turned up in the uk as well, i'm looking forward to trying out some of the recipes this weekend:)
arrived today (uk). very nice book. thicker than i expected. big thanks!
received my book in houston yesterday. really enjoying it. thank you.
received my book yesterday in bc, canada - looks great. looking forward to this weekend when i should be able to give it a solid read and try a few recipes out.
just received my book today in ontario. looks fantastic. can't wait to try some of these recipes out.
i just received my book. as much as i liked the pdf, the physical book is even better!
great effort!! if you would consider a different name for the book may i suggest  "the prince and the pauper cookbook -  how to eat like a prince for $4/day"
i have my book! it looks absolutely fantastic. i can't wait to try some of these recipes out.
hey, cesar! so sorry to hear that (but cool to hear that they're starting to arrive). i'll send you a private message about a replacement copy.
just revieved my book and though it looks gorgeous it came creased, bent, and warped all over :/
hi ravin, don't worry. the books haven't shipped yet. i will be shipping them next weekend.
my book never came :(
hi leanne! i just made the potato leek pizza, not knowing what to expect i was blown away! i did make my pizzas on the grill and they were awesome.  thank you for all that you do!
hi, jenny! don't worry, i have a note to give all of yours away. unfortunately, kickstarter's survey tool doesn't let me not ask people for their address, even when i know i don't need it. thanks again for your generosity!
hi, leanne! i commented a while ago about donating both of my books, which you said was fine. i just completed the questionnaire and it required a shipping address to submit. i still want my books donated, though. just thought i'd drop a note in case it was confusing. thanks!
this is a really awesome book :) as an ideal it would be great to have check-box shopping lists ... one for premium items (like spices), and another for weeklies (meat, veggies, etc..) with a suggested "week 1", "week 2" meal plan.
is there a plan to offer the book for sale at some point? it could still be buy one give one like those famous shoes.
hi leanne:  i did the get one give 10 and was wondering if i am allowed to ask that a couple of the donated copies go to the food bank that i volunteer for (arlington food assistance center, 2708 s. nelson street, arlington, va 22206).  they have a program where they do cooking demonstrations for clients and i think the cookbook would be very useful for them. http://www.afac.org/
hi, leanne! congratulations again! i put in for $50 for get 2, give 2. just in case, since the shipping makes the number weird. :)
hi, walter! yes, i will post the final pdf as soon as it's done. i'm working on the new recipes now, and should have an updated pdf with all the new stuff for you guys in mid-to-late august. having so much fun working on it! the new recipes (the few i've finished so far) are delicious.
hello leanne, just wondering if you will post the final version of pdf online, so far is 132 pages
congratulations, you must be so, so proud of what you've accomplished. and thank you. i've been fumbling around trying to figure out ways to a) feed my family more homecooked meals, b) reduce our overall cost, while acknowledging time and efficiency constraints. i think your book will help me plan more and prepare ahead so i can throw things together efficiently after the school pick-up run without resorting to boxed food, and less fresh food will end up in the trash for lack of time/forethought. that means we'll be eating both cheaper and healthier, and you'll have helped. you are another inspiring example of what your generation can accomplish.
hi leanne, congratulations on your accomplishment. your spirit and generosity are humbling. i am honored just to be associated with your good work.
wonderful news!:congratulations on your success surpassing your goal, what...almost 15 x's? i feel so good to be a small part such a generous, positive project. bless you.
congratulations leanne! can't wait to see it all come together.
thank you leanne brown, a very careful, conscientious creative creator..  thanks again.  people will eat better and have stronger lives, and families, from your work.. and thanks especially to the amazing backers.. quintessential creators you all are.
congratulations, leanne. well done!
sydney: done! thanks to you for your generosity as well!
i'd like mine to be donated please!
karl: done! thanks for your generosity! andream: have you seen the pdf already? i'll be updating it in the next month, but you can already download the current version here: http://www.leannebrown.ca/cookbooks or direct link to the pdf: http://www.leannebrown.ca/good-and-cheap-pdf
please change my get one, give two  too give three thanks
can't wait to read the book and start cooking.  woo hoo!
congratulations, leanne!  you have truly changed the world with this campaign :)
joe — done! andrew — unfortunately, hardcovers are a /lot/ more expensive to produce (as is a split print run of hardcovers and softcovers). i'd love a hardcover too, but i'm trying to keep the cost as low as possible to maximize the number of donated copies and reduce the price for non-profits. sorry! but hey, the lower cost of a softcover instead of a hardcover means you can just buy another if it wears out. ;) and i hope you do wear it out!
hey leeanne, i did the same adjustment as bridget. $50 = buy 2 give 2  thanks!
hi nate! i definitely tried to take satisfaction into account when i was creating the recipes. indeed i think that healthiness and having enough to eat go hand in hand! i designed the recipes, as much as possible, so that people wouldn't have to supplement them with processed food. but i also wanted to have some variety of lower calorie items like the grapefruit, and even treats like the cookies. i leave it up to each reader to judge what they feel like and choose accordingly. i don't really expect that too many people will be cooking everything from this book, but hopefully they get a few new ideas to add to their regular rotation. everything about the book is a guide, not a rule. the $ amounts will also vary by location, as will availability and so on. i wanted the book to be inspiring, not prescriptive. good and cheap is much more of a cookbook than it is a meal plan!
i can see this getting used a lot, i was wondering (obviously too late,) but i would pay extra for a hardcover edition.
as somebody mentioned, the shopping list idea is good. the $4 a day price point (which seems like $4 a meal, skimming through the book) really depends on core ingredients that need to be purchased. eggs, lentils, beans, rice, quinoa; bulk buys really can drive the price of a meal down. i like that you incorporated spices to change up the taste while allowing you to keep using low-priced staples. somebody brought up, at one point (during a discussion about this kickstarter), that he was concerned about meeting the necessary daily caloric intake. half of a grapefruit with a tablespoon of brown sugar only gives you ~100 calories (for a dollar), yet its pitched as a breakfast idea. the tomato eggs would be a much more valuable idea for the money since 1 serving gets you 2 tomatoes and 2 eggs, which gets you just over 260 calories for $1.80. not to mention that the tomatoes and eggs are far more balanced than the grapefruit, with extra sugar. obviously i am being overly critical, but for a family receiving government assistance, you obviously would like to get the maximum amount of energy out of every dollar spent. i am just wondering if you considered this when writing the book; or if your primary concern was to simply show that its possible to eat healthy on a budget, as opposed to eating "well" on a budget. thanks, and congrats on hitting your goal nearly 13 times over!
amazing. thank you, leanne. what you are doing is awesome. and your approach to distribution (get one - give one, two, etc.) makes us feel like we are doing good, helping those who may not have the tools and resources to eat healthy (until now!).
i love this project.  it is absolutely brilliant.  i especially love the way the cookbook is as much educational about cooking as it is about giving recipes.  i'm a huge alton brown fan and this reminded me of his desire to teach you about how cooking works while giving great recipes - but unlike his books this one does it with a budget in mind.  congratulations!
i second the motion of a menu plan. =)
hi, bridget — done! i've made a note for you. (you haven't done anything wrong — kickstarter doesn't let you specify multiple rewards, so sending me a message or a comment is great.) hi, rice-rocketeer! i actually did have a menu plan in my original draft of the book, but i thought it was too prescriptive. a few people have mentioned it since, then, so i'll consider whether i should take another crack at it. thanks for the suggestion!
i can't manage to edit my order using the manage my account feature. i've pledged $50 and i'd like to give 2 and get 2 - please advise � thanks!
hi leanne, this is a great project! i'm glad you've hit your funding goal and have backed this! i was looking through your beautiful cook book and i thought that your sections on prices, the pantry, and "eating and shopping well" were particularly helpful. however, one thing that i think might be really helpful is a super prescriptive, set weekly plan example to optimize a family's budget and portions? it might help people to have an example of how they could make this work! so like... example week 1 serves: family of 4 cost: $50 groceries: chicken, egg plant, green onions, coriander, etc. day 1 menu: [insert breakfast, lunch, dinner recipe here.] day 1 time estimate: day 1 leftovers: "try to save x from your dinner meal (like the carcass for a chicken for soup)." day 2 menu: [insert breakfast, lunch, dinner recipes here.] day 2 time: [insert time.] day 2 leftovers: [insert leftovers.] that way, a family could optimize their leftovers too to use them for subsequent meals? i don't know anything about food or shopping for groceries, but if you needed help, i could definitely give it a try! take care, rice-rocketeer
john! you totally called it man! i would never have thought. i couldn't be happier! and seconded, thanks to everyone who donated. you all made this happen.
i didn't want to jink it but now that we've officially crossed the $100k barrier, i can finally say "congrats leanne!"  i just knew this campaign would make it this far & with 6 days to go, who knows how much more we can raise?  thank you for putting together such a great campaign & i'm truly honored to be a part of it & wish you all the best moving forward.  and thanks to everyone that has donated thus far, we all made this happen!
wow, i am super impressed! i feel like i always talk about this with my sister and husband, but you have actually shown that it is possible. congratulations and i can't wait to see what else you do!
happy 4th of july, to you all!  leanne, thank you for such a beautiful project.  thank you for coming to this country and contributing a work which embodies the essence of creating "a more perfect union."  many thanks to all backers, from around the world: the printed version of book will help so many more families on snap, but also many others who struggle to make ends meet and to eat well on limited income; thank you for helping to improve the quality of life, for so many.
hi andrea! no problem. i won't collect addresses until the project is over and we're ready to ship so don't worry about it at all. if you want to change to "buy one, give two" click "manage your pledge" and you can change your reward. thanks!
amazing project!
so the amazing thing is the pdf is free even now.. downloadable even now.. thank you leanne brown.. blessings.. and thanks to kickstarter backers.. the quintessential creators.
leanna, you are an answer to my prayers! i was just thinking about this... is it possible to cook healthy foo on a super tight budget... thank you! also, if you could help me. i ordered your buy one give one option and i didn't get to change my address :/ please contact me so i can have it shipped to the correct place and i would love to change it to give two!!!! jhgotogirl@gmail.com thank you!!!!
great project!
this is an amazing endeavor!  i really admire you for doing something like this and getting it out there.
awesome project! :)
great project!!!  ... after doing the snap challenge in september one thing i realized was cooking knowledge was key - i found my self online looking up a lot of things ... to have a book that gives healthy, budget conscious meals that do not have limited use ingredients is awesome and is truly a blessing for those who are food insecure and living on a limited budget ...
an idea for a future book.. eat well and vegetarian on $4/day.  i'm finding it harder and harder to find inexpensive vegetarian foods.. but then that's part of the reason why i backed your project. :d
mandy! will do!
leanne, please donate all three copies!  thanks for all your hard work.
this is awesome! i am a chef and have done cooking classes in partnership with a local food bank and other community organizations, the additional reference of your cookbook will be great!
congratulations on reaching your goal leanne!
greta — done!
please donate the copy that would be sent to me.  thanks!
rose — done!
please donate the copy that would ordinarily be sent to me. what an incredible project!
katherine! great suggestion. i will be adding 20 new recipes to the book indeed. it's one of the $100 reward levels, but is now sold out. that will add as many as 40 pages to the book. it's very exciting and i can't wait to do it, but if i add any more i don't think i'll be able to have the book ready in time to print and ship in september.
have you considered adding more recipes with your stretch goals as well as more prints?
this is a fantastic thing that you are doing, congratulations!  as a working single mom of 5 kids (1 bio, 3adopted,  & 1 foster) food shopping on a budget is  a must!  i am lucky to have a job that pays all the bills, but every penny i can save  helps! i will be cooking from your book as well!   the more ways i can save, means the more i can do for my children the more that our family can do to help others.   you can check out the ways that me and my kids get involved by going to our facebook page and liking us. team crazy town
leanne, the incredible contributions to your cause are such a testament to your outstanding work!  though cliché, the sky is truly the limit for you and this project.  kudos to you for the beautiful book, your exceptional passion in your work, and thank you for your efforts to change the world in this brilliant way!
hi jenny! i will mark that you would like yours all given away. awesome! also, anyone can just message me if they would like to give theirs away. i have now added that to the faqs :)
@kelsi and jenny- no reason you couldn't give your ~$25 at that "no reward" $1 minimum tier - and nothing for her to track differently afterwards.
leanne, i'm with kelci on the donation-only idea. i just pledged the buy one/give one option. can you just mark both of mine to be donated, please? i'll reference the pdf (keeps my clutter down too!). :-) thanks, and awesome idea. promoting it as much as i can!
@leanne i'm so happy to support your great work & to see a tremendous act of kindness from someone like yourself!  healthy meals is the number one issue hurting kids in our country & stunts brain development. i live right outside of nyc & would happily help you by volunteering my time anytime you need. also i'll be spreading the word on your kickstarter. thank you for being a forward thinker & seeing the huge need for this. lots of people can use this even if they aren't on food stamps, you rock!!
leanne, i am the principal of a school serving low income students (ages 3-6) in new haven, ct. we would be interested in buying your book for our parent resource center. alissa
hi kelci! yes, i have noted that you want to give all of yours away. very cool, thank you!
so excited to see your generous use of mason jars.  buying bulk pantry items and storing in mason jars saves money, keeps food fresh and reduces waste. i'd love to send you a recap mason jars pour cap to try. (www.masonjars.com)  we got our start on kickstarter as well.  congrats and best wishes!
i love this! and i was the 1000 backer! :)
is there a way to make it so my "get one, give two" could turn into "give three, download the pdf"? alternately, can you make some donation-only options for pledges?
super excited for you guys, leanne!!! and, congrats!!!! will throw more at ya as pocketbook permits. :)
daniela, i would be so happy if you did that. that is exactly what this book is for.
thank you!!!  i passionately believe that real food should be a basic human right, and your vision and action will help empower people to shift into a healthier and more fulfilling way to provide food for their families.  today i spread the word at our community food bank that i am involved with to much excitement.  with your blessing, i would love to teach some free cooking classes with recipes from your book to interested local food bank clients.  what a beautiful difference you are making.... thank you leanne.
hi, charlene — great question, and can't believe we forgot to mention that in the project overview! the book will be a perfect-bound softcover, or at least that's the current plan. it won't lay perfectly flat like a spiral-bound book, but the pages will be heavy enough that it will stay open on its own. i printed my last cookbook (from scratch) as a perfect-bound softcover and am very happy with it.
this is such a great idea - and the recipes look delicious! i was wondering what you were thinking regarding binding/printing...are you expecting something that's hardcover/casewrapped, or softcover/spiral/comb-bound? i did a self-printing project a while back, and the spiral binding, or anything that lets the cookbook lay flat while you work, makes a huge difference in getting people to actually use the thing.
thank you leanne that does make perfect sense. my contribution stands and i will def continue to spread the word!
hi, hannah! thank you so much for your kind words and support. just want to make sure there is no confusion: for the "get one, give-one" (or more) rewards, i'll ship the "get one" to you, but will hold onto the "give x" copies to distribute en masse to organizations on behalf of supporters. this model lets me make the money go further by saving on shipping — that way, i can print many more books than if i shipped all copies out to backers. it also ensures that the organizations that receive books get a large number of copies that can make a real impact. i hope this doesn't disappoint you, and of course you always have the option to cancel the order if you had hoped to distribute all copies yourself. but i hope you won't. all the best! i'll post a faq about this as well just to be sure there is no uncertainty.
i remember using food stamps with my grandma in the early 80's. this is awesome! i'll be giving my copies to @peace4kids. thank you leanne
lisa! thanks for throwing the idea out there. i'm thrilled you like "from scratch" so much. i'm afraid that in order to justify the printing costs of a whole other book we would have to raise another $10k or so. so maybe that's a project for the future? thanks again for the suggestion!
a thought for the strech goal - would it be possible to also have the option to buy/donate copies of "from scratch"?
awesome, on food stamps now and sick of plain pasta.
really great idea and it is so wonderful that you are giving the books away to those in need! i could only pledge for one book which i'd like you to give to someone instead of mailing it me. i am often on tight budget myself but i am lucky enough to have internet access and happy to use your pdf version! thank you!
i recall the days of assistance and government cheese, thank you leanne for creating the accessibility of healthy eating to all.
i second charles. i lived on food stamps for a time as a kid and it was painfully hard for my mom to feed us healthy food. please help this goal get hit, and hopefully far exceeded!
as someone who was unemployed for 6 months, and subsequently lived on both benefits & food stamps, trying to eat healthy wasn't really an option. i am grateful that you put your heart & soul into something so wonderful. i am supporting this book so everyone can eat well, not just those who have more income. thanks leanne!
so excited!
