@adam, no, that wouldn't help if you are looking into using nuimo as a local controller to enhace creativity (like a tool selector on graphics/cad programs) what i think @chris is going for.  senic explained the case and it's understood that creating a windows app/utility that lives up to the expoectations would require ressources they (curretnly) don't have. still it's a hen/egg situation and as @adam points out questionable to pull statistics of userbase that doesn't count for those who just don't have a choice - i backed 2 nuimos but i am using only one - on android and ios while the second one is waiting for windows support. so this is definitely watering the statistics and so - based on the hint it is not going to be a hub which i also assumed, until i ran the survey, that is, which clearly hints it isn't -  i am totlally with @adam on this one to rather assign ressources to widen up the usability/support first before diving into a new adventure which will completely tie all capabilities wiothin the still small team. i think nuimo is almost there but sales can only take off if it's a procduct everyone can use on every platform. speaking of which, i stillf ind it somewhat a one trick pony, it doesn't really allow me to control my hues and raumfeld in multiple rooms/zones in a way that feels natural and fluid. dimmining multiple hues for instance lags to an extend i am not tempted to even keep the profiles i created, white balance is not present, presets from bridge cannot be called.... but maybe, perhaps, and possibly they could be adressing this by making a better app/config tool. but - reading in between the survey lines i rather put my  2 cents on some bluetooth/gc4a audio receiver that can be controlled by nuimo and simultaneously may serve as dock/charging station for it.
@creator, ok so rather than releasing new hardware you're releasing new software to run on existing hardware like a rasberry pi.  i think this is a much better approach going forwards, but it still means that people who don't have a single board computer like the pi will have to spend more money to get the most out of the nuimo.
@adam wrong guess :)
@chris, they are going to help you use your nuimo, they're going to bring out a hub on kickstarter to pair with the nuimo and control all your things. it'll cost you more money of course and more than likely won't get any new integrations going forwards but hey you'll be able to use it to control the extremely small amount of things it does work with.
update $43: "we found the majority of our backers and customers are users of a ios or android device and some who use other platforms.".  no support for windows, so no windows users.  i still don't understand why we can get a simple windows pc app to allow us to use this device.   windows (7,8, 10) still has 75%+ of the pc market, why do feel left out?  please help me get the most out of my nuimo!
@alexander g. hi alex! du hast glück, wir haben gerade ein paar neue bekommen. esche (hell) oder nuss (dunkel)? wir nehmen 25€ plus shipping. bitte schick mir nochmal ne mail an felix@senic.com viele grüße, felix
hi! gibt es noch die möglichkeit, einen desk stand nachträglich zu bekommen (Österreich)? danke :)
glad we could help, @phil! thanks for all your support :)
thanks sending out the desk stand, great service, just wish all kickstarter projects were as well ran as yours !!
@jonas we feel the same way. :) just stay tuned. it will be good.
ok that sounds awesome!  even if that would add another ''hub'' to a smart home system.  it's a bit frustrating, that every product needs its own hub..  personally i'm looking forward to a custom solution with sth. like home assistant on the raspberry.  keep us informed :)
hey @jonas, tobias here.  two things: - during the whole process we found out that it is very hard to create stable integrations for android because there are no standards on the quality of bluetooth chips in different android devices for example and people also use very different os versions.  - on the bright side: that's why started to focus on building a simple hub which solves not only that problem but also the constant connection problem and also comes with a bunch of other really really cool things that i think everybody will like. i cannot talk about it in detail quite yet but we will tell you guys very soon and of course you will be first to know!! thanks so much! tobias
the android app hasn't been updated for almost 3 months right now... any news on that?  ios seems to be preferred?
can the sleep function be disabled? my numb now has some use as i have a machine with the latest os x and bt4.0. yet it still goes to sleep all the time?? isn't the point of btle that a device can be permanently connected - you have to press the central button to then be able to use the wheel as a volume control??? imagine if your bluetooth mouse needed a click before it would recognise a movement??
desk stands were shipped a few months ago so if you haven't received yours, please reach out and let us know at hi@senic.com. @steve, just sent you a private email about it :)
any update on the desk stand?
@ben1680 @phil price: just sent you private messages regarding your missing accessories, hopefully we can get it sorted out for you quickly :)
i also haven't received the wall mount. @creator have you finished manufacturing this accessories yet?
@andreas: thanks for the reminder. we just finished shooting a video and will send a new update for you within the next few days. @joakim: at the moment we do not allow to adjust the sleep time. the settings right now is the best trade-off between battery lifetime and responsiveness. a longer sleep time will sadly lead to shorter battery lifetimes. to wake up nuimo you simply have the touch the face of nuimo. what would be the best settings for you?
are there any new updates to the community planned? next steps? new integrations? improvements to the wakeup and stuff?
can the go to sleep time be adjusted? why can't the device wake up when touching the weel?
hi. believe i paid extra for a desk stand, have these been shipped as of yet. thanks. phil
@jonathan: as far as we know, macos can manage only one bluetooth interface at the same time. this said, it's not nuimo app that you need to convince to use your external bluetooth dongle. different solutions exist to activate your dongle, some of them are mentioned here: http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/94402/force-os-x-to-use-bluetooth-dongle-instead-of-built-in-controller
okay, getting somewhere now thanks. nuimo app starts without crashing but don't think its seeing the dongle.  can i have two bluetooth devices (one internal, one external dongle) on a single computer? in sys preferences bluetooth internal bt is connected to my mouse and keyboard. how do i point the nuimo app to the dongle. or just even check it works?  as i mentioned the system info does see it
@jonathan: please note that the "library" folder inside your user folder is hidden and thus not shown by default in the finder. you can either use the terminal to navigate into the folder or enable finder to show hidden files.
@jonathan i don't have these crashes but in mac os sierra the connection to nuimo can take really long (i'm using a dongle because the built in bluetooth doesn't support ble). i hope there will be some improvement in mac os because it is clearly a regression from el capitan...
still no luck. there is no application support/nuimo folder to delete and i am not able to disable bluetooth to re-enable because i am using bluetooth keyboard and mouse with imac. i have two bt devices now, one embedded in the mac the other a dongle. dongle is reported thus in system profiler csr8510 a10: product id:	0x0001   vendor id:	0x0a12  (cambridge silicon radio ltd.)   version:	88.91   speed:	up to 12 mb/sec   location id:	0xfa130000 / 4   current available (ma):	500   current required (ma):	100   extra operating current (ma):	0 can i have two bt devices running even- if not then i know i am stuck
@jonathan: when upgrading from an old nuimo app on macos, please delete the folder /users/{your username}/library/application support/nuimo. we've made good experience with ble dongle labeled "logilink", "csr" or "csl". we can't give guarantee that these dongles will work. please note that the new macos 10.12 makes some trouble when you plugin in a dongle. you might need to restart your mac and/or disable and re-enable bluetooth on your mac a couple of times.
hi senic team. what about the accessories ? i'm enjoying nuimo daily but i still did not get the extra wallmount that i initially ordered (i mean, at the same time i ordered nuimo). is that normal ?  thx bastien
thanks for your response. updated now to sierra but the nuimo app now crashes.  heres a link to the report https://www.dropbox.com/s/pjyxxinq8g5f56q/crashreport.docx… are there recommended blue dongles to use for nuimo? thanks jon
@jonathan: nuimo app for macos requires at least macos 10.11 due to ui layouting bugs in prior macos versions. please consider updating your macos to 10.11 or 10.12.
why does your os x app requirer such el captan? i am so close to getting some use out of this thing but the app doesn't support yosmite.  am i living in the dark ages or do your customers all have such new hardware? i so so want to like this device - have been following you from the beginning but it is genuinely useless to me. i am not a swift programmer, linux hacker or python js or have the very latest hardware - i have two of these devices that are literally useless to me.  you have limited your customer base drastically
@senic: ihr seid spitze!
@klaus @andreas in ios ist es bereits wieder drin. in android kommt es im nächsten update wieder, spätestens nächste woche. vg tobias
danke klaus, genau das meine ich. war zumindest bis vor wenigen versionen noch möglich. top wäre natürlich das vor einiger zeit erwähnte limit-feature
ich denke, was er meint,  ich jedenfalls auch gut fände, wäre optional als aktion sowohl für tasten und gesten auch "keine" wählen zu können.
hi andreas, tut mir leid, das habe ich nicht genau verstanden. kannst du es bitte ein wenig genauer beschreiben? dank dir! tobias
hallo. ja, bei sonos rotate keine aktion durchführen. ist sonst tödlich für die lautsprecher
hey klaus! don't want to spoil the upates but we're addressing all issues with the next release. (the favorites for raumfeld causes issues on the raumfeld side and we're talking to them directly)  best, tobias
in general, do you preefer feedback here or through email?  english or german? anyway: i think the choice of controls is still very limited (especially with hue)  my biggest grieve (beside that dimming multiple lights doesn't really work that well) the lights turn on/off at 2700 at full brightness like on a hard power on off not with the last setting like from within the app. those 2 drawbacks, plus the lack to trigger scenes stored on the bridge makes nuimo my least favourite hue controller atm, which is a shame given its potential. also i don't know why certain commands can just assigned to either gestures or buttons? also, i would suggest to offer horizontal swipes (and/or clicks) through different setups instead of vertical as of now. right now i must browse through all different raumfeld configuations and then hues to end up at the bulb with 2 markers. it would be much more convenient and intuitive to have dedicated "lights" and "sound" panes one could scroll though different groups of lamps or speakers. so up down would scroll through "classes" and horizontal through groups within a class. raumfeld, lastly, i would really like to see an action to assign "favourites"  like different radiostations or playlists. this is already in the raumfled system and should be easy to accomplish.
hi andreas! gut ding will weile haben :) brauchst du irgendetwas spezielles oder worum geht es? wir waren extrem beschäftigt mit black friday und sonos favorites.
hi, will ja nicht lästig sein - aber 6 tage sind schon wieder rum....
hey andreas, wir haben noch drauf gewartet, dass ein paar neue updates durch die review gehen :) kommt innerhalb der nächsten tage.  vg tobias
hallo, wie schauts mit neuen updates aus? letztes ist vom oktober
@klaus  we're testing the app for ios right now. are you signed up as a beta tester yet? we hope to push it live by early next week. please send us an email so we can send you the beta version. hi@senic.com thanks! tobias
@senic thanks for the answer your commitment is highly appreciated! on a different note, as i was trying to push some information and incentive on hififorum regarding using nuimo as remote for raumfeld: i noticed that ios still doesn't support this (and gather so wouldn't itv). any plans when this will be implemented?
@klaus we cannot say anything definite about the sensor yet  for the amazon stick: we have the newest one from the united states with ble but there seem to be problems and also amazon just pulled them. will keep everyone updated. thanks! tobias
@jonny can you please send us an email to hi@senic.com describing the problems? this is all software so all fixable. we're just a small team so it sometimes takes some time.  glad it works with sonos and hue. thanks! tobias
@tobias i got frustrated with osx not working and the lack of display visuals. i won't event mention the ble with old mac issue again - i was trying this on 2015 mac. but now back to using iphone with sonos and hue. that works well and the latest firmware has some nice intuitive touches. volume response on gestures much improved. looking good.
just had a laugh at that bixi video - interesting how different presentation and appearance of a project so similar can be - makes me even more happy of my nuimos ;)  @senic: do you asume or know for sure they using the same sensor? and if so, would that mean you could up the gesture variations as well? re amazon ftv, i checked and allthough gen1 ticks the prerequisites for ble with bt 4.0 it seems not natively supported - which is a shame but nothing to blame senic for. still wondering if an adept coder couldn't get around this.
@joakim  could you please send us a direct email to hi@senic.com so we can help you? thanks! tobias
@jonny bixi is using the same sensor so there won't be a difference. what issues do you still have? the firmware as well as the app should be very stable by now. what are you using nuimo for and when did you last update the software? thanks! tobias
hm is it just my nuim or do someone else have issue to the wake nuimo up to control the volume? i can use my nuimo and after 2-3 min i want to adjust the volume and it not responding and i have to press the surface on the nuimo and paus/start music again to get volume control back. the nuimo is connected to sonos.
just noticed bixi has launched so would be interesting to see if they've fixed some of the teething issues nuimo is facing.  i'm not using nuimo anymore: i've spent too much time trying to get it to work with osx and ios and latest firmware seems to be step backward not forward. shame.
@andreas: ja, wir kennen die sonos-lautstärke. schreib uns am besten eine email an support@senic.com, dort können wir ausführlicher diskutieren.
nicht bei den features sondern beim drehen vom rad. weiterführende frage. bekommt ihr von sonos eigentlich die aktuelle lautstärke retour? also z.b. 20%?
@andreas: we'll discuss re-adding no actions to gestures. we had a couple of customers who accidentally assigned no action and then thought nuimo wasn't working.
hallo. mit der neuesten version ist es nicht mehr möglich rotate nichts zuzuweisen. ist für sonos wichtig da ansonsten durch kinder leicht unabsichtlich voll aufgedreht wird. bitte wieder einbauen
@senic: that's what i feared...although i am putative ftv gen 1 sports bt4.0 which makes it ble compatible...i may check into that when back at home..
@scenic: okay great, looking forward to it! :-)) for me, the wired connection is much more stable for video streaming,  and i don't want to switch to wifi for nuimo only :-d
@armin: right now the nuimo app for fire tv requires a wi-fi connection. we're working on an update that will support cabled connections, too. @klaus: only fire tv 2nd generation (october 2015 model hd ultra) comes with support for bluetooth low energy.
@armin: does it? @creator: i cannot find nuimo on the firetv itself and if i search for nuimo app on amazon.de it says it's not compatible with my firetv? i have a ftv gen 1 running 5.2.2. btw
hi ... it is great that nuimo now supports the fire tv. however, it doesn't seem to work if the fire tv is connected via network cable and not wifi. i am trying to control my philips hue system and i always get the message that wifi is disabled. that really makes no sense to me. hue is not dependent in wifi. it works very well with a wired network connection. or am i missing something? thanks armin
this is very frustrating. with the new firmware if nuimo breaks connection with the phone/ios device it does not connect automatically.  you have to fire up the nuimo app, wait for a pair. how can that be realistic in the real world? people will always walk in and out of range of the nuimo, its not realistic to have to manual pair every time. i wouldn't mind but this is my only use case at the moment - a volume control for my phone.  all my other devices are not realistically upgradable to ble 4 (imac 2011),  it seems a major hacking task to get it to talk to ble hardware, or is not supported.  i just wonder who is getting much use out of these (beautiful) things.  permanent computers serving this in your house to adjust some mood lighting??  it is the most beautiful, frustrating useless device i have ever bought.  on top of this firmware revisions move in both positive and negative directions. where can i access firmware details? deltas?
@ciaran: cou you please write to felix? (felix@senic.com) thx a lot!
@adam: if you open nuimo app you'll find a button titled "add more" on the main screen. it will allow you to add a lifx group. right now we require wi-fi to be enabled.
@senic i have the nuimo app installed via the play store but i cannot find the lifx app. also whilst on the subject of the shield, the nuimo app is constantly saying i need to switch wifi on even though it is hard wired with ethernet.
@adam we haven't tried nuimo with nvidia shield yet. which android app store does it use? if it's google play, nuimo app might show up if your nividia shield has android 4.4 with ble support.
any more idea on when the mounts will be sent out? i'm still waiting on mine?
@senic i have installed the app on my nvidia shield but the i cannot find a lifx app on there, i'm sure you mentioned in an update that it's possible to control lifx from android tv, how was you doing this please? also i think the first comment in the last update was a great idea, you should create an app that can be installed via apt/npm etc on an always on (my shield is not always on) sbc like a raspberry pi.  also notice i said you, it's your product so i think it's your responsibility to create the software for it, pointing users to the sdk like you did in the update comments is not acceptable.  you promised windows apps so you should deliver them, don't expect the community to do it for you.
hey amkap, thanks for getting back at us. we just released the newest firmware version which is v2.3.1. can you check in your app that you have the newest one? if you should run into problems just send an email to us at support@senic.com thanks as well for the suggestion about the plastic film. we will definitely look into this and keep you updated via our bi-monthly newsletters. hey jonathan, we always post about the newest firmware updates as well as app updates in our bi-monthly newsletter and as well here in the kickstarter updates. it tells you about the issues we tackled and also quite often a peak into the future what it to come. cheers, philip
could you please confirm the latest firmware version? i was trying to update to latest firmware however i didn't get a confirmation that it had completed and now the option to update firmware is not in the app anymore.  also, as others have posted, is there a plastic film on the glass bit of the nuimo or are the edges just very rough?
is it possible to keep track of the firmware updates you guys are making? would be great to see what issues are being addressed/ added as the latest firmware seems to have unfixed the sleeping issue. nuimo goes to sleep all the time requiring a press to wake and disconnects it also insists on a recharge at even at 25% battery levels, refusing to connect.
@adam, we are working with lifx to fix this issue but we have no timeframe yet for when it will be available.
@adam unfortunately lifx hasn't updated their documentation for a long while and they don't specify how to control light groups. as soon as they document controlling light groups through the local network we will be implementing that.
if the device is connected to more than 1 lifx light then it doesnt work very well - i have a room with  8 lights in it. when the device is supposed to turn them on / off, only half of them do.
when the mount fell off the wall it was around 27 celsius. it's good do know that a new mount is being developed so that this won't happen to others. the dots are now placed in a triangle with one dot at the top center. i think it would be better to have two dots at the top as it increases the strength. for those who want to use the adhesives.
@hmb hi there, thanks a lot for your comment. unfortunately, we cannot afford at this time to replace all wallmounts for backers. we are happy to help troubleshoot some solutions for your specific wall if you want to e-mail felix directly at felix@senic.com.
@creator: jo chen asked "will you provide the updated wallmounts" and i'd like to hear your comment about that. i'm wondering about this because i paid extra for the wall mounts and would like to receive the ones that can be attached on a wall using a screw rather than using glue or tape.
@jo hi jo, thanks a lot for your comment. you can use the double sided tape we provided to put the wallmount on a non- metallic wall. if your walls are too rough, i would try to attach the tape to the metal part of the wallmount rather then the plastic part.  if you have any questions, also feel free to contact me directly felix@senic.com
@senic: will you provide the updated wallmounts to the earlier nuimo receivers as well? i could not hang it to the wall yet because of the missing mounting options for non-metallic walls. thanks!
i think it is the heat. that's what happened to my nuimo.  thankfully it didn't have far to fall! so no damage.
@gajdur: possible already with our mac app, planned for our mobile apps in the next months!
@senic: any chance to have ifttt, webhooks or http requests?
@bastien @niels @andreas @klaus hi guys! i'm super sorry to hear this. we’ve been testing further to find out what the problem is exactly. also, the newest generation of wallmounts comes with 2 holes so you can screw them into your walls. three reasons the wallmount might be compromised is 1. not enough pressure on the dots while attaching (pressure is activating the glue) 2. extreme heat (bad for the glue) 3. problems from the supplier side (i'm contacting them right now). i’d love to discuss with you guys if there are some environmental reasons for this or you have other ideas please let me know (felix@senic.com). i will be sure to keep you in the loop as we find a solution.
@jonathan: it's easy – simply implement a bluetooth low energy connection using ble library for arduino and study nuimo's gatt profile at www.senic.com/developers (pdf file). send an email to developers@senic.com if you need further support.
hi scenic - beautiful product, though looking to use them with a bluetooth 4 module and an arduino. any ideas? as i don't have recent bt radios in my computers at home this is my only hope of giving it a good use.  care to share info on how you did the bong demo??
@niels... same as me then. that was just a sort of confirmation : the problem is not the paint.
@bastien the dots (all 3) remained on the wall. so it's not the paint or anything
i think (and i said so long time ago) that it is not the best idea to have a device like nuimo attached to a wall by sticky pads, as a wall surface usually is either paint or wallpaper which both wouldn't feature perfect adhesion to the underground. it doesn't hep the case either that the molded plastic of nuimo's wall mount isn't a plain solid surface and thus reduces the area the stickers could stick to, which means bottlenecj is on both ends but that's not really the point here. it is for a reason that each and every unit i ever seen intended for wall mounting has these holes that would slip over a screw head and then slide into a narrower part to securtly hold it in place - everyone beside numio, that is, and i have been wondering why senic did decide not to follow the beaten track here. my solution on this for now is to screw a solid iron plate to the wall and stick the wall mount to it. this improves the wall moutn in 2 concerns: for one, using additional double side adhesive, the wall mount stays in place. secondly, due to the higher mass of magnetic material, nuimos magnets hold it better in place then before. it comes at the expense of not perfect looks as you can spot the metal plate.
hi, @niels and andreas : could you maybe please confirm one thing : when it happened, the fixing dots remained with the nuimo or on the wall in your respective case ? on my side, all 3 dots remained on the wall... just trying to understand where the 'bottleneck' is...
hi, same happened to me. i just fixed the backplate and the dots again with some glue - hanging until now. would be more confident with screws
hi @niels and @senic it happened almost exactly the same to me : few days ago, i've been realizing during the lunch that the nuimo was dangerously hanging : one of the 3 adhesives had failed (the top one) and the backplate was about to fall on the floor with nuimo on it !!!! luckily for me, i've seen it early enough and i've taken nuimo out of it. now, the point is : niels, i have unfortunately the same opinion : i cannot rely on these adhesives anymore... (and, like you, my nuimo/backplate were fixed for weeks before this happened). @senic : i'm sorry, i really don't want to blame you but truly, the adhesives seem not to be enough guys... i'm scared you would finally get lots of such reports over time if we continue to stick with such adhesives...  king regards, bastien
hi, i just found my nuimo with its mounting backplate on our floor. it fel of the wall with all three adhesive dots still stuck at the wall. i have to come to the conclusion that the backplate can not handle the weight after a period of time. i can not use these adhesives again and if i could i wouldn't trust it again. please advise what to do with this situation. p.s. i just came home to fetch something and don't know if the nuimo survived the fall. i saw a but of paint was missing but other than that i didn't have time to check on it. kind regards a disappointed niels.
@jonathan: i had the same problem. and spend much time in understanding the protocol, debugging code and such. maybe you can use a bit i wrote down here: https://gleichrichter.wordpress.com/ (shameless self advertisement ;-) it's mainly linux/dbus related. but i also collected some hints and tricks. maybe it also helps to play on linux with the debugging tools you to see what you have to do/how it should be formatted. and in the next step transfer it to the adruino. at most it helped to have two terminals open. one was sniffing the bt-stack (dbus-monitor --system) and on the other run my code and watch the communication.
hi scenic team.  i have started to think about using the nuimo for a proprietary control link. essentially i want to connect a btle module (nrf51822) to an arduino type processor which can manage the nuimo and output rs-232 commands to a piece of audio gear.  just need a few commands that are translated to specific serial commands.  where is a good place to  start to look for info on this - i have absolutely no idea about gatt profiles and such, and the gong project had no info about the electronics.    any pointers? jon
@jonny hey jonny, this is aravinth, embedded systems engineer at senic. this is already fixed and on the next app release (within a week) you will get this fix. if you have any questions, please feel free to send us a direct email to hi@senic.com
has there been a firmware update yet to limit gesture controls sending sonos volume to atmospheric levels and waking up all neighbours within a 5 mile radius?
@matthew hey matthew, tobias here, one of the co-founders. before i address your point, please understand that i am a backer of multiple campaigns myself and one of the primary reasons we built nuimo is to use it for ourselves. that of course means that i would love to have all these integrations myself as soon as possible. now that said, these things take time.  • we've taken a lot of time to explain this in our updates.  • we've had dozens of our backers over at our office so they can get a deeper understanding of this.  • we consistently ship updates on all fronts: firmware, ios, android, osx and sdks for developers. we have more integrations planned but you need to understand that each of these things take months of full time work. and when i say full time work, i mean at least 10h a day and mostly 6 days a week. i apologize that not everything is there from day 1 but i can promise you that we're working as hard as possible to deliver more features and integrations and we have shown you guys that we consistently push updates. so from one backer to the other, pleas don't see the negative in this. please see it for what crowdfunding really is. it is a way for people not to rely on huge corporations. it is a way for creatives to turn their simple ideas into a reality. and you guys are the reason this is possible. we're not a big company and you are not a normal customer. we're people who believe in changing something and you are the ones who make that long but worthy journey possible buy backing those people with their idea. so thanks again for the support and if you have any questions, please feel free to send us a direct email to hi@senic.com. best, tobias
i'm still extremely disappointed in the nuimo.  all the promise of all those integrations and the ios app has next to nothing and has had no new integrations added since launch, as far as i can tell. the senic website still has a misleading image of nest, on a nuimo, through an ios device despite me alerting them to this false marketing over a month ago! i'm quickly learning that the promises of a kickstarter are not to be trusted.  wait for a full release and a review.  beautiful, well manufactured hardware with poor software support makes a product that has limited use.
hey fellow nuimomos! i had bought 2 nuimos but i really only need one, so if anyone is interested i have one to spare. made a little promo video for it which contains my contact details: https://youtu.be/tstf1j-nriy (i live in the netherlands, in the amsterdam area.)
hi @senic... err yes thanks for posting the exact same link i posted 1 july ;)  just scroll down this comments board...
@jonny: imacs from late 2012 and after have already ble support already built-in. they work out-of-the-box, no need for a dongle. imacs before late 2012 might be upgradable with a ble dongle, some other older imacs need a new airport extreme wi-fi card. source: https://github.com/dokterdok/continuity-activation-tool/
@senic i think you mean @jonny not @klaus ! and to correct your post: it seems that imacs after late 2012 are indeed able to upgrade to ble. it is only older imacs that struggle to work with ble usb dongles.
@klaus so far all nuimo users with older macbooks (before late 2012) were able to upgrade their old bluetooth classic to bluetooth low energy. apple has done a great job since it works out of the box in mostly all of the cases by simply plugging in a ble usb dongle. in your case however i understand that your 2007 imac has a built-in bluetooth classic and now you're having a hard time to replace it because by disabling your built-in bluetooth you will inevitably make your wireless keyboard disconnect. we're already talking through our customer support and i'm looking forward to continue support there with you.
@klaus i'm not blaming senic but simply correcting them when they make rash statements saying it will work! just read what senic wrote below and why this is misleading.  i would not want others to assume the same. i've spent many hours trying to get my imac to work following various dead-end links but none allow my older imac to work with a ble dongle. i'm on my 3rd csr/csl dongle. i've downloaded bt dev tools, pushed terminal commands, you name it. remember we don't all know our tech inside out or appreciate that older macs won't work with newer technology. as to whether senic should help well yes i think it makes sense for try make suggestions which they are doing.  that's just good customer care and senic are developing this product so also good they get customer feedback when things don't work.
i can understand @johnny's frustration but ble as requirement was quite evidently stated on the campaign. i think it's unfair to put the blame on senic that older macs do nor seem to support usb ble/bt 4.x adaptors and make them source a solution. just my 2cents, and, as said with full understanding of the situation. (btw. the campaign also dind't state windows support and still i happily backed 2 without mac os machine in house, knowing i had to wait some more or possibly forever to use it in cubase on my pc).
i saw a nice,tilted wood base for nuimo somewhere. is this something you guys are making? if so,how do i get one?
tobias yes lars has been helping but no luck i'm afraid. spent another hour trying this evening to no avail.
@jonny  this might have different reasons as well such as the os you're running but in general there shouldn't be a problem. have you contacted us directly through hi@senic.com? happy to help directly. tobias
@andreas what wad the issue? we posted another update. thanks, tobias
@senic - please don't state "any cheap "ble 4.0 usb dongle" labeled with "csr" or "csl" works fine" as that's not true. i'm on my third dongle after following your suggestions and no, with older mac you simply can't use these.   i've a nuimo sitting idle at the moment until i decide to upgrade my mac to a newer model.
@senic: so? 3 days quiet again. what about updates and the forum?
@andreas coming up :)
@senic any news when there will be a new update? also i cant see all threads anymore on the forum!
@senic -thanks looking forward to it. keep upthe good work, you guys do rock!
@klaus – thanks for your feedback! we're still improving the firmware in general and the fly sensor in particular. we will actually change the sensor behavior in a way where you can increase and decrease the brightness, volume etc. in much smaller steps instead of setting absolute values as it is right now. we'll ship this firmware update as usual with all available nuimo apps.
@ferd – any cheap "ble 4.0 usb dongle" labeled with "csr" or "csl" works fine. they upgrade a raspberry pi and also older macs without built-in ble easily. costs around 8 euros. please let us know if you have further questions.
@senic "when taking away your hand from the fly sensor [...] make sure to not lift your hand up or down."  and that's exactly the part i find almost impossible to do, especially with such sensitive parameters as brightness and volume. there's always an disturbing amount of alteration.  what i suggest was a small window of, say 250ms-500ms if no change is been detected which then blinks the current setting indicator and trigers a 1s timeout.  this way one could make the desired adjustment, leave hand in postition until the indicator blinks and then retract.
@senic. do you have a suggestion for a ble usb adapter that is supported in linux on my raspi, and that is actually available in europe? would be appreciated :)
@klaus – when taking away your hand from the fly sensor after changing brightness or volume, please make sure to not lift your hand up or down. otherwise it will still change the volume or brightness. simply take your hand away horizontally from nuimo and your values will be locked in. please let us know if that helps!
@senic - thanks for the response. seems i didn't express clear enough about the flyover. my problem is this: it is almost impossible to adjust brighness/volume as the sensor does not stop where iti had set it to when removing my hand. i can perfectly adjust the brightness, but as sson as i draw back, the sensor takes this as an alteration and the lights change from what i want them to be at.
@klaus – thanks a lot for your feedback! the fly sensor already automatically deactivates after 1 minute of inactivity. alternatively you can disable the fly sensor earlier by touching the fly sensor again for another 2 seconds – please let us know if that helps. we've taken notes about your proposals for an advanced hue control. while we can eventually provide more advanced control for hue, we're concentrating on finishing and shipping a bunch of new integrations for nuimo right now.
i have a hard time putting the "flyover" gesture to good use. no matter what i assign it to (eg. dimming for hue or volume for audio it doesn't really perform useful as the recognition comtinues to detect hand movement afterwards. as of now i could imagine using this as osme sort of theremin but beyond that i can't see a suitable application. am i alone with that? i think there needs to be a speed window in which movemetn is detected or a timeout, so if you keep hand position longer than half a second it gets disabled until you rapidly move your hand again. another thing i'd like to see is a more flexible way to arrange commands that are already or a going to be implemented - hue groups and even mor - scenes! will be highly welcomed). what i mean in deatil is the ability to assign eg dim down/up by some increments (say10%) to (swipe) left/right, in-/decrease white balance, toggle through scenes (required to put hue control to actual use) or even toggle 2 scenes with the clicker (as we know, hue doesn't allow to assign custom white temperature or even brightness as default and the "white" after switching on (or connecting through nuimo for that matter) is all but cozy and pleasant. what i'd like to be able is assigning a special preset (like 50% brightness 2200k) for selected bulbs (or group) when clicking once and then "off" to the same group when clicking again. when "on" all that turning the wheel (or flyover) was dimming the lights at the set white temperature. needless to say, with the current implementation it would be of great benefit if one could not only control the "hue" but also just the white temperature. and while my imagination goes off i envision a configuation that allows to change the white balance simultaneosly with the brightness. imagine a setting where one would start at 3000k@70% and there were steps to dim down by 10% while simultaneously alter the tempreature  by 100k. this would overcome a big set-off of led lights as the light gets warmer when dimming or colder when brightning up! of course, it would be great if the nuimo app itself had some functionality to configure and/or control but i understand that could be a challenge to realize. so, what i'd suggest looking at hue pro which is - imho - by far the best and versatile app out there and recently available on ios as well.
@hmb philips hue groups will be supported, soon. already working on that.
@jack: can you please send a mail to support@senic.com? we will help you personally there.
@hmb: we're working on a firmware feature that will show a warning when battery is low. when battery is low, it will not allow to connect until it's charged. battery levels will be also adjusted – nuimo comes with a more powerful battery than original planned, that's why we need to recalibrate battery measuring – ships via firmware update, too.
update, if i press nuimos button, all of the applications are stopped. please advice.
i am using imac os x el capitan with nuimos, however, when i add google chrome from nuimos application and i tried any one of the gestures, the nuimos application got stopped and not working for 5-10 minutes. if i tried it again, the issue still came out. can't do anything from this product yet.
two issues with the current firmware: - when the battery is almost empty then nuimo doesn't show a "battery empty" icon but it keeps restarting until it doesn't boot anymore - when nuimo initially connects it reports that the battery is 100% full although actually it is not (when nuimo is almost empty it e.g. jumps from 100% to 7% later)
@creator: about the light groups i meant that "light groups" sound as groups within the same system. for example i only have philips hue. in the philips hue api and app there is a concept of groups and rooms. it would be pleasant if you could control a specific group of lights or specific lights without needing to have multiple manufacturers for that.
@hmb thanks a lot for your feedback – preparing to open-source the apps still takes preparation as we need to remove sensitive data from the source code, update licenses, etc. for the next few weeks we focus on adding a few more integrations. open-sourcing is still on our todo list, though. you'll find light groups on nuimo itself – when you add multiple integrations to your nuimo (e.g. 2+ light apps), nuimo will show a little indicator that helps understanding which of these light apps/groups you're controlling right now. we're however still planning to also provide custom led icons. firmware updates will not show version changes for now due to limited resources. we'll however let you know through our newsletters what has changed. websites should be back since weekend.
@adam - we are fixing reconnect issues in this round of update so things should be better very soon!
@andreas - sorry for the slow response. we will get you all set up with a new backplate asap. sorry for the inconvenience.
@johnny - please do! i think we can help you trouble shoot over at support@senic.com
hi. wrote you an email but didnt get an response yet so trying this way: some morning last week my nuimo and the wallmount just laid on the floor. luckily the nuimo seems to still work but my floor got a decent scratch. but most: the wallmount seems to be broken? the metallic plate got loose. i mounted the wallmount just as described so no failure here any chance to get an replacement for the broken wallmount.? and just as warning to others - maybe put a pillow under your wallmounted nuimo ;-) and 2nd question as i am writing here: what about new updates? (scroll sensitivity settings, sonos max volume settings, more integrations, wake up bug, ....) best regards
don't try to update nuimo using a ios 10 device! it doesn't work... use 9.3
still can't use the nuimo properly as it doesn't function with old macs. i'm also gavin problems with ios on iphone with sonos. i will email you the screenshot.
@creator: some feedback: - cool that you started working on the windows version! i posted some hints for the desktop automation issues you might encounter at https://github.com/getsenic/nuimo-windows-demo/issues/1 - when will you open source your apps so that we can start contributing? the action preset repo is a good start but it is only for os x - your website is down (all pages except for the homepage) and that means also the pages that are now embedded in the app (e.g. the support page) - the app update for ios said that it supports light groups but i can't find that functionality in the app - it would be nice if the firmware upgrade screen would explain which improvements the upgrade contains
@adam - can you send us an e-mail at support@senic.com? we're working on fixing the issue that appears as a sleep function now. thanks for your feedback - we hope this wont be a problem for much longer.
@drohhyn - we will be shipping them in 3 weeks. more details in next update.
so after having my nuimo for a few weeks i thought i'd post my thoughts here, it's useless. why do i have to pick up my phone, unlock it, load the nuimo app to bring my nuimo back to life (once it enters deep sleep the only way to wake it is via the on/off switch or via the app) just to be able to control an app on my phone???  why don't i just skip nuimo and use my phone???  useless. on a brighter note i think the hardware is fantastic (apart from the rough edge around the glass disc).
@senic: when will the additional accessories be shipped?
@senic thanks for suggesting another usb dongles and i will do as you suggest and buy a 2nd "csr" version but as per link i already posted below regarding mac os continuity upgrade, i think my old mac is just too old. so i suspect this will be a waster exercise.
@christopher - in sonos menu bar under help go to 'keyboard shortcuts'
@christopher - navigate to the right hand menu and swipe over "my nuimo" and click 'disconnect'
@jeroen - check out senic.com/forum for suggestions/feedback and to talk with us.
hey @jonny - sorry for the late response. we've had a good luck with ble dongles and os x. these are the ones we are using in the office for older macs: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss… we recommend dongles labeled “csl” or "csr" for mac/os x.
@senic: well i guess no reply means you agree that the ble dongle is not a workable for old macs. have you other suggestion of ble compatible interfaces as the device is not getting much use at the mo.
@jaroen, there is a forum at https://senic.freshdesk.com/support/discussions
@klause thanks very much for the tip, i was able to successfully pair the nuimo with my macmini. are there any further instructions available for getting sonos to work with the nuimo osx app? unlike the ios app, the osx app does not automatically try to detect wireless devices, and rather asks you to manually add applications. i added the sonos desktop controller application, but the gestures are all blank and require custom shortcuts or scripts, neither of which i can find documentation about. do you have any ideas? thanks again!
@senic can't you create a forum? so that developers can share projects and knowledge. and so that users can give developers input and ask for help...
as @senic have mentioned in reply to @mike if you're using sonos you have to deselect any "bridges" you may have on your system showing up as speakers. then volume controls will work again.  i thought i had this sussed until i realised the nuimo app had located more bridges!
for anyone trying to get the senic app working on an old mac with a ble usb dongle do first check that your mac is compatible!  any pre 2011 macs have issues running continuity which is essential to power ble. you'll need to apply the continuity activation software patch to the system. if you've a old 2008 mac for example you will need to upgrade the airport extreme card inside your mac. the dongle won't work however hard you try. or at least that's the conclusion i've reached. if you're interested in the compatibility chart, just visit https://github.com/dokterdok/continuity-activation-tool/
sorry for the typo. the requiremetn is bt 4.0le, of course
qchristopher - it's bluetooth le (ble) you don't need to (un)pair via the system settings, just close the app and shut down the background task (or simply disable bluetooth). when the bt emblem starts blinking you should be able to pair with any other device - as lon as it supports bt 43.0le that is - i hope your macmini does so.
@senic are there instructions available regarding how to un-pair nuimo bluetooth from my iphone? the 'i' icon is missing in the ios bluetooth settings for nuimo. i didn't realize i could pair nuimo with my mac mini instead of my iphone... please help.
@mike - are you using a sonos bridge with ios? we found a bug here where you need to deselect the sonos bridge. working on a fix for this now but feel free to shoot us a mail at support@senic.com and we can help you troubleshoot.
@rajesh - check out our faq we have videos for adding apps and enabling gesture sensor - www.senic.com/faq
i just received my device today. the packaging,  the presentation and the device look very professional. i'm not sure my expectations are too high or i didn't understand the product i was purchasing but the only thing i currently can do with the device is play and control pandora. i really need to have a windows driver so i can control my pc and applications. is there a timeline for such a driver to be ready for use? thank you for the good work and hope to hear from you soon, chris note: @rajesh, you have to cover the dot on the top for 2 sec or so to turn on gesture control.
@creator senic, i just got mine today and am so excited. its a charm !! after playing around for a while, i started facing some issues: * gesture control wont work *i cant get to add my apple tv, samsung tv or even youtube. can you make a short video or guide on how to add apps/gadgets to the nuimo app. please. thank you
glad to finally get my nuimo today. lovely hardware - but - like ryan from 3 days ago, sonos push to pause and play works but volume ring and hand gestures do nothing. settings are correct for volume. also, only 1/2 of my sonos speakers show up in the app - it just keeps scanning for more speakers.
i too find the same as alexander g. the edges look like there is some sort of film on top of the nuimo and swipe gestures sometimes take a couple of tries to work or sometimes needing to rotate the ring first and then do a swipe gesture
@gavin please download the latest version from senic.com/app - that should solve it.
@dan harvey: yes, cover the small dot on the nuimo with your finger for 2 seconds to turn them on. it says so in their faq :) @senic: is there a protective sheet on the glass panel of the nuimo? the ring/encoder is working perfectly but the swipe gestures need a couple of tries to get them to register. also the edge of the glass panel looks very rough and unfinished (that's why i thought there might be a protective sheet on it).
can't seem to work the 'gesture' controls. do i need to turn them on first? using with ios and sonos.  thanks.
hi. os x app update (1-4-1) not opening for me at all. app was working fine before update. just wondering how it may be fixed? thanks
seamless link to sonos push to pause and play works but volume ring and hand gestures do nothing.  why would volume not work, settings are correct for volume.
@jonny ble usb dongles work out-of-the-box with os x and are available for less than 10 dollars. check these on amazon: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss… we have made very good experience with dongles labeled “csl” or "csr" for mac/os x - usually they never mention os x in their production description because they’re not considering older macs any more but they should work!
@rizea please e-mail us at hi@senic.com thanks :)
@griffen - send us an e-mail at hi@senic.com and we will fix you up asap!
hy! like a backer, if i want to buy another one, i can order with a discount? if yes how can i proceed?
@scenic what a brilliant piece of kit. beautifully designed and works flawlessly out of the box. well done guys! question on osx integration as i have an old mac without ble support and all the dongles i see advertised online say they are not compatible with mac. so after installing the osx app and your message states "your mac doesn't support bluetooth low energy - consider connecting a ble usb dongle" what do you mean exactly? works perfectly using ios on iphone!
ahh! im was so excited to see that it had finally arrived!! alas i feel like my nuimo arrived broken in the mail, are there any steps to get it available to me to get a working nuimo? the front circular panel was literally is falling out of the device when i unboxed it.  i can't get any of the gestures to work after installing the application on my mac other than rotating the wheel to adjust volume.
please integration for tp-link smart plug hs100 and for smart switch hs200. application on android and ios is "kasa for tp-link". thank you!
@martin: i doubt the concept and integrated upc of nuimo would ever allow to be a completely autonomous device - maybe soemwehn ion the furture, but that'sa long way down and then it wil come at a considerable mark up. @mutlidevice household: ble devices will hold the last active connection, when this connection is lost nuimo will pulse the bluetooth emblem, enabling bt on antoher device that was previously connected (on ble this is not through the global system / bt settings but the according (nuimo) app) should then reconnect and be available as hub for nuimo. and to answer that: the configuration is exactly here. you need to connect to your hue bridge with each nuimo app on each device. this may appear as a low downer but in fact yopur daughter might setup the app to controll lights and music just for her room, while you may control everything (but your daughter's room, of course ;) ). as said the base would be a frugal android like an obsolete smrtphone or android media player ... hmm has anyone tried to sideload nuimo onto an amazon fire tv?
@klaus: well, i guess i should read the description of the projects i back more carefully.  i just really liked the idea of a smart, beautiful, easy to use and independent controller for all the iot/smarthome devices... controlling even the simplest function of every device with a separate app is just a pain, this is mostly a novelty feature and not for everyday use.  so i guess i could get an android device, just to act as a bridge. hmmm...  but how is the general user case? i live in a 5-person household, with 4 smartphones. assuming everyone has an idevice or an android would i need to configure the nuimo app on each and every one of them? since maybe my kids want to change the light when i am not at home (or out of range of the nuimo, we have a big house)? where is the config stored? do i have to update all the devices if i make a configuration change? how does nuimo determine to which phone to connect? what if only grandma is home? i think a “base station” is really needed, or a wifi module . well it is a very beautiful paperweight for the time being, and maybe the v2 will have wifi :) thanks for your help!
@martin: i am afraid you really missed something very essential. nuimo was always desinged (and promoted so) as a bluetooth le device. so it's absolutely depending on the presence and connection to a ble host - currently this can be an ios device, android or mac. you amy be able to run android from withina vm running on your pc or nas and with nathan's effort in creating a node.js module there might be a bright perspective of having nuimo host app running as plug in on qnap and synology, whre you could define your own ifttt or html codes, domoticz or other ha apps... for the time being, i would recommend getting an el cheapo android device with ble support.
hi again, so i borrowed an iphone for setup. i want to control serveral lifx bulbgroups (yup, only having a single icon is somewhat problematic) this worked, but only as long as my friend with his iphone was around...? as soon as he left nuimo went back to being a papwerweight.  did i miss something? is nuimo not supposed to connect to my wifi? and control the bulbs from there? did i miss a step during setup? bluetooth the only option? thanks for any help! regards martin
@senic just wanted to let you know i've written (and published) a node.js module for the nuimo, from code i'm using in a project of mine (thanks to your ble gatt specs!) it supports everything documented - flying, swiping, button, rotating, battery, led matrix, etc. code is here: https://github.com/nathankunicki/nuimojs npm module is published here: https://www.npmjs.com/package/nuimojs thanks for an awesome device! i may be buying another in my future. :)
sorry something went wrong there... i meant to say... hi, what a lovely piece of kit! i've tried it on apple music so far as that's all i can at the moment but am looking forward to new integrations over the next weeks and months. three great ones for me would be... 1) nest      2) samsung tv      3) samsung wireless multiroom keep up the great work guys cheers,   ian
hi, what a lovely piece of kit! i've tried it on apple music so far as that's all i can at the moment and am looking forward to more integrations coming along in the next few weeks and months.  two for me would be nest and samsung tv / samsung wireless multiroom please.  keep up the great work :-) cheers,   ian
nice, cool and great quality! easy setup with sonos! the gesture working good but the volym gesture was very scary...you should add so we can customize the steps and set limit. i have 2x1000w rotel mono blocks and a 1400w velodyne subwoofer connected to a sonos connect and incan tell you the family and the cat got real sound chock when tried the volume gesture!
just got it. nice build quality. when will my walnut stand arrive? also is there a way i can control spotify app on my ipad?
@senic, to answer your question : i have several projects which could benefit or nuimo : i'm currently working on the first of them, hacking my (wired) air conditioner to add ble support and use nuimo as a connected thermostat (along with netatmo weather station as temperature sensor). i'm a low-level software developer and, as many, i don't have industrial design skills.... so, nuimo is a perfect general-purpose controller for my projects ! by the way, i'm thinking it could be a good idea to create a maker integration, such as the one ifttt has : i mean, this one could be used by people having dyi projects... but there's a lot of opens to consider while doing such as 'how to forward the nuimo command to such unknown hardware'... ip ? ble ?
[q] senic 1 day ago @klaus: we've designed the apps to switch between different rooms, groups etc. by swiping down on nuimo. we'll however support custom led icons for each room/group via an update.[/q] individual icons are very welcome.  still, i'd think the horizontal approach would be a very comfortable and practical enhancement - list based navigation just feels soooo one-dimensional (and completely inapt to nuimo)  ;)
@ingo - we've forwarded the request to the software team.
@ciaran - yup we will send extra accessories in the next weeks!
hardware looks pretty great, nice quality! no idea about the software, since the integrations are so sparse, at least on android. this desperately needs tasker support. i understand you didn't have time to write many useful integrations in 18 months. (well, i don't really, but let's give 'em that one... ) but if you'd just make a tasker extension, all this would be moot. here's how: http://tasker.dinglisch.net/developers.html
received today and so far very impressed :) just wondering when the stand i ordered will come, are they coming separately? might have been mentioned before but can't remember! :(
@basitian! thanks for the congrats - we are super excited to see nuimo in the hands of backers :) yes we know we have a way to go on software but we are being very careful with prioritizing and building. please let us know how you use nuimo in your projects :)
@martin - yup, this will all be easier once we make the update for custom symbols.
@senic - great - assume this will also be the case for hue too? same situation here that need to swipe between group of lights but currently no idea of knowing what group is selected.
@nathan: values 0-3 are used for directed fly movements. value 4 is sent when the hand is moved up or down. in that case the 2nd byte reports the distance of your hand as you have found - we'll update the gatt documentation to reflect that. forth and back movements aren't detected with the precision that we want - if you want reliable results you should process only left and right and up/down movements. we're still tuning the firmware to increase the precision of fly detection - a firmware update will be available shortly.
@klaus: we've designed the apps to switch between different rooms, groups etc. by swiping down on nuimo. we'll however support custom led icons for each room/group via an update.
@martin: right now we always use the same led icon for all sonos groups. we're planning on giving you a chance to change the led icon if you are controlling independent sonos groups with one nuimo via an app update soon.
@nathan - 1. yes, the device name will always be “nuimo”. this is how nuimo ble devices can be always identified. 2. every device has a unique id – the technical term is mac address.
@senic team : congratulations. i got mine this morning and you've done an amazing piece of hardware (it really feels high quality product). for sure, there are still a lot to be done on sw integrations front, but i'm very respectful of the work you've done till now. good job team ! i'll start playing/working with it and provide feedback once applied to my projects.
also, another couple of questions. 1. can i guarantee that the "local name" of the device is always "nuimo"? or will users eventually be able to set their own name? i guess what i'm asking is if i should use this to detect if the device is indeed a nuimo, or should i check the available services, or something else? 2. is the device uuid unique per device?
hi guys, thanks very much, my nuimo arrived this morning! all seems to be working as intended! i have an observation regarding the bluetooth lt gatt profile you have on your site, specifically for flying gestures. you state that on the notification the first byte is direction (0 = left, 1 = right, 2 = backwards, 3 = towards), but i'm never getting 2 and 3 triggered. instead all i'm getting 0, 1 and *4* - when it's 4, the second byte appears to be the distance my hand is away from the sensor. the notification keeps happening until my hand is removed. is this intended? are 2 and 3 implemented at all, or are we meant to deduce the towards/back motion based on time series of hand distanced from the sensor?
aside you already might (?) even be able on a mac to edit symbols for identical classes (and if so, also for the ios/android widgets?), i previously  suggested to have those "groups" or "rooms" arranged horizontally, so that one can swipe vertically through the different device classes until the bulb shows you're in "hue mode" (controlling whatever you have assigne to that first page, a swipe to the left would light up a symbol for dinner table (which logically would control the lamps there), another horizontal swipe a "door" for hallway.... would be nice
i may be missing something here but if for example i have added hue twice to control two sets of lights. i can change between devices on the nuimo but i have no way of knowing what group of hue lights i am on as the icon is the same? maybe a way of changing the icon or some other way of letting you know what device you are about to interact with. i have same issue with separate sonos rooms - added individually on nuimo app but no way of knowing which one on the unit itself
@creator: let me say i absolutely apreciate your ongoing commitment to the project and i fully understand how challenging proper software development is with only a small team at hand - especially when looking at bringing the same level of functionality to several platforms.  thanks for that!  honestly, even if my actual range of applications is still very low i prefer holding my breath for refinement rather than a quick and dirty and then bail out solution. i agree, there was more on the list, when we all backed, but i have absolute faith that you are still aiming for the big strike and going into mass market. as you say, being the biggest challenge, hardware needed to come first. and for a first  i deem the couple of months very little delay - especially when lookinhg at the result, so my sincere congratulations here! and, butter bei die fisch, who of us would have liked to wait until software was more mature rather than have this thing at home to play with it? still, i see you have not commited a developer to windows support and with regards to the comments and market penetration i think this is something you should not neglect.
@senic thanks, i do look forward to the updates and the device itself is beautifully made.
@matthew understood. we'll try to make it more explicit that these things are in the process of being built. again, these issues will be solved in a few weeks though and the fastest way is to get your guys' feedback on what to focus on.  we have android tv on the list. we'll let you know as soon as it is available. thanks!! tobias
@senic thanks for the reply. my issue isn't really with the technical side of not having the apps but more with the marketing.  you own website has an image of nest added to the ios app and no disclaimer to say it is not available immediately.  nest has been on the campaign page since the beginning.  it is very misleading. could you add to your suggestions android tv apps?  i have my nvidia shield tv on 24 hours a day and would make an ideal nuimo hub.
@matthew thanks for the comment! we've been talking a lot about this in the past updates but here is another summary. building hardware and software takes time (when you walk into an electronics store, you can safely assume that any of the product take >1 year to develop). this counts especially for something like nuimo, where software never stops as we build more and more integration. so the only choice you really have is to keep the hardware back another few months until the software is built which i don't believe is in anyone's interest. it's also a smarter process to send out hardware with basic software first, get feedback and then build the software according to user requests. currently we have 1 developer for ios and osx (he writes both apps) and 1 developer for android which totals our team size to 10 people. as you can imagine, even with low salaries, this is very expensive so you need to prioritize with the given resources you have. we've promised that we push constant updates and we've kept that promise. we've already implemented more integrations, ui improvements, technical improvements, tutorials, a developer community etc  if you use your mac for example, you already have access to hundreds of integrations! as for the other ones, they will all come one at a time.  hue we released last week for example, nest is in progress (there were a number of technical issues with this). i hope this makes it more understandable. in a few weeks all of these issues will be solved. the fastest way to solve this however is to get your support and feedback on what to build next. please send all feature requests, bugs etc. to hi@senic.com thanks for understanding and the support! tobias
mine arrived today and the device is very nice but i must admit, i'm disappointed... firstly, i paid extra for a wall mount and they all now come with one (i don't believe this was the case when i backed).  had i realised this i would've ordered a stand rather than have two wall mounts. secondly, and more importantly, there's so few systems supported.  you've had the nest logo on the campaign since the start if i remember correctly and yet it is not here on the device?  the campaign states 'we have built 30+ integrations for nuimo' - where are they?  i can't see apple tv or samsung tv either.  maybe i'm missing an option somewhere?  was logitech harmony hub not mentioned also?
@phil, glad you had a nice surprise! you can check out our senic.com/faq and quick start blog https://medium.com/@senic/nuimo-beta-downloading-the-app-and-getting-started-e9b7c389fd47#.if4m3fvvi we'll look into making a wall mount faq for you! good idea.
hi. a surprise arrived today all shinny and silver. i did not get any tracking updates at all so hopefully others will turn up shortly. not had time to test but it feels a very solid premium product. well done, have to look at the 'how to' guides to work out how to fix the backing place to the wall �
@jean-stefane, as we said in our last update we expect to finish kickstarter backer orders this week, so you should get your tracking number later this week.
@creator - i was wondering if you could give your north american backers an update on shipping. as backer #949 with two devices i have still not received my tracking info. when do you expect to finish shipping to canada/us backers? thank you.
@bastien - no worries :) glad you found it.
@stevens thanks!!! super excited to hear you like it :d
@niels - could you send us a photo to hi@senic?
@timothy - we will add this to our integrations request lists!
@martin looking into windows sdk now and support going forward, we will update as soon as there is a firm timeline.
@andreas, we are planning every two weekly updates through our campaign page - meaning we will let you guys know what updates there have been to software every two weeks. you can check out the update we posted last week for the latest on the software side. we understand your concern however please understand our team is working very hard to make updates to osx, andorid and ios as fast as possible but we will need your support and your patience.
hi guys, what's about weekly software updates as promised? the last update for ios is from end of may, so two weeks without a progress. nuimo is a nice crafted piece of hardware, but without a proper support for certain applications as promised in your campaign it's almost useless. thanks.
sorry, it was just 119 usd.. :)
hi, just received my nuimo, but i am a little dissapointed since i cannot do anything with it. i do not own any apple or android devices, so setup is a bit hard..  some webbased or windows tool would come in handy. basically i have a 150 eur paperweight now :(. any plans for a windows setupapp? does not even have to be uwp, just anything…? best regards martin
@creator any possibility of integration with the broadlink rm pro to control light switches and other stuff?
is the top layer a peel of plastic? i'm not sure :-s
i just received mine! beautiful! the wall mount just works although a structured wall will give a challenge. i'm very happy with the product.
received mine today. what a beautiful piece of design. you feel it's quality. it works great with my sonos and hue for some basic functions. finally a kickstarter project that works!
oups :-) thx
@basiten - great news! you can also click "english version" at the bottom of the page to see it in english.
hi, confirmed on my side : i got the notification on june 13 and could finally see the tracking info since this morning. however, the tracking info does not tend to say that the package is on its way, but rather says that it will be dispatched today (well, i don't speak german very well :-))... see : die sendung wurde am 17.06.2016 im internationalen logistikzentrum frankfurt zur weiterbeförderung nach frankreich übergeben. weitere informationen stellt auch das postunternehmen des ziellandes auf der eigenen homepage zur verfügung. anyway, it's a matter of few days now :-)
update on the missing tracking information from june 13 (@phil, @reichi): our shipper has informed us there was a scanning issue on the way out of frankfurt which caused a number of the international shipments to have a tracking number but not appear with tracking information. this has now been fixed, packages are already on their way and the tracking info will appear over the next few hours (if it has not already). note: it may take slightly longer to appear for non-european backers. sorry for this inconvenience. thanks again for your patience :)
hi guys. thanks for the update re shipping as mine 2 brings back no information so hopefully info will appear by tomorrow. looking forward to receiving this great little device. phil
@creator: thank you! you are the best!
same as reichi... but @senic : got the point, i'll wait for the tracking to appear. anyway, i'm very happy to know that the device is on its way :-) and impatient to play with it.
@ciaran - we cant wait either!! :d
hey reichi - there was an issue with our shipper that affected a few dozen devices. the problem has since been solved however they need about 24 hours for shipping info to appear still. we apologize about this - but your nuimo is on the way.
got the shipping email a few days ago. but the tracking link always shows: no information found!
got my shipping email today! can't wait to get to grips with this!!
@niels - we are excited for you to use it too!!
@rizea - just added to our feature request list! thanks :)
please integrate sesame smartlock by candy house
i've received the "your nuimo has been sent" email. i'm looking forward using it.
hey scott - check out senic.com/faq for enabling fly gestures. have forwarded your other suggestions to the software team. thanks for the feedback!
hey @jeroen - great news! cant wait to hear what you think :)
@senic got my shipping information today. thnx
some more comments: - statements like "works with sonos" feel a little misleading. i doesn't directly work with sonos. it always has to go through a device, which is much more cumbersome than if it worked directly with e.g. sonos. - any chance you can deliver the mac app through the app store so that i don't have to go hunting for updates? at least the app should provide a "search for updates" feature. - i'm getting the impression that a mac is a side show. the discussions sound like ios is the assumed default. - i agree that the wall mount should provide a way to screw it to the wall. i don't have any walls where the stickers are any good.
also how about adding support for a double tap and long tap?
received mine today and love the fit and finish.   based on my initial observations here are some ideas for for improvement: - document what the various symbols represent on the device - can't seem to get flyway to work.  perhaps i'm not doing it correctly so a video tutorial would be great - how do i know what the battery is charged?  perhaps a status indicator in the mac app to show battery percentage. some ideas for future app mac updates: - ability to use javascript for automation in addition to applescript - how about using existing applescripts on my mac instead of having to type them directly into the small editor the mac app provides - export functionality to share settings as well as for backup purposes. i'm looking forward to future software updates.  the device is a great piece of engineering.
@senic any updates on shipping to the netherlands?
hey guys. there are three magnets inside nuimo and three megnets inside the backplate. they are aligned so nuimo snaps into the right position. all you need to do is mount the backplate so you can clearly read nuimo on it horizontally. as for the mounting of nuimo on the backplate, just make sure that the grey dot on the surface shows roughly north and it will snap in position. nuimo only holds with the grey dot north on purpose. thanks! tobias
@klaus, the orientation of the backplate seems to be related to the placement of the magnets on the plate and the nuimo. from my tests using a left-over screw i concluded that there are 3 magnets in the nuimo and the backplate. the devices' magnets are aligned best if the "nuimo" logo on the backplate and the nuimo's front marker (or the writing on the back) are in the same orientation as the magnets are not distributed over the whole area. in other alignments the grip is not as good or the nuimo does not sit centered on the plate.
@niels: the metal backplate firmly integrates with the white mold and it would be a shame to disrupt by drilling holes through the thing.  @jo: i don't know, this is a neodynium magnet and i would asume it being polarized upside/downside. @senic is stressing the wall mount should be aligned with the nuimo script being upright readable, so there might be something to it we don't know - yet -  i actually do own a polarity probe (for building guitar pups) need to test or @senic can  give some insight.
can someone link one or more pictures of the mount and backside of nuimo please? isn't it possible to drill one or two holes and use this to wall mount the wall mount? thanks in advance.
@klaus, the closest thing i have found so far to what i have in mind is this: http://www.ebay.de/itm/351493974390 a metal piece like this (without the strong magnet maybe) would be sufficient to fix to the wall. it would be covered entirely by the nuimo if attached and the nuimos magnet seems strong enough to keep it there. so no additional wall mount would be in between... maybe there are more visually appealing solutions :)
@jo and creator: jo's take on the wall mount coincides with mine by a 100% (as you can read from my mini round up). it might be that the sticky pads are holding up to their task, but wall paint or plaster is not tighly compounded to the building material. so, in fact the thing would come off with paint securely sticking to it. leave alone it would stick to german's favorite wallpaper, the "raufaser" ;) leaving three patches of missing paint on the wall aside, i wouldn't trust my nuimo to a solution like that and it doesn't do the product justice. as recommended, rather than having ugly screholes in the mout itself, i suggest a metal plate with countersunk screwmounts on could snap (or stick) the existing wll mount onto - that's at least what  i am going to make up for mine. and while at repeating my recommendations: it would be nice to have "groups" of actions and being able to horizontally swipe through different players/lamps/devices per sonos/raumfeld, hue, nets etc...
hi @nuimo, as promised i have tested hue based on the emulator of nuimo (havent received the actual device yet). as @klaus mentioned changing the state of hue's are taking its time. as i suspected the api command transitiontime=0 doesnt seem to be provided with the api call to the hue bridge. the bridge will wait for any transition animations of the hue lamps to finish. the default is 400ms. the delay is multiplied by the amount of hue lights that you are controlling. my advise it to include the "transitiontime":0 api call to provide a better user experience. example: { 	"on": true, 	"bri": 200, 	"transitiontime": 0 }
hey @jo - yes firmware updates are very possible, in fact we will update these through the app and it will flash the new firmware over the air. re: the backplate, you can be assured that we have tested the adhesive pads extensively and they can certainly hold nuimo. we can give you some support wall mounting the device if you send us an e-mail to hi@senic or you can check out the small instruction manual in the package. essentially you just need to remove the clear plastic covers and press the mount firmly to a clean surface (the stamped 'nuimo' logo should be horizontal and righ-side up). let us know if we can help further!
regarding the "wall mount". i've pledged 10$ more to receive one of those. since it was apparently decided later in the campaign to include one with the nuimo i now have two of them. no problem there.. ..but how can you call it a "wall mount" if there is no option to actually attach it to the wall. i would never trust some sticky pads to hold anything - especially no heavy 100$ electronic puck. the magnet in the wall mount can also barely keep the mount itself holding on to a vertical surface. with the nuimo attached it goes down instantly. so, what was the idea behind the wall mounts? why not just put 2 screw holes in it to make it easy for everyone to attach it to a wall?
hello, received the nuimo this week and started to play around with it in combination with the raspberry pi. so far, the sample project gave a good start and i'm beginning to build a controller for my mpd music player. however, the responsiveness of the different sensors is really problematic. the fly-over gestures seem to be quite buggy as they are either not reliable (left / right flyover) or result in hundreds of events that lead to no controllable outcome (up / down gesture) , what worries me more is the swipe gesture because that one is really critical to a good user experience. sometimes it works fine several times in a row but other times (very often) the swipes are not recognized at all and you have to repeat them several times until they are suddenly recognized again. navigation a menu structure becomes very cumbersome if every step is prone to these recognition errors. and no, its not just my hands. i've let other people try it as well with similar results, i hope this behavior can somehow be fixed by software updates (are updates to the device firmware even possible?).
@klaus you are probably right, i am used to waiting by now as you know :-) thanks for your comment. looks like they really did a almost perfect job. i will test hue with the nuimo emulator. commands to hue can be slow when the hue api command transitiontime=0 is not given. i havent tested yet but this is the first thing i think off. @nuimo is the api command transitiontime included when for instance brightness is changed?
thanks! i will have to be a bit more patient then! looking forward to play with nuimo!
@niels - will be with you before neeo ;) i've been playing around with mine (actually 2 :p) the last couple of days. hardware is absolutely stunning, no doubt and argue about that, it oozes commitment to deliver a quality product. very nicely done, guys! i also want to congratulate on the attention to detail on your packaging. like it a lot - it perfectly translates senic being a company with strong technical foothold but economical awareness alike and it still feels very high quality. the whole mechanics is just plain perfect. although i would prefer 3 dents in the ring to make it more suitable for audio/video editing, turns a little tough for a jog wheel and the surface is too smooth to be controlled with onne finger. (future accessory? maybe just a silicon slide on gromit?) however, the note that comes included it being a first generation devices doesn't come wiothout reason. the latest update already improved on some gliches.  "connect to hue bridge" now doesn't crash the app, but responsiveness is still not so i would prefer nuimo over my app.  btw. the "press connect button" screen still shows the outdated bridge ;) ) the gesture reaction should (and according to @creator will) be improved. integration is still very basic. as such:  - can we have harmony support, pleaaaase? (at least as long neeo isn't out yet) - can we have that multiple instances of the same device group are listed only once and you can swipe left right through pre-defined selections (like rooms in raumfeld/sonos) or light constellations in hue? say, i swipe down and the light icon shows, i know i am in hue mode, this might be preset "all lights", now i swipe left, an icon or "l" shows i am now controlling the lights added to group "living room", swipe left again and "t" let me control "dinner table" etc...? that would be kind of smart - and cool! lastly, it is somewhat annoying that the bt symbol goes on everytime my tablet goes into sleep. that should be made defeatable (maybe it is already, but i don't have a mac) i am absolutely positive nuimo will address all this one by one and i hope they can manage their ressources until they go big market, because i believe in them, the product (actually did when i backed) and want them to stay and grow. speaking of which - my 2 cents (suggestions, actually) on upcoming hardware improvements: - the wall mount. well... the stickers may stick it to plain surfaces but nothing like a painted wall or wall paper - but it's supposed to be a "wall" moutn after all. its magnets won't hold it secure enough in vertical position. nuimo's got internal magnets anyway. and those would do the same job without the mount - and even better. but they are in the mount. so let's put them to good use to make this a practical device. and what i could imagine here was another magnetic plate with holes to fix it onto the wall by screws and then clip the - very nicely designed, btw. - mount onto it.  this could be an easy to make and retrofittable accessory. next generation of wall mounts should have that included and recessed in the white surrounding plastic. - then the usb port - hardly a better place availble on the nuimo, i agree - doesn't it a great place though. you should include a right angled uusb cable at least.  but, heck, i unpacked it and took nuimo off the wall mount (took a while to figure out those were 2 parts, hehe). looked at its beauty and the whole thing just screamed "qi charger accessory!!!" at me.  bottom with reception coil plugs into usb on the bottom (held in place by the already present mangnets) and a charger base slightly larger than the current mount with micro usb ports on side and bottom so it can be fitted over an in wall transformer - imagine that a wall moutn similar like the current one but it charges your nuimo invisibly while attached to it. c'mon guys, start another kickstarter already and i am on it! ;)
@hanno  bastien is right. we start with germany, then europe and then the north america and rest of the world. there are some very important reasons for this. for example: we send out 5 devices which where damaged during shipping. since we sent them to germany, we could exchange them quickly and make adjustments while packaging. if we had sent out straight to the us without making these shipments first, we would be in great trouble. i hope you understand that these things are extremely important and that the days of difference are understandable and shouldn't make a huge difference in the lives of everyone :) that said, we keep pushing 10-12 hour shifts every day to get them out to everyone. thanks so much! tobias
@hanno-wybren : i'm not part of the team so do not consider my words as senic team's words :-), however i think they've mentioned that shipping is rather done on a geographic basis : germany, then europe, then other parts of the world... then, inside these zones, maybe backing order is considered, i don't know ?... (i think the info was in latest update (#36))
dear senic team, i would love to receive the nuimo yesterday but not at the cost of you guys burning out. please keep à healty dose of spare time. :-)
hi aren't the nuimo's sent in backing order. i'm whithin the first 300 backers but haven't received shipping info yet?
dear senic
hi, at least i just went on the app store and got the nuimo app update including philips hue (so, seems it's directly the second one, based on tobias's comment). i don't have my nuimo yet but the app seems quite responsive so far. i think we all have to stay quiet guys while waiting for the notification... these are the last days to wait. cheers
@king of kooks @vj k thanks for the feedback. we're aware of those things. please refer to the last update. we're pushing hard to get everything out as quickly as possible. we have one person working on the ios and osx app and one person on android so we need to work one step after the other. everything should be there within the next few weeks. updates coming every week. please keep the feedback coming. thanks for the support! tobias
one more note: the update might not be visible yet depending on their location. can take up to 24 hours.
hi michael. we already pushed an update 4 days ago but we depend on apple to verify it. next update including philips hue was published 30 minutes ago to the app store. next one will be end of the week. as from the beginning, we do as we say but there are many dependencies on manufacturers or someone like apple. we kindly ask you to understand this. we're working 10-12 hour shifts every day plus weekends. in a few weeks everything is there. the best thing is to support us with your feedback and everything will be great in a matter of a few short weeks. thanks! tobias
while the nuimo seems well crafted and designed, it's a bit disappointing, that the promised new integrations for last weekend are still not delivered two days into the next week.  i completely understand that software takes time and not everything got ready like planed. but if you promise an update you should be able to deliver.
please provide: - a user manual; - an icon to distinguish which device is controlled e.g. sonos living room, apple music, sonos kitchen.  - add integration for amazon tv, sony tvs - list currently functioning devices / services; i have hue and apple tv but don't see the option to control them under ios
got mine in nl on saturday... played with it for couple of day.  1. really need integrations in place with lot of smart things to make this smart  2. does have problems sometimes with gestures ...it works or fail not consistant.  3. working with music mostly.  4. need really a guide for users as you mentioned to keep simple ... even as a programmer i have difficulties to have integrations ... for technically challenged people it is absolute must to have a guide to connect to various things.  5. not yet working with nest , sammy tv etc ...
no traces of nuimo in my mailbox :( i'll be patient then :d thanks for the forum link, i'll take a look while waiting for it to appear in my mailbox :d
@arnd - thanks for the feedback, we have forwarded this to lars and the software team to take a look at.
@niels! thanks :d we are excited for the journey to really start now that the hardware is in the hands of our backers! looking forward to finishing shipping and ramping up the software/firmware side over the next weeks.
@markus - stay tuned for big updates! our software/firmware team is just getting started.
@michael and @yvonne - thanks for the questions and great answers ;) we will add a little more background too. a) we are working on a firmware update at the moment to increase sensitivity of the fly gestures. this is a known bug. it is however useful to know that technically the up/down sensor needs about a half second to calibrate and recognize your hand so if you hover over for a moment it will work better. again - we are taking this particular update seriously and shipping new firmware to solve this as soon as possible!  b) you can download the osx app at senic.com/app and link photoshop to your favorite keyboard shortcuts now. please send us an e-mail with feedback as you explore the osx app, we are happy to prioritize updates around feedback c) michael is right here. we will also be optimizing the sensors / led matrix for greater battery life (this is a firmware update) thanks for the kind words! we know it can be hard to wait for this to evolve but trust us - we are treating shipping nuimo as just the first step :) a lot of great things are coming particularly because everyone has been awesome so far about giving feedback!  c)
@yvonne: to give you some answrs: to a) the up/down works here. and the sensor switches of after some time. to c) the bluetoothle is designed to draw very little energy from the battery. the biggest power consumption is probably the led-matrix. as long as it's dark it's not drawing power either. so there's no need to switch it off. by the way. even if the b is not blinking the device is actively waiting for pairing. as long as it is switched on of course. so no need to power-cycle the device.
received mine yesterday in germany. hardware meets all expectiations in regard to look / feel. three questions i´m wondering about: a.) tried with apple music and works fine, but fly gestures do not work. when "activating" the sensor by staying on it until dot lights up then up/down works but left / right fly never worked for me. any instructions? does the sensor de-activate automatically b.) when would i be able to use nuimo with my windows photoshop? i somehow expected this to work as early on, as it was shown in the kickstarter video c.) do i have to turn it off manually or does it run weeks on one charge, even if not turned off manually (hope so). thanks for building such a nice hw, if this continues to evolve i´m very temped to buy 1 or 2 more.
you guys rock! exciting times :-)
got mine yesterday. great piece of hardware. iphone integration with music works. now i am looking forward to all those upcoming use cases ...
@stefan delete the sonos and install the sonos feature again. i ' ve had the same
oh, i see there is a sso option for google, facebook and twitter
i think the support forum is a bad idea - just another password i'll forget. please consider sso with widely used platforms.
i found mine this morning in the mailbox. it's a great piece of hardware! unfortunately, the os x app needs some more functionality. i am driving my home entertainment with a mac mini. there seems not to be any ready to use integration with the apps i need (eyetv, vlc, sonos controller, itunes, chrome, epichrome - a ssb solution using the chrome engine).  is there a way to define my own app integration? i don't necessarily need predefined integration, but would happily define my own so that i can control whatever app is in the focus at any given time. it would be great if i could use gestures to access os features like expose and app switching. i modified the default actions so that i can control eyetv and it works just fine. i mapped the ring to changing channels ("+", "-") which is great - i can browse really fast through the channels. it would be even better if i could control the speed of this input. one more suggestion for a future release: import / export for mappings so that users can share their customizations.
hey @dercolbold - our partners for the forums are looking into a solution for the issue with log in. we will update you when we have an answer. to switch between two applications just swipe down. for more support check out the faq : senic.com/faq
added two applications in the ios-app (apple music and lifx). how can switch between apple music and lifx on the nuimo?
signed in at the forum and tried so reset password at the forum but received an error: „you are not authorised to access this portal. kindly contact your helpdesk administrator.“
hi! got mine today! tried it with sonos! volume change does not work at all! there is no volume sign at all! and fly gestures do not work at all( i put my finger on the sensor) until the dot appeared! what can i do?
hey guys! thanks for the feedback - we will make an update later today or early next week but in the meantime there is a forum here: www.senic.com/forum
i received mine today (located in germany, took only one day for shipping), and the hardware looks great but i really miss a software support for windows. i can just hope the developers will add this very soon, and not spend all their energy in perfecting the software for the apple crowd first, and leave others waiting for many more months.
@drohhyn: the gestures needs to be 'enabled'. hold your hand close to the 'eye' in the surface for some seconds. it is enabled when you see a pulsing dot. it stays active for some time. it seems that this sensor draws quite some juice from the battery if enabled all time.
hi, good to hear from you guys !! happy to see the first short reviews coming. is there a way for you to share pictures maybe ? (don't know if it's feasible with kickstarter...). what's your feeling with the rotating wheel ? anything else good/bad ? thank you again.
hi, got it today (germany). take a bit time to find on/off :-0... works nice mit sonos. is there a faq or a forum to talk to other? only sonos/lifx/applemusic is available. how can i use other services (hue? etc) how can i chance the symbol for sonos?(have more than one speaker ). and last but not least: great job !!!
hi, i received my nuimo today (in germany) and am happy with it. tried to control my sonos speakers which worked perfect with the haptic controls but not with the gestures yet. maybe i have to practice a bit ;) is there any community board available to talk to other users? thanks & kind regards,   philip
today i got a nice small package from berlin! very nice. on my table it looks even better than in your renderings :-) a big thank you from braunschweig!
exciting times :-)
lucky you ;)  please come back soon with a review ;)
also received my shipping notification today. i'm so happy.
as promised i got my shipping notification today. my nuimo should arrive friday or saturday. very happy. :-)
hi, i don't know if you already say it, but what list do you use to send the device? country, #alphabetical, #backer order, #random? i know there will be few weeks between first and last people who will receive the nuimo, so if we can understand it could help us to wait a little bit longer. i'm surprised that anyone come here to share a review. some should have received already.. good luck with the last days. br from france
@jean: sure. 5000 devices is the batch we manufactured and which was sold out a few months ago through crowdfunding and pre-orders on our website. you can't manufacture a few devices first and then a few more after. you have to decide for one big number that you tell your manufacturers months in advance and then stick with that. in our case we decided on 5000. the manufacturer then manufacturers 5000 pieces at once (e.g. one manufacturer for the metal ring, many more for the other parts). that's why they are all finished around the same time with the difference of assembly. we have to take all the parts and put together one after the other which takes a few minutes each. that's why the first few thousand are a few days faster (and going to crowdfunding backers) than the last few thousand. for how the shipping itself works, that's best described in the prior comment. hope that helps. we can wrap it up in an update as well. thanks! tobias
@creator - thanks tobias for taking the time  to update us. we truly appreciate it! i know that what i'd like to understand better is how you're fulfilling our devices; given that you had 1600 backers, 2000 nuimos assembled ahead of last week and now talking about shipping 5000 devices, i wonder how you're approaching fulfillment. and i fully appreciate many of us backed for more than one nuimos- i know i did :) a quick update at the end of the week would go a long ways. i (we) can't wait to receive our brand new nuimos!
hey guys, we understand that everybody wants their devices, we want to get the devices to you too! as you can read from the updates, all the devices are going out so we kindly ask you to be a bit patient. shipping is a very complicated and large process for 5000 people. once we've assembled enough devices (say 1000 which takes a few days), we give all the devices to a shipping provider (we sent out another 1200 devices today). they have the lists of who gets the devices. they package every single nuimo, print the labels, put in on the truck etc. as you can see from the pictures and the amount devices, there is a lot of manual work from a lot of people involved who have been working non stop over the past weeks to get the devices as quickly as possible. so please be patient, we're already moving as quickly as possible and really care about getting the devices to everyone asap. thanks so much for understanding and the support! tobias
when am i getting mine? it's been way overdued
hey senic, from austria here and also didnt receive an email yet. we wouldnt be that far away? best regards
hey senic, thank you for the quick response! :-)
hey @fabian - we will look into it now.
i'm from germany but haven't received my tracking number yet.  i will keep my fingers crossed that it will arrive until next week before my holiday. :-)
@niels : +1 !  i tried to get some feedback 3 days ago... but no reply here from these lucky people ! please guys !
can some of you lucky ones that have received their nuimo let the rest of us know how cool the device is? ;-)
hey brian, yup! shipping has begun - however it will take us about a week or two to send out all the devices. as soon as yours is sent out you will get an e-mail! we're working around the clock (and weekends) to try and make it as quick as possible :) cant wait for you to get nuimo.
has shipping started yet? was meant to start on tuesday but nothing yet. i presume we'll receive a personal email once our unit has shipped?
hey,  did somebody get his nuimo during the yesterday's pickup ? if so, what's your feedback ? i'm impatient to know how each backer feels about the 'product' :-) bastien
@creator will there be more apps available before launch? in the nuimo app, there is only 3 available, i was hoping that hue would be there as well? i have a few things i found using the emulator. 1. no settings menu to change name of the nuimo, so they won't be listed as nuimo 1, nuimo 2 etc. 2. no menu to change the sensitivity for the wheel. 3. no way to change the name of the linked app's, so if i add more than 1 sonos link, they will be called sonos, sonos, sonos - it would be preferable to be able to change them to sonos bedroom, sonos bathroom etc. 4. while at the more sonos links, the icon on the nuimo, on the emulator, is the same no matter which sonos you wan't to control. looking forward to my nuimo's before i leave, kudos to you for have been running a quite good kickstarter project, with frequent updates.
@niels i don't know if there is a difference, but i downloaded nuimo on my ipad, and the emulator on my phone. but removing "link's/programs" from the nuimo app works on the ipad, just swype from either left to right, or right to left on the item you want "uninstalled"
@ niels de klerk: thanks niels! we have forwarded this so the dev team. a few of those are already planned for an update in the next the weeks but we really appreciate feedback. if you find anything else please feel free to send them a mail directly at developers@senic.com!
hi guys, i downloaded the nuimo app on one phone and the emulator on my other phone. and started testing. i have found some bug's and would love to report them, i dont know where so hope its okay to do it here for now. after the app has a connection to the (virtual) nuimo it will start looking for smart devices. a loading sign is showing but it takes a while and to the user its like its doing nothing. shwing some text like cheking for "hue bridge", checking for "product a" etc might help improve user experiance. i clicked on continue because it took a long time and didnt knew it was actually doing anything. i start with one 'application' "aple music". this works really great! i clicked on the add application button and found 3 applications. - apple music - lifx - sonos i clicked on apple music and now i have 2x apple music. but i am unable to remove one of them. i am unable to find the other applications. only these 3. kind regards,
@ fabian h.: hey fabian - next few days!
@ tilman kappe: hey tilman - updates coming this week on shipping / apps and the launch party in review :)
in apple app store, the app "nuimo" is already downloadable. unfortunately you cant´t explore the app without hardware. first the app is seaching for it and there is no timeout. @ creator: are there photos from the launch party? ;-)
has any german backer received their nuimo yet? i am waiting eagerly for the shipping notification. :-)
@chris we will be looking into windows support as soon as we finish osx, android and ios
@hmb - thanks for the feedback, we will 100% take this into account next time around for the nuimo hack - we really appreciate both your participation and care for letting us know how to improve :)
@skypax - to be very clear, "assembly" with regards to hardware manufacturing never refers to hand-soldering components. this would actually not be possible for our device due to the size of the batch and precision required (likewise we are not lathing each aluminum ring by hand - because those tolerances require machining). assembly specifically refers to assembling the major components of the device that have already been produced into the final product. nearly all electronics products are hand assembled at some point in the process of manufacturing - which is why very often companies choose to produce in china because it is much cheaper to do assembly due to lower wages. we have chosen to do it here specifically because we can maintain a higher quality standard then shipping them to another country - and we have the learnings about exactly how our device is made to continually improve as a hardware company.
is there software for windows?
manual assembly line (soldering components etc by hand) does not exactly ooze quality...ahem..
cool that we can vote for nuimo hack now! as the video's are very small (and it's impossible to open fullscreen) and my video was re-uploaded in lower quality, you can watch the original with a short description at https://vimeo.com/162261040 my hack allows a user to let his phone, computer, home automation system, or even a website interact with nuimo at the same time by publishing nuimo events on mqtt. also, by using mqtt it makes apps independent of the bluetooth connection. i wrote a sample for controlling two different systems - philips hue and osx system volume - without disconnecting and reconnecting nuimo in between. the code can be found at https://github.com/wind-rider/nuimo-mqtt-manager . good luck to all contestants!
@brock - **drumroll** shipping begins next week! update coming later today with more info!
waiting waiting waiting... any idea of a realistic delivery date?
hey team, how is it going ? i think we all know you're working hard on finishing the work. so, not pushing but i'm just curious to know whether everything is ok on assembly side and what's the target date for shipping ? thanks and keep up doing the good job! rgds bastien
@boris hey. i'm not sure what you're referring to. we send out updates every two weeks to all backers. you should also receive this via email. please check here https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/802159142/nuimo-seamless-smart-home-interface/updates we're in the middle of assembly. have a great day. tobias
@fabian yes
@ creator, well - another month passed now till last request for a feedback and still no final due date for shipment is given. when will our products be ready?
have you started assembly today as planned?
@nuimo, i will receive a intel nuc6i3hyk this week. i will build an windows 10 with kodi based htpc with it. any chance we could use the nuimo with windows? the reason i will use this setup is mainly because it's the only way to have 3d, 24p, 23p, atmos (truehd), dts:x passthrough support. i couldn't find windows among the platforms.
hanno, voice control is quite easy to setup if you have a iphone and a raspberrypi, just use domoticz on the raspberry. and install homebridge.
hi @niels i was trying to voice control my nest and connect with my logitech harmony but now just gonna wait until neeo arrives then stuff will get easier! nuimo will become my comming home device laying around by the door waiting to put everything on!
@niels - we support whatever you want to do :) original or not!
@boris all accessories will be shipped together with nuimo at the same time! anyone who still needs to select color for a stand will be contacted in the next week individually.backplates there is no color selection to be made.
@sylvain! thanks - we can't wait. shouldn't be too long now :)
love the shipping news :) thx a lot for this update !
@boris: we will send out an update about this. thanks!
@robin - unfortunately kickstarter doesnt do any pledging/pre-ordering via their platform after the campaigns close so please visit senic.com. thanks again for backing!
is it possible right now to order additional nuimos over kickstarter or do you want us to visit senic.com instead? thanks!
@creator - could you please advise how i can update my shipping address? thanks.
@ creator this question is related to project update#11/ wall mount plate. in the past it was offered to add a specific amount of 10,- eur per piece on the pledge to receive a extra wall attachment for each nuimo device. what is the manufacturing status on these wall attachment devices? will it be shipped together with nuimo? what is latest status regarding your schedule in general?
@ creator in the past it was offered to add a specific amount to the pledge to receive a wall attachment for the nuimo device. what is the manufacturing status on these wall attachment devices? will it be shipped together with nuimo?
i didn't join the hacking competition, i am not an coder but more a script kiddy. plus i am still deciding where i want do use the nuimo for. originally i wanted to use it as an wall switch for my hues. not very original i am afraid
hi,  i'm still loving the different news, blog, video, and all you make about the software. even if i'm a newbie and don't understand each time what the point to use your remote for control a logiciel.. i'm pretty sure i won't use nuimo at is maximum.. but it's not a big deal.. but even if i use nuimo just for hue, music.. i would love to have it.. you said october, then january, then february, then late feb / early march, then late march... pleeease make it real :) i want play with it too ! it's time to share your toy, no more delay ! ;) have a good day and keep the good work br
@niels wha! super jelous. ours havn't arrived yet. will post an update once we have it running. are you participating in our nuimo hack competition? https://www.senic.com/nuimohack
i can happily confirm that the raspberry pi 3 can be used following the guide on github!! happy hacking
@hano, i am running domoticz on a rpi2.it runs super smooth. my colleague is running domoticz on a rpi 1. should work just perfectly. what are you trying? maybe i can help you out. don't expect me to be a guru or anything but i have made some cool things.
oh man. we're also suuuuper excited. ordered 2 of them this morning. should be there tomorrow. for your question: this depends on the raspbian os image. currently raspbian ships without bluez. so you need to install it. we will be able to tell for sure once we get ours.
hi @niels de klerk mine is coming the day after tomorrow. at this point still trying to install domoticz on my raspberry pi1, looking forward to your experience with bluez!
hi guy's, i'll receive my raspberry pi 3 tomorrow. whoot!! it includes ble. i will play with the ios emulator and the python script, and i am wondering if the described steps for the raspberry would be the same. i.e. do i need to install bluez?
@perdrag @ole i completely understand everything you're saying, especially being a backer of multiple campaigns as well. that's why it's important to explain how manufacturing works it works: we have sent all files (mechanical drawings, pcb layout) to our manufacturers so our job is basically done (except for more software updates). that means we're waiting for the parts from manufacturers the same way you are waiting for devices from us. there are more than 10 different manufacturers involved that all have their specialties, from the metal turner to the anodizer to the pcb assembler. as with any hardware process, they might be faster or they might have difficulties, even the most experienced companies that have been manufacturing for over 100 years. we don't see any problems at the moment but that's how hardware manufacturing works for everyone. there are many dependencies so it's not that easy to answer. i understand that this is not visible from the customer perspective but it's a highly complicated process. we are shooting a documentary which might give you a better sense and understanding for this. from one backer to another, and from somebody who built the product because he wanted the device himself badly, we're answering all answers to our full knowledge and honesty and we're working our asses off to get these devices to you as fast as humanly possible. tobias
@drohhyn yes, the sonos integration is already done. we're shooting a bunch of videos (including sonos) that we're gonna publish over the next few weeks. you just need an iphone or android phone to set it up.
i have to back @predrag a bit; for a fact every update is pushing the shipping date a month or so. we are really looking forward to this product! so please, i'd rather want you to be honest and say 'by june' next time - if that is the case. good luck with wrapping it up! :)
will the integration with sonos be ready when shipping? what kind of device is needed to set up my nuimo? kind regards,   drohhyn
hey senic, as a matter of fact i do and as i see (no hard feeling) for every new project update, shipping plan was moved to another month and so on.... no intention to spam, just was curious.... thanks
@john; got ya! will note it!
@yugo: thanks! :)
@martin: yupp, you can submit your application anytime until the 8th of march
@klaus: yea exactly, you can simply use the emulator
@pedrag cmon man. why do you write this? you see all the updates, right?
hey senic team, what is the plan for shipping the nuimo controller? can we expect it at least till end of this year?
is the android app on track to be released with the shipping of nuimo?
@daniel.  1) apologies, they are indeed micro-usbs.  2) while we definitely want to give our backers the greatest amount of information (we owe them after all for helping us develop the product) we can't provide explicit electronic component info at this stage. this is to make sure that while we deliver you guys an awesome product, we also protect certain aspects of our specific technology and ip on such a public forum such as kickstarter - as anyone can read these updates. if you do have some technical questions about the sensors we are happy to talk at hi@senic.com!  3) yes this was a tough decision for us but we are confident after talking to a number of backers that the 9x9 is a much better decision for the functionality of the other sensors (particularly capacitive touch) on the device. let us know if we can answer anything else daniel! thanks for backing.
hey senic team, great to hear some activitiy, all the best for the next week.  here is some remarks/questions 1. "...nuimo charging mini-usb cords..." mini-usb? not micro-usb? sure? 2. "optimized sensors" - your updates are often very vague in nature. why don't you give us some beef at this late stage of dev? what sensor did you start with, which sensors is it now. why. some insights. 3. sorry to hear that you downsized the matrix to 9x9.  looking at the tado thermostat with some 10x20 pixel seems rather limited already. i would have preferred a denser 11x11 matrix on the surface of the 9x9 rather than a reduction of pixels. same more "room" for the other ingredients.
hey @john - devs have been working with the device and building some awesome stuff. check out the latest update to see a selection. we will keep promoting the cool projects/integrations that are being built via our newsletter and updates on kickstarter :)
hey @fabian, you can check out the latest update. we are in the middle of production now and late feb/early march is still our plan - this may move a few weeks earlier or later depending on shipping time to your location. we will keep you guys as updated on shifts in this timeline as possible - however since materials and electronics are being delivered as we speak, it shouldn't be too long now :)
@marv - thanks for the kind words, we are really excited about delivering nuimo as a product that we can be proud of and that our backers love! yes we are prioritizing the majority of the backers interest (osx/ios first) however we are 100% planning to support android upon launch and hopefully more at that point but certainly after - sdks for android, ios/osx and documentation for our gatt profile (to be used with any platform) are already up at senic.com/developers. this prioritizing is only a function of giving our small team the focus to deliver products as quickly as possible to you guys :) thanks for going on this journey with us - and for your feedback, it definitely keeps us driven to ship an awesome product!
some new from dev shipments and beta testers ?
hey team senic! how is the production for the non-developer backers going? are you still on track for mid february delivery? can't wait to control my hue lights and sonos with nuimo. cheers :-)
ups, freudian slip, meant *message
happy new year everyone! thanks for the last few updates. looking forward ot the finish line. while the inevitable delays are always somewhat disappointing, after talking with some of you at dmy and ifa i appreciate that part of the reason for those is attention to details. if you don't do it right, you do it twice. i hope that whatever final route you took to make the surface smudge-resistant worked out great. one thing i want to address are the supported platforms. i fully understand that you are doing the initial development subsequently and not in parallel. but please make sure that in the long term no platform is prioritized over the other.  if you focus too much on ios/osx this will likely also relate to developer interests for the platforms, and this might become a vicious circle for non-apple users. out of curiosity i went to the ces site to see if there would be any more infos there and noticed  that the links your fb/twitter/linkedin there seem to be screwed up. for those of you that made the trip i wish you all a great time in vegas. p.s: if you happen to have another unit lying around in your offices just waiting for an android/windows beta tester, just give me a massage and i'll  come pick it up ;)
@ laurence wayne lee: sure laurence! send us a private message on ks or at hi@senic.com and i we will get you taken care of! thanks for backing :)
am i still able to update my address at this time? i'm moving into a new place next week.
it would be cool if nuimo could be used as a jog dial for https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1029697729/evo-one-desktop-cnc-mill-made-for-anyone/ is there any option for integrating nuimo with their software?
@adam - we are working hard to make sure that doesnt happen :)
hehe, one icon looks curiously close to stinkefinger, but that's probably just my bad attitude ....
thanks for clearing that up, i was getting worried i was going to have a lovely bit of hardware and not be able to use it.
@adam - the android app is fully in progress. the developer editions will only ship with the sdk so people can build their own integrations. however, the regular series is scheduled to ship with ios, osx and android with windows shortly after! apologies for this confusion.
@adam it has, now we're releasing the sdk for developers so they can create additional integrations beyond our own app. thanks! tobias
so am i right in understanding from the latest update that the android app development hasn't even started yet???? i knew from the beginning that it (android app) would come later but just assumed that as the project (hardware) has been delayed the app would be ready for when my nuimo turns up.
@bastian  the short answer is: yes, it’s definitely possible. here’s how your program would look like: 1. have your iphone app run in the background and wait for presses on nuimo. press events are sent via bluetooth from nuimo to your app. 2. when a press occurred, the iphone app then retrieves the room temperature. 3. when the room temperature is received, the app sends the temperature as a matrix back to nuimo, via bluetooth. 4. nuimo instantly displays the temperature on its led matrix. if you have any further question, please contact us at developers@senic.com
hi senic team, thanks for your hard work on nuimo.... i'm very excited to get my nuimo next year :-)  one question i have (sorry if i missed it in previous posts) : is there a way for the remote bluetooth server (let's say the phone) to send back information (synchronously to the command) ? i mean, in case i would like to know what's the temperature in the room, can i imagine to press on nuimo, and nuimo would print the temperature on its matrix (after getting it via bluetooth to my phone app, of course) ? thanks for your answer, and keep doing this amazing  job !
@vidya and creator: you just read my mind! i was torn in between, but now i'm going to opt for 2 white silver pucks.... btw: the wallmounts are which color?
@david and @niels - we are in the process of researching and building for this at the moment :)
+1 for niels' question! wondering the same.
@yota - just responded :)
@hmb - we need to confirm colors for final ordering of parts (ring and faceplate) for the shipment. you will be able to update your address information until the shipping date in february! kickstarter sends these 'final reminders' automatically.
i sent you a message on the last wednesday regarding to my address issue. please give me some response then i can fill up the survey for you guys. thanks
what is the deadline for the reward survey? in the previous mails no deadline was mentioned and now suddenly there is a "final reminder" within 2 or 3 days after the first mail. why this sudden rush?
@timothy - send us a message!
how can we specify ash/walnut for the wooden stand?
sorry. i read the answer. thank you! i wait for android app.
i ask before sustain this project if the product support android in future. please when android app?
@vidya maybe someday!
@eirik, send us a quick message on your color preference. the kickstarter survey assumes you only got one - even if you pledged over the amount.
@andrew please fill out each questionnaire separately for the moment! thanks :)
@eyekey we are still deciding on final shipping plans - dhl will be most likely for backers in germany.
how do i choose one of each color? the survey only allows for one choice.
yay! survey! truthfully, i wish you had a version with a black face and a silver ring on the outside. :)
i have backed for 1 unit on both the initial 2014 indiegogo campaign as well as for a second on this kickstarter campaign. will the pledges be fulfilled separately with separate questionnaires via the respective sites?
what will be the shipping company in germany? dhl? can i sent this to a "packstation"?
@niels we're looking into it. already ordered the new apple tv. we have big hopes.
@led-matrix: i agree with klaus. to save power you could chose the 9x9 icon set for power saving but you should have kept the possibility to use the bigger pixel number (which doesn't mean that you have more leds active). don't like it as it dramatically reduce the possible icon set. an extreme would have been to display two rows with digits (minimal char size: 3x5 pixel + one space sideways and between the lines). with this resolution it would also challenging to 'display' weather forecast icons (e.g. a cloud would be already a nice mess of pixels with 11x11 but with 9x9 it's a real challenge).
@led matrix. sorry to hear that, the more the better.  i yet have to come across a dot matrix that doesn't limit me at some point. you could have saved power if required by a smaller icon set (after all leds don't consume any power when not activated).
hi, i was wondering of an apple tv app would be possible, because the apple tv is stationary the whole family can enjoy the use of nuimo even when i'm not home. also would it be possible to control the new apple tv? (the iphone and apple watch remote does not work with a gen4 apple tv)
@amkap - it will be on the bottom of the device, alongside an on/off switch.
@hmb backer surveys will go out approximately 1 month before shipping (late december or early january) and include an option to select color!
@tilman - yes we decided it was better dimensionally and conveyed enough information (icons, numbers etc) to shrink the size. the decrease will also benefit the battery life because they consume less power.
@creator: have you finalised where the charging port will be on the device? i.e. is around the edge or underneath. would it possible to see where it on a prototype device?
when will you send out the survey for which color / options we want and for the shipping address?
does the led matrix shrunk from 11x11 to 9x9 dots?
awesome news, great update !
any news on the shipment date of the dev edition? still on for november? good luck!
@sylvain - thanks! we are trying to be as open and transparent as possible with the development process. we really appreciate your support.
@niels de klerk - we would definitely love to work with them! you never know :)
@rizea and @drohhyn - the android sdk coming. first we will release ios/osx for backers of the developer editions and eventually all backers, then comes android. we will update you guys as soon as we have a firm timeline for this!
@senic: any progress for the android app?
neeo is working on a partnership and now nuimo. hmmmm would be a perfect fit guys! am i wrong here? :-)
when android software?
hello, thanks for the last update. (i was hoping receive my nuimo before christmas even if you had already says january... ) at least we have a timeline, it's'not so bad. thx for the news  good luck for the next months
thanks for the links! the problem with tilt is that the link on your home page opens in iframe inside the main page and chrome treats the whole page as insecure even though the tilt part has proper certificate. just sayin'. btw, i am wondering about the feasibility of developing a custom back-plate that would fit inside the eu electric installation boxes and draw the power from there. i've couple of small enough power supplies that can output 5v (or 3.3v - 3.7v with appropriate low-dropout regulator). looking forward to see the actual product to decide if it's a project worth pursuing ;-)
@filip - thanks for your question, we are in the process of updating the site with the certification, apologies about that. when you pre-order with tilt you are going through their secure connection as a third party. for pre-ordering more nuimos you can do that through out site. for accessories the following links: backplates: https://nuimo.tilt.com/backplate/checkout/payment stands: https://nuimo.tilt.com/stand/checkout/payment
i would also like to ask if it's possible to order additional nuimos (and/or wall mounting back plates). currently your web site doesn't say if the preorders include the wall-mounting plates and there is no way to order combination of white and black nuimos. also the site has broken https certificates and i don't really like the idea of sending credit card number over insecure http connection.
i also must cheer to you on the exemplary quality of communication and the oh so apparent level of enthusiasm caried along the way from concept to product! your updates, be it here on the blog or in the videos are equally entertaining as they are informative. it really puts us in the boat with you and enjoing the journey, just keep it on!
thank you for the video of the working pre-series. the nuimo is looking neat and i am impressed by the response time. can you show a video showing how to set up and how to handle a sonos group scenario? can you control different zones from the same nuimo? it would also be great if any of the backers present at ifa could share their hands-on experience.
@creator congratulations on an successful campaign (it is a while ago, i know :) ) once you sent the survey, will you provide the option to add more nuimo's than already ordered? (based on the upcoming updates we will see, one might be trigger happy on a "add more nuimo's" button :) )
i'd rather say, if possible allow for a mix of lightify and hue ... using the lightify gateway in comparison to lightify illuminants on hue bridge, they turn on with a preselectable setting, have better reaction etc. if possible at all (will be when those in concern finally receive their neeos ;) )
hello senic team, i have 2 big wishes for the hue integration: i'm using osram lightify g10 spots.  the hue app cannot switch them off because the ramp down time is to slow for it to switch it off. some hue apps like onswitch can switch them off. please do your integration in a way that nuimo can switch them off! be careful when testing, the standard lightify bulb works, the g10 spot is the problematic one. my second wish is that i can personalize my nuimo in a way that pushing the main surface would switch a dedicated scene for my hue , pushing again would switch all bulbs off. rotating the ring should move me through my scenes. that would be perfect!
@patric yes, this project is amazing. already backed it. excited to see integrations!
i recently backed https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1123481999/remix-mini-the-worlds-first-true-android-pc/. i think it will have a nice synergy with my future nuimo, controlling my home entertainment system.
yes thanks for the update on my behalf as well.... very informative insight on production status. hm, group mangement for sonos and hue... might this gadgetr be even more clever than i initially imagined? should have extended my pledge to more than 2 then ;)
you are really good !  your update is awesome, it's so sad this communication isn't in all kickstarter's campaign..  i love the idea to have this remote before christmas.  i hope that all the functions show during the campaign will be available and much more after..  thanks again for the informations, next time a small new video perhaps? ;) yes we always want more :) have a good day !
thanks for the update! i really appreciate the amount of time you invest to inform us. keep up the great work.
hey david, tobias here. trust me, i'm the first person who wants to see more integrations and examples. but we also still need to build the product. we spend more than 12 hours every day on design, development, sourcing, manufacturing, packaging, shipping, materials etc. i know this can't be seen from the outside but it's an incredible amount of work and everything needs to be build. we invest a lot of time in keeping everyone updated but i hope you also understand that. but again, i wanna see more examples as well so you can bet that i will shoot more videos asap. thanks for understanding and all the support, tobias
guys, i really expected you guys post video's with experiments of different ways to use the nuimo, and to see real-world use cases in a real world setting, instead of only your edited marketing showcase video... this would really make me feel much better about this project, as it would show you care about your backers and other future customers. please open up, lift the smokescreen, and embrace your users! :)
thanks for sharing marv!
thanks for the insight marv! reads very promising (not that i expected any different ;) )
thanks marv ! i expect the same thing than marv : a good working product who can be upgrade later.. than 6months delay for few options who barely works.. if nuimo's team can include information about the delivery date in the next update it would be nice :)
so, i thought i might share my own hands-on experience with nuimo. last month i was at the dmy design festival here in berlin, where senic was present as well. i had the chance to talk with teshia and felix for quite some time and of course they also had nuimo on display. they had a few dummy units and one hard-wired (alpha) prototype which was unfortunately only set up to control music. regarding the design i would say they deserve that nomination. nuimo feels quite great in your hand. the ones i held in my hand were about 50g heavier and the magnets were weaker than the final version. i liked the heft of it, like a slimmed down hockey puck. magnetic strength was already good, when they improve that it should snap to metal surfaces very satisfactory. the rotational resistance was about the same as with the volume knob of your typical a/v-receiver or amplifier, so that felt nice too. the haptic of the clicks on the surface could have used a bit of fine tuning. if i remember correctly, nuimo has 1600 sensing points for a full rotation. that should provide some nice options for granular controls. on the prototype it was just a quarter-rotation from zero to full volume. i hope that we can set this to our own liking. hue light control: now the rotation only controls brightness. i use my hue lights with the round livingcolors remote to change colors. it would be great if nuimo would also be able to go through the color range with a rotation. the height range in which it detects your hovering hand was lower than i expected. don’t remember exactly, but maybe 15cm only? hope this would be improved and ideally be user-changeable. it also works if you just swipe your finger across the sensor. bear in mind, this all was more than a month ago, so some of my observations might not apply anymore. since i do not own any apple devices, i also voiced my concern about them seeming a little apple-centric. they are aware of that but they reconfirmed for the android app, that any possible delay would be minimal. regarding all the suggestions/requests for nuimo integration/support, i got the feeling that they were really into all sorts of stuff but they also seemed somewhat overwhelmed. as seen by the updates they are juggling a lot of things, so i would scale down the expectation a bit regarding what nuimo will be able to control at launch. they pointed out that they want to focus on delivering a good product at launch. personally, i think that is a good strategy. while i too wouldn’t mind all kinds of features/third-party support, i think it is better to deliver something that works as it should and add possible functions later than to deliver something that tries to do everything and might fail at that. i have seen feature-creep on other projects and often it doesn’t work out that well. generally, i liked their ideas of putting more seamless and intuitive controls into our immediate surroundings. so i’ll be looking out for what other stuff they will put out in the future. so while i would reserve my final judgment upon playing around with my own nuimo, i think we will like what we get coming fall. oh, and they are genuinely great people :)
congrats for all this good news, it sounds great for your future ! (and good for our next product ^.^ )
wann wird das geld von meinem konto abgebucht? kickstarter hat dazu bereits eine mail geschickt (am 12.06.) und eine abbuchung angekündigt aber es ist noch nichts passiert ...
@senic: what's the plan for the developer editions? i thought they will be shipped in july 2015?
when can we expect the developer editions to start shipping?
oh....! see.... - kiwi.ki integration ...and... - kiwiki integration :p no, seriously, thanks for the informative update. it may notr be the propaganda kind of stuff, but to the technically savvy a fistful to bite on and valuable investor/backer information! thank you for that, and keep on sweating away (at least we do here in munich ;) )
@daniel it's all mixed between completed talks, experiments and processes.
@daniel it's all mixed between completed talks, experiments and processes.
hi tobias, the update lists a lot of activities, but the status is unclear to me, if these activities have been finalized or in progress or planned, e.g. "price negotiations" - planned for next week or finalized or what?
@creator : perfect update ! thanks !  have a good day.
@chloe please don't worry about it right now. we will send out a survey before shipping. thanks! tobias
who can we contact about changes in our order? (shipping address, etc.)
@sylvain @ian @niels thanks for the feedback! sounds good. we'll try to do one every two weeks. we'll just list out progress in each category (electronics, software, manufacturing, design, etc.) and add some pictures / videos if we have something new to show. i just got back from a business trip to poland yesterday and will try to finish one today. if things take a few days longer or if we have any problems, please bear with us. we're working full throttle on everything. thanks again guys! this really helps. drop us a line if you have any other suggestions!
i would say every 3 weeks would be the perfect interval for updates.
@senic.  thanks for your prompt reply.  i would agree with the comment below and would really appreciate an update around every 2 weeks but not longer than 4 weeks.  for me, it doesn't need to be too involved or detailed but just enough to let me know what's going on and if the schedule has slipped at all.  thanks,   ian
@creator : personnally i find twice a month is a good balance, like this we know what happen (good or bad news) and you don't loose too much time in this updates. not less than once a month for sure ! i don't need each time new pics or videos but i need news about the production of the hardware and development for the software.. are you still good for deliver your stuff in october? best regards.
@ian yes, we can do an update. one important question where you could help: how often do you guys want updates? we had some people complaining about too many updates (felt like spam in their mailbox) others ask for more. we're trying to find the right balance. thanks! tobias
hi guys, any update on what's happening?
when will the money be debited for the nuimo? kickstarter already sent an e-mail but nothing happened ...
hi, thanks for the last update, i love your communication & i hope it'll be like this each month :) have a good day.
@senic: you definitely deserved the long weekend :) looking forward to see your update.
@tobias: just joking! take your time to celebrate, recover and rewind... and work focused as required! .... honestly, i do not expect daily updates....
@osman thanks a lot. really appreciate it!
@steve thaaaaanks!
@jo  sounds good. you can request it here.  http://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests thanks!
@luc noted! you can also request and vote on applications and devices here. we work down this list.  http://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests thanks! tobias
@klaus @michael my beer challengers! :) we took this weekend off as the first time after the 4 week campaign. we have been very responsive and continue to do so but we cannot react every second of the day. we still need to build the product :) i hope that's understandable.  we're sending out an update today or tomorrow with all the information on how we continue etc. thanks for the support and understanding guys! you still get some of the best updates and materials you've seen in any campaign. tobias
given there previous urge for communication (thank you for that) this silence really exceptional indeed. i wonder if they still fighting with the largest hangover of their lives? ;)
i wonder a bit if we hear something from senic. usually a update follows short after the end of the ks run to inform us backer about the next steps. like when we expect the questionnaire (it makes sense to do this as late as possible, because address changes; but you need the text for the customization). also what your next steps be.
smooth integration of bluethooth smart bulbs would be great www.kickstarter.com/projects/1032719200/smart-led-light-40-create-moods-designed-in-german
bluetooth + enocean + zwave + zigbee = wibutler looks really great and would be a smart home hub for nuimo. https://www.wibutler.com/
+1 for oomi integration.
wow, what a nice run in the end. and the trolls seemed to do only little harm. and in the end the project was even very close to the 400% stretch goal. congratulations to the whole senic team! now it's your turn :-)
ok now that i got over it :p ....  congratulations :)
congratulations!
:( i missed early birdssssss .....
well done! +1 for oomi
congratz!!!!
hello, could you add also oomi control for your device? oomi is on indiegogo and will be the best smart home device. it would be so nice if we could control also with nuimo that.
yeah, i think it's about time to bite that bullet (i did long ago)
just added 10€ for wall mount :-)
stupid me, of course i meant usb-c around the corner ;)  and another thing: i expect those cables come at quite a premium(see what thunderbolt cables run) which makes sense even more questionable, just for charging...
@mosharaf: usb micro may be around the corner, but no cables available yet and hardly to asume it will be widely spread until nuimo ships. and even then, where would you see the benefits? it's mainly a charger port, actually a 2pin coaxial connector would ahve sufficed. it may be used for updates, but from my understanding nuimo supports updates ota and nothing wrong using an ubiquitous standard...
hi senic team,  i was wondering if i could charge the nuimo wireless using qi charger and why is it being charged by micro usb and not usb-c when usb c is right around the corner.
hey senic team, i'm still waiting for an answer. i send you a message and a faq with two questions. greetz markus
@jeroen just uploaded a new example (you can also see it on the main page) https://vimeo.com/130525326
@timothy we're doing everything from the hardware and software stand point to get the most out of it. thanks for the additional pledges!
@klaus noted all of your suggestions. we'll go through every single one of them. i'll check with the other guys if it is ok to share the files. if not, would still be great to jump on a call and get your feedback. thanks! tobias
@allison yes, i will use it a lot in other people's offices, also as a tool for my computer. thanks! tobias
@erik sunde yes, although we recommend using it as a slide to the left. this is better from the usability.
@zyge 4.1 or 4.2 is just a question of the stack running of the hardware. we want to update to 4.2 as soon as it is available. it also looks like they might start supporting mesh networking with 4.2. we'll keep you updated.
@jeroen uploading right now.
@skypax you can add an extra backplate by increasing your existing pledge by 10 euros or 15 euros for a stand from solid wood. thanks!
@pedrag yes
hi senic team, option "pledge €249 or more" contains backplates for nuimo's? thanks!
@nuimo team i believe i read early somewhere in the comments that the backplate for some backers up to a certain point (at the time) was free. is this the case and if so how can we find out if we get one for free or we actually need to pay extra? thanks
any last minute videos?
what bluetooth the nuimo will have? 4.1 or 4.2? 4.2 is best! it can connect more devices in time time!
by the looks of your gatt (https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff), it seems that press_left and swipe_left on the capacitive touch sensor can be programmed with different actions. does press_left mean that i can touch the left side of the pad to initiate a command? none of the released videos shows an off-center press.
@allison: it has bluetooth, so yes, if your phone /computer in your office has bluetooth.
wow! the 48h notification caused a nice jump! let's go for the 400% stretch goal!
can this be used outside of the home?  like in an office?
@creator re the charging situation: as the (micro?) usb is clearly at the bottom, please have a look the option of having the wsken adaptor i linked to and if machining is not done (what i asume) foresee the neccessary clearance at the bottom for it. i know it may be not the most futureproof solution, but i don't need to explain the usefulness of jumping onto an existing solution to you... if you would simply mill your wooden stands to let the usb cable end snuggle in (no considerable additional manufactiring costs involved) you had a nice "rest on" charging cradle readi at hand.  and if you are not willing to, would you mind sharing step or dwg files of the nuimo so we could make our own solutions?
@senic: i was pointing rené to the page you describe the programming capabilities you will offer. i personally did not ask for an sdk/api beside my feature request to have daemon to trigger scripts. which might cover most, if not all my needs. which doesn't mean i wouldn't start to program if i come up with an idea. and if there's some kind of come together, i think there's a chance to join for a malt beer ;-)
@creator i am happy with the content you have given. it was not my point. my point was to make content to also attract new backers. i know that the more backer the better the product will be so it is in everyones interest :)
@creator if we keep numio plugged into the wall socket via usb, will it have a diminishing effect on the 4 months lipo rechargable battery life? hope we are able to prolong it as long as possible as it is not removable. ps: increased my pledge to 3 units (wall & desk mounts).
@ciaran, yes, you're fine :) thanks!
@michael yes, what specifically are you thinking off?
@hmb - we would have liked to do it this way but that's not possible with a simple usb charger because it has to be on the bottom. we will have to build a little stand / plate to do that but we have to focus on building the device first. since you don't have to recharge it all the time though it's not a problem. - hard to tell. depends on how quickly the large companies adopt but we're sure it will be fine for the next 2 years min. - it's easier to use a standard usb. - yes, a dock would be great but requires engineering and manufacturing work again (months of work) and we cannot do that at the same time as building nuimo. definitely considering this as a future accessory though.
@mikael no we have not tested it with games, let us know what you can think off!
@rene very cool. yes, we give you simple bluetooth commands you can work with. check this to get a first idea: https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff
@steve cool!
@pontus @ben again, i apologize if there is confusion or if you're not satisfied with the content we give you.  we thought it would be interesting for people to learn about the process on how our device is designed and manufactured. as far as use cases is concerned we focused on showing people in real life so people see how good it is first hand and spend a lot of time preparing for pioneers festival in vienna and the design fair in berlin. i'm filming another use case right now and hope to upload it within the next hours though and will make sure to focus on this more. please keep the feedback coming. as far as the backplate is concerned, i see how this became confusing and i apologize for it. if i was a buyer i would see it the same way but it really does make a huge difference from the maker side. please understand this. also we didn't have an opportunity to make this any clearer because kickstarter doesn't allow to change descriptions or anything else after saving. i hope you still see that we're investing a lot of time, effort and love into the product and the campaign. we want to create something of value for people and i hope you guys can see that. if not, than i will take this seriously and try to adopt to it as much as possible. thanks! tobias
+1 pontus.  @nuimo, your update doen't really entice any new backer or confidence in your product. you should post production update, usage case video, etc. the whole wall mount debacle also not helping. like everyone already said perfectly,  i'm still puzzled on why you differentiate the inclusion between early bird and normal pledge as it doesn't make sense (regardless on how much it cost you).
@creators i strongly suggest you rethink the way the stretch goal has been formulated. it should work as an incentive for new backers to pledge but with the whole "what pledge is getting and not getting a wall mount" debacle i think it is very unclear to new backers if they would even benefit for reaching the stretch goal. i understand you arguments about costs but the whole reason for having early birds and normal pledges is that they should offer the same content but early birds should get a lower price for backing early. it is a driver for creating interest in the project and for spreading the word faster. anyway that is what it is but please try to clarify. 1. if the next stretch goal is met, will all pledges get 1 extra wall mount? meaning that the "normal" pledges would get 2 wall mounts and early birds would get 1 wall mount? 2. if i pledge extra for a wall mount, will i still get the extra wall mount if the stretch goal is met? it has been quite unclear in the comments since there has been talk of beer as compensation for backers who bought the extra plate in the event that the stretch goal is met. if all these things are 100% clear i think it will be easier to get some new pledges in the last hours of the campaign. unclear conditions will keep new backars away. i also agree with @hmb regarding the updates. if you want more backers you need to put up updates that draw interest. it is nice for the existing backers with the blog content but it doesnt really drive any new interest in my opinion. better to have more videos of what you can actually do with the nuimo. then save the blog for when we are all waiting for the nuimo to be produced :)
i hesitated between the stand and the wall mounter but now that backerclub members (http://bit.ly/backerclubmember) get a free wall mounter, i will add a stand for myself :-)
either way, i'll figure it out.. as long as there is documentation. i'm an experienced developer who work with software development full time + a lot of my spare time :p
@michael as far as i understand, there'll be some kind of sdk that allows developers to integrate nuimo into their apps.
@senic: i saw your call to continue pledging. if you make such a request, i think it is much stronger if you include your *product* in such an update. especially if you can show something new (some designs of the app, something that appeared from the facebook beta group, some work in progress, something longer than one shot from the vienna event where you were, anything). are you planning to show something like that before the kickstarter campaign closes? besides that - about the charging. assuming that you've put a micro-usb socket on the back. - is it possible to use nuimo while it's being charged / can nuimo lay on its back without damaging the connector while charging? - how future-proof is micro-usb, with usb-c looking around the corner? - and isn't a simple 5v connection with sunken contact surfaces an easier / more reliable way make a dock for? a micro-usb connector needs to be plugged in carefully and in a specific orientation.
hi, i have added €25 to have the wall stand and wood stand included, i hope this is ok?
can nuimo become an active clock or notification display?
@rené: i think some kind of low level support (using the blue tooth stack) shouldn't be the problem (see the well hidden senic blog: https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff). and over here: https://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests (which is nicely hidden below one of the videos in the update section ;-) i requested some general driver/daemon which would allow to trigger scripts or start other programs. depending on the level of programming i think you can integrate nuimo in your environment either way.
have you tested any games with the nuimo? can it be used without any special programming? is every single game considered "additional software" will there be a need to make it special to work with need for speed, dirt, f1, flatout, grid, little racers, stcc far cry, gta, cod, battlefield, watch dogs, maffia ii
i am developing my own home automation app (because i have all kinds of different devices, and no app with support for all of them). i am looking forward to develop nuimo support to it aswell!
@mikael thanks for the tips. we're working down the request list. you can request additional software and devices here: heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests thanks! tobias
@amkap  we considered many different options from wireless charging to a charging plate but were consulted by many experienced engineers to go for a standard micro usb port. the slot in the stand is something we're still considering but it would only one specific cable (that we send) because all cables are different. but we'll send out a survey for this, no worries. i wish i could tell you to just add 89 euros but we cannot afford that and it wouldn't be fair to others. please add 129 euros. thanks a lot for the support! tobias
re the charging situation. i understood currently micro usb is the only way. as much i embrace the idea of a charger cradle i yet need to see a micro usb based one that works without fiddling both hands involved. so highly anticipating the nuimo i just acquired this here: http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/b00vvje6qs… and i think if nuimo allows unobstrusively attaching this (requires a 2mm clearance) it could make for some perfect rest cradle once the nuimo cries for a refill...
please make a video when you are playing games using the nuimo  i want to see: * racing games nfs, dirt or similar * fps (while driving) far cry 4, gta 5 or similar * mixed mode, playing games with the nuimo and fast switch to control music while in the game
given wireless charging isn't possible, can you confirm how the nuimo is likely to be charged? i assume micro usb with wall plug ? also, is it possible for the solid wood stand to be a dock instead? even if it just has grooves and holes in it to allow a micro usb cable to be threaded to the nuimo that would perhaps allow the device to be charged while it is on its stand. would it be possible to see the underside of the nuimo including where the microusb port is? finally, i know others have tried explaining this already, but can you please confirm what amount i should add for a second nuimo device as i am an early bird backer, so would it be 89 euro or something more? many thanks.
@jeroen we will. hopefully this coming week. thanks!
@glenn that's what we thought too. i assume yes but there is too little information to tell yet.
@timothy the emberlight guys are friends of ours. definitely want to integrate.
@jonny @klaus guys, the beer is on me! :) can't wait for it.
@hmb  we considered it. but it would involve engineering again, electronics, certification etc. ee can't do that much with our small team :)
@klaus @jonny will do :) thanks guys!
could you please do a demo video with a raspberry pi?
any chance of this supporting the new apple music?
integration with emberlight and lightfreq possible? =/
@jonas: gather it's time for a survey how many here and ther have backed both ;) never seen 2 campaigns expectedly to got togehter so nicely..
backed! looking forward to the neeo integration :)
thanks klaus. actually we should all be buying the senic team more than a few beers in berlin!
or will there be some kind of wireless charging?
hi senic! thank you for your clarifying answers and the updates! the backplate and holders look great! i haven't read yet how you plan to do the charging - is there a possibility to give the wooden holders charging contacts? it might be something for a next version :) throwing a party is a cool idea, it would be nice if you could do the party in a weekend and announce it some time in advance so that people can put it in their schedule. maybe a barbecue / picknick party in a park is a nice idea for during the day :)
sorry this won't let correct you:139,- gives you a second nuimo plus bp for both of course ;)
@ johnny and all: actually it's pretty staright forward: maths were wrong as i pointed out much earlier, but early birds were always promoted not including bp. so this makes 99,-, 119,- for the earlies in total to put them on the same package level as the 129,-, so even with maths wrong it still gives you a little headstart. second nuimo: with limited early birds offerings gone, only regular (incl. backplate are open now. so, you would have to  add 129,- wto get you a second nuimo including one (1) backplate... if you want a backplate for your early bird without and a second one with that makes a 129,- addition.... still fair as 2 nuimos (without bp) would have run you 250,- from the start, so at least i am still happy even if we run across the 400% - just count me in challenging you guys for a beer in berlin!
@creator (tobias) thanks for flagging the discrepancies in the original campaign pricing please could you maybe help clarify this up-front in the faq (go to campaign > faq) or include in your next (final) update as i am not sure everyone wants to read through all the 260 comments in sequence! i am still not 100% clear which pledges come with or without a backplate but my read from comments today is that neither the early bird special €89 or the early bird €109 have the plate included so we would need to add this by pledging an extra €10. it is also unclear what 'standard' amount we should pledge to get an extra nuimo. is this €129 (being the only pledge with backplate)? so any pledgers at €89, €109 or €129 need to pledge the standard nuimo price of €129 to get a second nuimo without paying extra for shipping? or would someone who originally pledged €89 just double their original pledge? thanks for clarity.
@michael @jonny i mentioned this in an earlier post as well. the percentages for the normal price is not correct and i apologize for this.  we made a mistake in the beginning but kickstarter won't let us change anything after we saved it. we contacted them because of it but that's just how it is.  the absolut prices are correct though.  sorry again for the inconvenience. we would also like to have more control over it. thanks for understanding and the support. hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend! tobias
@jonny: yes you're right. the math doesn't work out.
@senic what is the "current normal price" please to add another nuimo to a pledge?
@andreas  it is done magnetically but we use one mechanical part which gives it  a) a bit more stability b) automatic orientation
@rene 1: if you want another one, please increase by the current, normal price. 2: yes, you can increase it without loosing your early bird special :)
@marv  and yes, there is a tiny rubber ring on the bottom which gives it stickiness.
michael i'm not sure that clarifies. so the 'early bird special (45% off retail)' at €109 has no backplate but the 'nuimo (30% off retail) + special backplate' at €129 does? i'm sorry but the maths simply doesn't stack up then and senic need to clear up this confusion. if nuimo retails at €198 (-45%=€109) then the the nuimo at -30% off = €139 but instead this is priced €129 and comes with backplate. senic over to you guys!
@marv  yes, that's a good idea. are you in berlin? how about we through a day party as long is the weather is this nice?
@michael @jonny @ingo i apologize if there is any kind of confusion. that is not our intention. one of the issues is that we cannot change many of the descriptions on kickstarter after saving and we didn't make it clear enough from the beginning. that's why i tried to make it more clear through the updates. the early bird special does not include a backplate by default. the only reason we can offer the backplate with the normal price is because it's more expensive so we can cover the cost for the backplate. it seems like simple thing but it also requires a lot of engineering work, machine setup, tooling and material cost. yes, if we reach 400% you get the option to get another one for free. the normal thing in crowdfunding campaigns is that you get another spike in the last three days because the campaign is running out so i believe there is a good chance for that and you can help by sharing with your friends :) we offered the backplate for early bird backers but mostly because people told us that they wanted to get more than one backplate. from our user testing we would also suggest that. we use one backplate in the living room next to our door and one in the kitchen when we're cooking. i hope this clarifies things. again, sorry if there is confusion. we want to make it simple for everyone and give as much as feasible with the resources we have. tobias
about the backplates: --- so far i see it works as follows. i might be wrong, but looking at the information from senic: ** quotation from update 4: "- at 400% funding we will ship people who bought a nuimo until that point one backplate mounting - completely free." which only(!) make sense if no backplate is included. ** see also senics comment here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/802159142/nuimo-seamless-smart-home-interface/comments… (and other positions). which also says 'no backplate' because the cost. my conclusion out of this: unless it is not mentioned the reward does not contain a backplate. unless we hit the 400% goal. which means kickstarter backed (i assume) nuimo will come with a backplate. currently i'm skeptic that the project will raise additional 30000€ to reach this point. but i agree there a lot of places which allows some room for confusion. especially if your assumption does not align with the one from senic.
ok now i'm confused as i see are others! @creator does the 'early bird special' at €109 (plus shipping) come with backplate? i'm assuming so! so pledging the extra +€10 adds a second backplate should we want to add a second mounting location? and for anyone adding a second nuimo what do they add to their pledge - the value of their existing pledge, doubled?  so if i had initially pledged a super early bird special that would be +€89 or if my pledge was an early bird special i would just need to add +€109?
hey, you should throw a party and invite all backers. could be a nice get-together, sometime between post-funding and pre-shipping. one question regarding the wood base, is it just wood or does it have a sticky bottom or so, to stay in place?
@ingo: no it doesn't which makes the early bird tiers not that interesting as they look like. i really wonder if we reach the 400% stretch goal. because that says backplates for each backed nuimo. so those people who added the cash to receive a backplate will reduce the pledge which may bring the total below the 400% mark...
i'm a bit confused about the whole backplate offering. the second "pledge €129 or more" description says it includes one. so does that mean the new backplate offering is an additional backplate for a second location? and does the early-bird also include one?
hey, can you point out how nuimo is holding at the wall mount? is is done mechanically or magnetically? thanks and keep up the good work!
i am a super early bird and i have two questions. 1: i know this is probably a no, but do i pay the same for extra nuimo's as for the first one (89€)?  2: is it possible to increase my pledge for extra units, without losing my super early bird slot?
@vj k @karsten yes, that's not a problem.  and karsten: two beer!! at least! thaaaaanks! tobias
i added the 50€ i am speculating on the beer! ;)
for me the same situation as karsten ... so can we increase with 20 ? and you will deliver them?
question 1 backed 2 nuimos 1@ indiegogo and 1 @ kickstarter both with shipping i also need 2 wallmounts and 2 stands (dark ones) because i want 2 black nuimos. costs 50€ can i add the amount for the accessoires on kickstarter for my nuimo backed @ indiegogo??? what happens if you reach the 400%? do i get my 30€ back for the wall mount or do you sponsor me a beer when i  visit berlin in the future? ;)
good to know! thanks again for pointing this out! tobias
on indiegogo you can have multiple perks but not on kickstarter but your last update explains it good.
just posted an update. thanks!!
@darryl  oh, i see. thank you very much for pointing this out. i will write an update right now. you need to increase your existing pledge. let's say you pledged 139e before, than change your pledge to 154e to get a wooden stand. i'm sorry for this inconvenience. we cannot influence this.
@stevens i copied the text straight from kickstarter and pasted it in the update. is this text confusing? i can can change it. do you have a suggestion? or is there something i don't understand? thanks!! original text from kickstarter: visit the project page and click the blue “manage" button that appears next to your pledge amount. enter a new amount in the pledge amount box. note that you are not adding to your existing pledge; the amount you enter will be the total amount collected if the project is successfully funded.
how can i add the wooden base? i can't pledge two perks. do i add 15 to my pledge?
hi nuimo, you can't get multiple perks in kickstarter. you should advice people to manage there pledge by the needed amount.
@ciprian yes, our ring gives you over 1000 measurement points per rotation but the software allows you to use only the ones needed. this will depend on your application. for music for example, you will probably need only 20 steps while adjusting sliders requires 100 points. you don't have to worry, we will map the right sensitivity for the specific use case. do you think we should offer to adjust the sensitivity manually at some point for advanced users? tobias
@michael r. wil do within the next 3 hours. on it right now. tobias
@michaelandrian yes :)
is it possible to adjust the sensitivity of the ring and gesture feature? it seems too sensitive.
@michaelandrian: my assumption is: as long as your ipad has bluetoothle it will work. for example my trusty ipad 2 for example is to old. and support for android is planned. but i think senic will answer your questions in more detail. but they seem to be busy to prepare the nuimo launch.
@senic: you should defiantly post this --- "- what kickstarter told us is that you can simply increase your existing pledge. simply add the amount of an additional nuimo would cost (without shipping) and that's it." --- prominent to the project page and post an update about this possibility! of course only if you're willing to support this. this has the chance to give this a nice boost to the total number. and remember to ask the right questions in the questionnaire you're creating short time before delivery (e.g. individual colors and customization of each single nuimo, ...).
can nuimo connect to my ipad? will nuimo have their own app for ios and android?
@peter just send us an email to hi@senic.com and we can arrange a meeting for next week or the following. looking forward to meet you!! tobias
@jean-stefane @hmb first of all, i apologize if we're not able to react quick enough. we're doing a lot of work behind the scenes that can't be seen right away. but for your questions: - what kickstarter told us is that you can simply increase your existing pledge. simply add the amount of an additional nuimo would cost (without shipping) and that's it. - tomorrow (friday) we will add the plate as an extra accessory perk. we will also add a stand made out of solid wood. - more use cases: yes, fully understand that. we will try to post something tomorrow. one use case is the connection with arduino which we can definitely post but we will try to film more asap. - ble meshing is something we're desperately waiting for. it's not there yet from the support side but will definitely be one of the first to jump on it. - not rude at all :) you're not funding anyone except our project and yourself. i know something like a backplate seems like something very simple but there is also quite some engineering involved and it also costs quite some money (we're not using cheap plastic) so we had to calculate it at this point. i'm pretty confident that we will reach this point though. if you need more backplates, you will be able to back them starting tomorrow. really really appreciate your questions and feedback. i can promise you that we're working very hard to get everyone a great product at high quality. tobias
excellent questions hmb! i too would certainly consider getting a second nuimo and would purchase a could of plates, but can't right now without losing the benefits of my early bird pledge. we are getting to the point when many will consider keeping our pledge, possibly increasing our pledge or withdrawing our pledge. information has a very positive impact on all of this!
i think there are a few questions left open. since there is not much time left, i'd like to know the outcome of them before the kick starter project closes :) - have you found any way to make multiple pledges, eg. by allowing to pledge the extra amount and write in a personal message what you want? there is not much time left and it might give your kickstarter a boost. also it will allow people who have an early bird to order more than one nuimo. personally i would like to make an additional pledge, but without some workaround it requires that i pay double shipping costs and create an extra account... - also i'm wondering how it's going with the wall plates. when will it be possible to order them? will it be possible to choose a wallplate instead of engraving? - it would be cool if you would show more of nuimo in use. work in progress is not a problem - on the contrary, it is actually very interesting to follow the progress of the development, also of the smartphone app and desktop application that you're working on. i saw a screenshot / design of the desktop application you made for flow (nuimo's predecessor) on the indiegogo site, it would be cool to see more of it. videos of it would be even better. - is ble meshing support something you plan to support in the future (i know you answered that you will have firmware updates, but that was a very general answer) - this isn't meant to be rude - is there a reason why the kickstarter project needs so much extra money/backers to reach stretch goals (like a much-wanted, but seemingly simple wall plate), while the indiegogo backers get a free upgrade (upgraded flow to nuimo plus their wall plate stretch goal), and the crowd funding market might have been already partly saturated after the upgraded indiegogo campaign? are we (kickstarter) backers indirectly funding the indiegogo upgrades? i'm looking forward to more updates on your great product!
@projektgründer tobias; thanks for the quick answer! neeo is backed quite a while ago...waiting for it´s shipement :-) would love to drop by and have a closer look!!! how do we make an appointment?
@patrick  noted! you can also add and vote for applications and devices here.  heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests we'll work down the list of the most requested integrations. tobias
@hmb got it! very excited about it. keeping very close eyes on it.
@patrick  working on it :) we're a small team so we need to take it step by step. great feedback! tobias
@klaus @michael we intend to make it very straight forward for everyone and give away as much as we can effort.  all the materials we use are very high quality materials and we need to make sure we can finance even things like the backplate. but you can trust me that we want to give our early backer community as much as feasible. thanks for the support! tobias
@niels we simply give out bluetooth commands and you can do whatever you can dream of with it. here is a blog post as a first reference: https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff thanks for the support! tobias
@peter the way we intend to do is that you don't need to have the app open actively but in the background. the most convenient way would be to use a hub like logitech harmony / neeo or something simple as a raspberry pi.  about the range, it's hard to say. we also live in a building like yours in berlin and it works where it's meant to use in the living room and kitchen. we're gonna publish a video this week which give you a bit more idea about the range. thanks for backing! would love to show you in person if you're in berlin. tobias
hi nuimo team, i pledged last weekend and since then i´m speculating in how the philips hue and sonos integration would work. i´ve tried to find and understand all information on these pages and this is my interpretation from all answers found:  -	the nuimo always has to connect to another bluetooth device to work. (in my case an ipad mini) -	when using nuimo with philips hue as a light switch -  the ipad has to be switched on with the philips hue app in focus before it will work? -	when i want to switch the nuimo hue to sonos, i´ve to change the sonos app on my ipad into focus before i can use the nuimo controls? i hope i misunderstood because when i´ve to switch apps in focus on my ipad, it would be faster and easier to use the ipad right away. (sonos & hue are the nuimo-situations/apps which i probably would use most) and in both cases my ipad has to be “in bluetooth range” so the nuimo can connect?  this worries me a little…because i´m living in a real old berlin apartment with thick walls and so far i don´t have that many positive experiences with bluetooth yet. (e.g. my bluetooth headset for the tv stops working when i walk out of the tv room…) what are your experiences? would love to help “testing” in my apartment! cheers and best regards from berlin - wilmersdorf peterb
does the nuimo allow a user to add features? as in drivers, api, etc?
although it's a bit early, i think it's also worth it to keep an eye on the google weave protocol for integration with other devices. it is expected to be available in q4, around the release of nuimo.
and will neeo be able to interact with bose soundtouch, as you made it compatible with sonos?
i just think that it's an important and nice feature if nuimo could interact with ir devices, so it could control all the devices in a household home. yes, you could just add the possibility of acting as a controler interface for the logitech smart hub or for neeo, but i think that you would be able to make your own hub, so everything comes from one company.
@klaus: yes, senic should consider the the possibility to pledge for a second one (like "add 129€ including shipment for an additional black or white nuimo") would help us to get the additional 300 devices to reach the backplate stretch goal. i see a small problem with offering the backplate for 20€: if the project is just a little over the 400% mark. most if not all (super-)early bird backers asking for the backplate will reduce the pledge (as the backplate is included). this will probably bring us below the 400%. still it would be interesting to see the oscillation frequency of the process if the backers increases again :-)
yeah. that backplate thing... as said initially early bird offers end um with a higher retail without than the 129,- perk with backplate. all in all i sugest either  a trade in engraving for backplate or offer it for 20,- to the (super) early birds, which would make 109,- for the supers and lift earlies without on level as early with. sounds just fail imho. if you, however manage to release double pledges... can't i just go for a second nuimo, eg. the one for  129,- incl. plate? ;)
@shane sounds awesome. you can add the integration here and vote on it as well :) http://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests
@nathan once we hit 400%, everybody who has backed until this point will get one. we have to do it this way because it costs quite some money to make it. a lot of people asked this question though so we're going to add it as an accessory perk as well (without extra shipping cost). tobias
@nathan @michael yes, exactly. you need something to connect to which can be your smartphone, your computer or one of the smart home hubs (like neeo, smartthings, logitech harmony etc.).  the reason we did this is because people preferred a long lasting battery and direct connection to their smartphone and other devices.  we're working on creating super low cost connecting alternatives like the raspberry pi as well.  @michael there are no limitations. i think we will be able to show you a video of the raspberry pi connection and publish some code before the end of the campaign.  tobias
@nathan: yes, bluetooth le (low energy) only. you need either a mobile, a (small) computer or a bluetooth bridge to connect to your local (w)lan. actually a question to senic: is a raspberrypi supported as a bridge? or as a more general question: are there special requirements for such a bridge to support the nuimo? and yes, so far no backplate unless otherwise noted. but behold: the 400% stretchgoal brings a backplate to everyone. but here we still need some 44.000€ which is reachable during this period.
also does the "pledge €109 or more" early bird special come with the backplate, or do i need to get the €129 option (even though it's only 30% off instead of the 45% off)
does the fact that it uses bluetooth mean that it always needs to be connected to a mobile device or computer to work? it has no wifi, so can't connect directly to the router with no intermediate?
would like to see an interface with harman kardon's wireless hd multi-room audio system.
would like to see support for harman kardon's wireless hd multi-room audio system. :)
@hmb yes :) we'll share some videos :)
@hmb yea, we'll also implement firmware updates over the air
@bernard 0_0 wooow. thanks for sharing this!!, that's awesome. let's put all of this on a website. we'll share it next week!
@patrick this sounds really interesting. can you point me to one of the convertters? thanks!! tobias
@niels thanks so much!!! already talking to them :) tobias
@sean thanks. we're gonna add it early next week (without extra cost for shipping) and let everybody know through an update. thanks for the support! tobias
@dercobold once we hit 400% everybody who has backed until that moment will get a backplate. the regular version is much more expencive why we can add a backplate. for the early bird, many people preferred a cheaper version but this didn't allow us to have a backplate by default because it is made from high quality materials and costs quite some money to make. we're gonna add the backplate seperately (without extra shipping) since many of you asked. thanks for the feedback! tobias
@klaus  we know. the problem was that we made a mistake in the description in the beginning but kickstarter won't let you adjust ay of the dscription once you confirmed it. we've ben writing them and are still waiting for their response. but the pricesthemselves are all correct. we're also going to oer the backplate seperately soon because a lot of people asked. thans for pointing it out!
yeah, "xx% off retail" should have all all referred to the very same package. the backplate included was added later on. just, that's not only misleading, in fact and twists the discount figures somewhat to absurdity. a little math and look at this: super early bird @ 89,- 55 off, early bird @109,- 45 off: retail  nuimo, no backplate: 198,-. regular @129,- w 30 off:  retail nuimo, with backplate 184,- ??? i think this clearly should be addressed, or some early birds may feel fleeced for a reason. i could suggest to offer a between engraving and backplate.
the regular backers (30% off retail) are getting the the backplate for mouting at no extra costs. the early birds don't. thought this would only part of the 400% stretch goal. any chance for the early birds to get also the backplate?
@creator i pledged for the early bird special, but now i noticed that the backplate for mounting is not included with this pledge. is it possible to pay more and get the plate?
hi nuimo team, i just pledged. i pledged mainly because i think the product would be the perfect fit with neeo. hopefully your team and the neeo team can make this happen, i think that both products could strengthen each other. i am looking forward to see the magic happen :-)
@jph - these are the projects i've backed that either already integrate with other projects or could quite conceivably do so if apis were available and there was not enough interest from either party. these should all play nicely together: ezeecube (igg) - a kodi/xbmc set-top box with built-in hdd.  neeo will support kodi but several of us have asked for deeper integration with ezeecube if possible. neeo (kick) lifx (kick) nuimoo (kick) integration possible: musaic (kick) - devs reached out to neeo.  not sure what the response was. theatre box (kick) blumoo (igg) airtame (igg) matchstick (kick) pebble (orig.) & pebble time steel (kick) franhoufer fs-x speakers (kick) spin remote (kick) bloomsky (kick) stormtag (kick) ubi (kick) - still very much beta  i can use it with iftt to do things like turn on my lifx bulbs with a voice command another project that should fit in nicely is called branto and is about to relaunch on kickstarter. what the crowdfunding community needs is a forum or alliance devoted to fostering integration amongst the tech projects.  something similar to backerclub perhaps.
will it be possible to control bose sound touch with nuimo, which is similar to sonos? and why don't you add an wireless ir converter, which takes the commands of nuimo and converts them into infra red? that world be really useful, and important for the product. thanks
@bernard - first of all sorry to take up valuable comment space but i'm also slowing building quite the array of awesome devices (this clearly being one of them :) ) but i'm curious what others you are amassing?
yes, that is wonderful news and i would imagine they would jump the gun and supply you with a development sample right away ;)
@creator - great to hear about the neeo integration.  i'm slowing building a home eco-system of kickstarter/indiegogo-derived smart devices that speak a lingua franca. @hmb - i've seen a few different methods of allowing backers to pledge for multiple devices.   - i still see projects offering multiple device tiers - some project creators will ask you to add the cost of the additional device(s) to your current pledge and then capture this somehow (this results in more work for the creator though). - i've seen some projects run a pseudo-campaign on their own site at the same time and accept paypal payments for extras and/or people who can't/won't use a credit card.  any money received via this stream is counted towards stretch goals as well.  (more work for the creator as well) - a lot of projects are now using backerkit to handle post-campaign logistics instead of kickstarter's one-off survey functionality.  these projects will usually also allow you to purchase additional units/extras after the campaign has finished
will you post video / photos from your experiences at the pioneers festival? i'd love to meet you and try it already!
as for firmware updates - i could think of situations where progressive insight is a reason to improve your firmware. maybe some low battery warning, maybe different double-tap behavior. for customers it is great if a product keeps getting better, and for a company it is a way to do something with the customers' feedback after they try it.
@creator thank you for your replies! i understand that the range depends on walls etc (especially thick concrete ones containing reinforcement steel). a video would be cool, although in general - having a solution where you do not need to worry about range and where you just can take nuimo with you in the house would be even better (living room / kitchen / bedroom). that's why that bluetooth mesh networking option sounds very interesting - will that require different hardware or is it possible to deliver that using a firmware upgrade? do you have plans on implementing that? will it be possible to upgrade the firmware after you ship it to your customers? i saw that the 300% stretch goal is reached, but i'm more interested in a backplate than a name engraving. will it be possible not to choose a customization but a backplate instead? about making multiple pledges - i saw that some projects allow to add the extra money needed (for the extra rewards) to your pledge. you can still select only one reward then, but the other rewards can be requested in a message for example. @other backers: is this a good practice on kickstarters or is there a better way?
@pontus @klaus first of all guys, i want to really thank you for your active involvement. i value it really high and would love to discuss things even further. ok, so: irbeacon: backed and already talking to their founder. they are very excited and are trying to get us one asap.  neeo: pre-ordered and sent them a first email. i'm waiting for their response. but it all looks great!! thanks for sharing!
@hmb  kickstarter doesn't allow this but i will look into it to see if there is other way around it. :) thanks, tobias
@hmb great feedback. thanks. the current version of bluetooth le does not allow meshing yet (this is supposed to change within the next few months). as far as distance is concerned, as a constant user of smart devices i would love to give you a straight forward answer. this truth is, it really depends. in our apartment it's far enough through up to three rooms. if you have metal beams in between this can change for example. i think we should show a video of the range to give you an idea. would that help?
@klaus @eric yes, you will be able to connect it to sonos software running on your phone, computer or move through one of the smart home hubs like logitech or neeo (already contacted). we're also working on integrating it with super low cost versions like a raspberry pi for example.
@hussein you're right. sorry about this. we're in the midst of preparing for pioneers festival in vienna which will start on wednesday and where we will present nuimo to the public hands on for the first time. extra plates and accessories will be made available end of this coming week or beginning of the week after. which interface are you referring to? our haptic interface? thanks! tobias
is there a way of making multiple pledges, without paying double shipping costs? i already pledged for an early bird, but what if i one more nuimo with at least one backing plate? currently it is not possible to make multiple pledges with one account, and when using two accounts, kickstarter will ask for double shipping costs.
you had promised to post stretch goals more explicitly on the site, when will these be up?  also there doesn't seem to be a place to order the backing plates, when will this be possible?  lastly, can you give more details on how the interface works?
@eric: there has been quite some confusion about this and unfortunately the campaign descrition could be a tad more clear about this: nuimo is better understood as a bluetooth remote control. in case of sonos nuimo will control the app (pc, mac, or ios until official android support is confirmed) rather than the hardware itself. this also means at this time you need to have a respective app running in focus. while nuimo should be able to launch the apps, this is unconfirmed and so it would be nice if the creators could jump in on this... still nuimo depends on an app host running somewhere which is why pontus and myself have brought up the request of nuimo interacting with neeo. as the neeo brain speaks bluetooth and the accompanying app centralises all devices under control this would be the perfect managing hub for nuimo(s) and should be widely available on its launch.
another possible integration: irbeacon is a small ir-transmitter that is controlled with ble. it could be used to control all ir-controlled av-equipment. since it uses ble it could be native support or supported through the irbeacon app. please see more here:  https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/irbeacon-smarter-remote-for-a-smarter-home/x/9507185#/story i added it as a suggestion to the voting site: http://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests/suggestions/8105718-irbeacon-ir-transmitter-controlled-by-ble
@creator i shared information about nuimo on the neeo kickstarter page and this is their response: thanks for having shared this. it seems to be a trending topic on their voting site. if they are ready to work on this we will definitively give them early access to the api. thanks
how does nuimo communicate with sono (doesnt sonos use wifi)?
i added an idea on uservoice to let the nuimo ios/android app act as wifi bridge for better coverage and easier integration with e.g. domoticz, home assistant, node.js, python, etc you can share your thoughts and vote at http://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests/suggestions/8087985-better-coverage-and-easier-custom-integration-by-n
hey thank you very much for your response. i would be great, if you could provide a list.
cool product! i'm wondering how you will deal with providing coverage in the whole house? what is the range of the bluetooth signal? you state that nuimo can be paired to a computer or hub - these are fixed devices, and i don't know of bluetooth range extenders. can the nuimo app on ios/android forward the commands over wifi to a server? if the nuimo app itself could act as a wifi bridge, then also makes integration with other home automation software easier (integration with domoticz, home assistant, etc).
i'll be using one of the 2 i ordered at the office as an imac accessory most likely, so i'm really not very happy about it shipping without a backplate... please please find a solution for this!
with regards to base plates and wall mounts a magnetic plate with 2 tabs that will allow for turning the outer ring would be cool. i definitely see it as an absolute must for stands/base plates/wall mounts.
@backers of neeo (or interested in neeo) i added a suggestion to get neeo integrated, please vote :) http://heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests/suggestions/8075658-neeo-remote-controller-ir-av-equipment-z-wave
@jesco i can make a list and link to it. does that work? also you can request more apps and vote for them here: heysenic.uservoice.com/forums/275802-application-requests
@adam yes, double click we are strongly considering. the problem with triple quick is that it is a bad user experience but we will make sure to test it again with some of our backers. thanks for the input!! tobias
@nikolaj thanks for reaching out. yes, sure. we are thinking about introducing a few accessories later on like the mount or a stand for example. let us know what you think. thanks! tobias
@michael thanks! i will check again now. sorry if it takes us a bit to response. will do that now.
@senic i have just read your blog post here https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff and noticed you could include some extra functions in your button sensor gatt profile as you have 7 bits sitting there not doing anything.   you could easily include something like 'double click', 'triple click' etc. if these were added then you would open up much greater control options for the users i.e 1 click to switch a light on/off and a double click to switch it on to a pre-defined brightness like 50%.
hi there you mention that you will include a back plate if you reach the stretch goal of 400%... that's fine and i hope you do. but wouldn't it be fair to include that in all cases or at least inform us backers of the potential cost? regards nikolaj
hi, is it already possible to mention, which apps devices will be supported? the campaign mentions thirty apps, but there are only twelve apps/ devices shown. what are the other ones? will there be a support for avm fritz!dect 200? thank you in advance.
@senic: jepp, that make sense. maybe the size argument is questionable. there are rgb leds with dimensions of 2.5x1mm^2. maybe there even smaller ones. ok, the routing might be problematic if you don't want to introduce an additional pcb layer (cost). with the power that's new to me. as the light energy generated with tree leds instead of one the drive current could be a third. and leds get more efficient running them at lower currents. on the other side the red and greens might not that efficient... but with the other points i fully agree. p.s.: have you seen my message i send you via kickstarter yesterday?
@jean @michael @sidb we tried out rgb. a number of problems: - you never get a true white light since you need to combine all three colors - the form factor is much bigger than normal leds -> too big - it decreases the experience over having beautiful subtle white leds - consume too much power - would mean another redesign we looked at it carefully but it became very clear that pure white leds are the way to go. looks awesome.
yes, interesting idea with some challenges. the other option to rgb would be to increase the resolution/number of pixels.
@sidb: nice idea. depending on the design that might not be that complicated to add the additional row (or column) selectors to drive the matrix. still i would be a bit concerned about the color quality in case of mixed colors (like white). you need very good leds to get an even white dot without seeing the individual red, green and blue diodes of a pixel. especially if you keep in mind that the nuimo is usually at arm length away from the eyes.
hi - have you considered an rgb led matrix as a stretch goal? you could convey so much more info.
can you please do what you can to get sesame smart lock working with this awesome project?:) it is one of the main reasons why i want a nuimo.. and it would be kinda sad if it doesn't get integrated:)
@yoram, we are big fans of noki (they actually launched their campaign the same day as us) and are in the process of reaching out to them to see how we can integrate with nuimo.
theres a company from graz, noki, who produce an electronic lock for european door locks. can you try to integrate that too? for starters i could imagine a simple task such as the doorbell ringing and unlocking the door from another room with the nuimo.
@michael thanks!!
@eyekey considering it and trying it out but it's mechanically challenging. this is one of the updates we're gonna send out within the next weeks.
@amkap 1. yes, we want to also offer a simple graphical tool to setup these icons.  here is a first step on how to get started:  https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff 2. yes, this is done through the back bit if you look at the gatt profiles. 3. yes, we will send more updates and picture of what exactly is possible and what not. 4. thinking about it but won't start development before we shipped this version. 5. exactly. would love to work on this together and share with the community. please send us an email to hi@senic.com
@danial it is rechargeable and can be fully used in denmark. thanks! :)
@pontus yes! will be adopted and added today! thanks for the support. tobias
@ben  maybe it really is a cultural difference in communication as @michael mentioned. again, we're working full steam on all integrations including android. thanks for the support. tobias
+1 @marv for android support. i will need to drop out of my pledge if android support cannot be confirmed.  also not sure why the focus is on ios, since they command less than 20% of market instead of android 80% in almost every country in the world, including germany.  you are limiting this device huge market potential by supporting smaller segment first, instead of the other way around...
when are you going to consider the shipping to chile? let me know as soon if not i need to know to cancel my pledge michael
@creator regarding the questions you have been getting about android. i think i speak for most android backers  when i say that i do not care if android is supported later or if the development is delayed. i just want to know an estimated timeplan and you have delivered that in the comments. and i also appreciate the transparency, then it is easy to understand.  what i think has confused many is that you cant really make out anything at all by reading the campaign text. backers are just scared of not getting a product they can actually use. you have convinced me at least and i love your passion for this product and the frequency of your comments. keep up the good work!  and as a suggestion, please add a clarification on what you intend to support in the campaign text. it does not need to be about when you implement the support for different os but at least that you intend to do it. maybe add it in the faq section.
@amkap: i heard they just increased the size compared to their early models and i could imagine thta is due to component count and the led matrix being implemented. also i don't think the gestures would work well on a smaller sensor area.  re the icons i could rather imagine a later revision will replace the matrix with a oled display tucked under the semi opaque hood....
oh... maybe i have misunderstood something... is it rechargeable or is it powered with batteries?:) but i also mean in general.. is it fully compatible with denmark? apps, language and so on. can the app be downloaded in denmark. just all features in mind.:) it will be sad to buy it and not being able to use it.
can the 11x11 matrix display be programmed with custom icons?  also, can this device receive notifications and updates from other apps? e.g. i wanted to display the current temperature or other notification on the display when i'm not actively using the device. equally can the button assignments be changed on the fly based on what i'm doing on my phone or pc etc. also, are you thinking of creating mini versions of the nuimo for use away from the home eg. in the car or attached to a key fob, similar to the satechi devices but with way more programmable functionality. finally, +1 on raspberry pi integration, i'm assuming this would be simply be pairing with bluetooth and then sending commands which a script or app on the raspi would interpret?
nice to see the clash of cultures at full steam :-) germans trend to be a bit more pessimistic than other cultures used to. if germans say 'very likely' that would be translated in some other cultures 'absolutely sure'. they usually want to be 110% sure before they say 'it looks promising that we can deliver tat feature'. and to be honest i would like to see an positive surprise than the blaming if some features will be delivered late or never. the ks history holds several bad examples of false promises and bad talking if something went not as expected by the backers. note: i'm a german too ;-)
i am asking myself: if you turn the outside wheel, is there a haptic feedback (click, click, click)?
@maro awesome!! us too. great idea. let's do that!!
@ingo you can also develop with the normal nuimo version.  as michael said, the advantage is that you get nuimo earlier and a special skype handle and email address for full and direct support from us.  we're actually working on the same integration that you're looking for. how about working on it together. this would benefit the entire community. do you want to send an email to hi@senic.com to start a conversation? thanks! tobias
@marv please take a step back for a second. we're a group of passionate people who work an average of more than 14 hours a day, 7 days a week and we have every true intention of being as transparent and stay true to what we promise. i strongly believe that it is far better to be transparent and honest about progress than promising them things blindly and then not holding up to that. so i want to repeat this clearly again in this comment and i will add this to the page as well: we have every intention to support ios and android by the time of shipping. but reality is also that if i made a promise about that, i would be lying because there is no way of knowing this yet. this is not how software and hardware development works. i'm confident that we will make it but there might be a few weeks of delay. or we might even be faster. ask me again in a month and i will be able to give you a much clearer answer. this is the truth and i hope people appreciate this. please let me know if you have any suggestions about this. we would also love to have a more direct conversation if you have more ideas: hi@senic.com thank you, tobias
i have to say i am a bit appalled to find out that this is an ios-only affair right now. especially since one has to read the comments to get to know that. i am pretty sure there are a lot of backers who thought (some probably still do) this works with their non-apple smartphone. after all, the description stresses the universal compatiblity but it says nowhere that it currently only works on ios. while you might deserve a pad on the shoulder for your early success, you also deserve a rap over the knuckles for misleading your supporters. i will stay on the campaign for now, but iuless there are some more specific commitments for android (that means concrete timeline) before the campaign ends, i will back out. not to mention that this makes it pointless to tell others about nuimo.
@ingo: senic wrote this few days ago. i think that the 'dev-edition' holds a special direct access to the senic-devs option: -------- @sidb you're right, we will change the description to make this more clearly. as one of the initial developers backing the developer edition, you will get an earlier version of nuimo, a special phone number / skype handle and email address that you can use to communicate directly with us to get a lot of support. only the first group of developers can get that because it's very time consuming. does that clarify the question? thanks for backing! tobias -------- see also the blog post they lined to in the 'express yourself' chapter here: https://medium.com/@senic/developing-for-the-nuimo-controller-7292becfacff
will i have to buy the developer edition to get access to the api? i don't want to wait for the android version to ship, since i doubt it actually will. i'd like to integrate nuimo into my house via rasppi with a ble stick instead. is this documented? or should i just cancel my "order"?
@karsten awesome! thanks for sharing!! tobias
@dan the most common thing to do would be to simply group several lamps to one group and you then control them the way you would control one. this setup is done through the graphical user interface.
@alice the kickstarter page is the only way to check on these updates at the moment. we post updates very regularly. if you have more input about you ideas, would love to hear. thanks! tobias
@philip got you!! will focus on it. if you have more ideas around it, would love to start a conversation with you. hi@senic.com thanks, tobias
@pascal super, willst du mit der community ein paar fotos / videos teilen? ich glaub das waere fuer jeden hier interessant.
@eyekey awesome! thanks for sharing!!!
@daniel i'm not sure i fully understand your question. can you explain a little more what you mean with charging? thanks! tobias
@bert  ok, no problem. thanks for the support still! i hope you won't be mad once we ship it directly with android. :) definitely would still love to have you in the community and stick around for updates! tobias
ok, i have the feeling that android will come a lot later, therefore i am canceling my pledge. too bad, that was an early bird :)
thanks for the reply!:) just another question, will it support denmark 100%  you know, charging and so on:)
hier ein artikel von neuerdings, der heute veröffentlicht wurde: http://neuerdings.com/2015/05/16/senic-nuimo-vielseitiger-controller-fuer-das-smart-home/
eine super tolle idee! ich bin sehr gespannt auf den nuimo! :) ich bin im moment gerade dran mein smart home einzurichten, so habe ich vor ein paar wochen meine beleuchtung auf die philips hue umgestellt. was mir aber bis jetzt noch gefehlt hat ist ein innovativer schalter fürs licht und dann nach und nach für weitere automationen, der dann mit meinen modernisierungsansprüchen wächst und noch super aussieht und dann noch im nachbarland entworfen und gemacht wird! :)
congrats for getting 1000+ backers! as you mentioned you are planning for stretch goals: a device for the home automation market, especially when having a current focus on ios, has to be compatible with homekit! a focus on this in the next step would be a tremendous booster for your nuimo campaign and the perspective  to optionally integrate nuimo with so many other devices via an apple tv is thrilling.  do you have a timeline for this?
hello, great project, nice colour and shape, attractive. where can see more status of this project, to know better besides waiting? my question is, when this product can be deliver to china? is there a blog or website can check?
hi senic, i love the idea and user interface. what i am not clear about, is how do you control several lights with one nuimo? thanks and good luck!
hi guys, you got an article in the area dvd hp http://www.areadvd.de/news/nuimo-multi-controller-fuer-sonos-smart-home-geraete/ top job!
@peter oh wow. ok. that's extremely interesting then. i will contact them right now! thanks!! tobias
@senic  they've just started shipping. maybe you should drop them a line... the synergies could be endless.
i do mean iphone and android and what you're saying is fully understandable. as i said, our goal is to have it and i'm confident about it but that's not how software development works unfortunately.  we only have two software developers working on it at the moment (looking for a 3rd one) and they have to work down avery long list of tasks.  i think it's better to say it this way rather than promising something for sure and then only giving it to you 2 weeks later. right?  if you have any suggestions to make this more clear, i would love to hear it and change it. would still be great to have you as a backer. you can also send a direct message to hi@senic.com thanks for the support! tobias
no android at launch (for sure) = no pledge from me. not too sure about why you use the word "smartphone" in the campaign information, when in fact you mean "iphone"... seems to be a bit misleading.
@dennis we will try to make as many integrations as possible happen, especially with hubs, we just have to take it step by step. as klaus said, it looks like we have to take a little detour.
@peter this looks very interesting. i don't know what the state of this project is. it sounds like it will take a while to come out. but still, very interesting!
@michael i will look into it! thanks.
@mikael yes, that's possible.  another option to use the commands based on the active window of your computer. for example when switching between photoshop and illustrator.
@daniel we don't have the integration yet but i just put it down on our list of integrations. thanks for pointing it out!!
@klaus  i can recommend to read this blog article we published today. it gives the first introduction towards programming with nuimo. at this moment it is setup as a periphal.  we've been asked about the neeo integration a lot. will contact them right away. sound like a perfect match!
@pontus android is obviously very important. we have to take it step by step though because we're such a small team. we're pushing to have things ready by the time of shipping and i'm confident about it but i don't want to promise something where i can't give you a definite answer yet. i will discuss it with our developer again though. thanks!!
@michael hahaha. that video is priceless.
@jph definitely :d but we're not quite there yet.
@dennis: remenber, rf does not speak bluetooth itself, nuimo currently only supports ios. so it would rely on you having an ipad/pod/phone plus the raumfeld app running... but, yes, me wants too (own raumfeld myself) ;)
support for the raumfeld controller (https://www.raumfeld.com/)
@creator like other people already said, please consider working with neeo (kickstarter) and oomi (indiegogo), so they can natively support nuimo...
do you know the project irbeacon (http://igg.me/at/irb)? integrating that would even open you the way to "non-smart" devices via ir...
hello  can you consider shipping to chile? i'm very excited with this project, i mostly have/use many of the applications you support. thank you
on pc/mac, nuimo switch profiles than per applications for pc/mac it should not be per application but profile. you should be able to control multiple things without switching applications. example controlling sound volume & play, pause, next or previous song on the top of the controller  while turn on the outer ring is used for cad or steering a car in a game.
my question is same as thebelow 'will it be compatible with sesame smart lock? (just been funded on kickstarter)'
will it be compatible with sesame smart lock? (just been funded on kickstarter)
@pontus and mostly creator: seems you must configure your nuimo with a dedicated app that assigns gestures to commands. now the question is: is that via a widget that needs to run on the app host? what happens if widget is open on many app hosts (being a ble master, nuimo would connect to multiple units with active widget. or does the app programm directly to nuimo, whicht supports an internal database for all configured apps and devices? @mikael and also creator: i would prefer the idea of the master because only so it could control multiple devices, then again it rules out to have multiple nuimos for conrolling your home automation system. in any case it underlines the importance of nuimo generically supporting neeo (they have an api available, btw) ;)
@creator two follow-up questions regarding your statement "yes, we will support ios first and then android right after" to make it easier for android users to make up their minds. i am still not sure if i will keep my pledge since there is very vague information about android support. 1. what does "right after" mean? before nuimo is sent to backers?  2. will you make sure the same apps are supported on both platforms?
a mpd client would be great too. can't wait 'till the nuimo will show at my doorstep! but be careful with the possibilities such tools offer: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
worlds coolest apple tv remote?
@sidb you're right, we will change the description to make this more clearly.  as one of the initial developers backing the developer edition, you will get an earlier version of nuimo, a special phone number / skype handle and email address that you can use to communicate directly with us to get a lot of support. only the first group of developers can get that because it's very time consuming.  does that clarify the question? thanks for backing! tobias
i posted this under update#2 but am reposting here for a wider audience (and hopefully a response): according to the linked blog article: "for those who receive a developer edition of nuimo through our kickstarter campaign, we will also open access to our github repo" and then "we will open the access to our git repo and provide anyone with two sample applications". please could you clarify who gets access to your api, and whether a specific "developer" edition of nuimo is required? thanks
@creator  good news! i think you'll get a lot more backers if you are clear about supporting android later on.  another way of getting more backers is to offer support for the already mentioned neeo controller/remote. that would be really awesome and i am sure many of neeo's 6000+ enthusiastic backers would be interested in nuimo. neeo will have an open api.
@pontus  yes, we will support ios first and then android right after. i will make sure to explain this more clearly on the page. thanks for the feedback!
@jonny  it should work then but i will verify for you.
@mikael this is amazing feedback. please feel free to send us an email to hi@senic.com if you want to start a conversation and talk more in detail about these things. awesome!
@stig  fixed now. :)
@philip  we don't have an integration yet and it means a lot of hurdles but we're definitely working towards it.
@chris working on it :) stay tuned.
@mitch we have been extremely transparent about this.  we've told out indiegogo backers far in advance and several times.  it's also written on our kickstarter page.  the vast majority of our ig backers are very happy about this because they also benefit from an improved version at no additional cost.  a lot of people even backed us again here on kickstarter.  i hope you see that we are one of the projects that keeps people updated the most and is extremely transparent about everything we do.  thanks.
*** please note*** this project was called flow on indiegogo last year.  https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-world-s-most-magical-controller i wouldn't trust these guys, its pretty clear they have under estimated the difficulty of their project. i pledged $1 just to come on here and warn people. cheers
goal reached, any stretch goals?
will nuimo be able to communicate with apple homekit?
is it correct that the developer edition is not available for shipping to norway?
switching between devices could be quick access menu hold down the finger and swipe left or right, switching devices. swiping up or down, switching applications
switch between multiple devices make the nuimo master and multiple devices slaves (computers, phones) http://mbientlab.com/blog/bluetooth-low-energy-introduction/ a master (or central) is the ble device that initiates an outgoing connection request to an advertising peripheral device. a slave (or peripheral) is the ble device which accepts an incoming connection request after advertising. a slave can only be connected to one master, but a master can be connected to multiple slaves. in the smartwatch example, your iphone can theoretically connect to multiple smartwatches at the same time. however, your smartwatch can only ever connect to one smartphone at a time. there is no limit in the bluetooth sig on the number of slaves a master can connect to. generally this will be limited by the ble technology or bluetooth stack you use.
danke für die tolle idee! bin gespannt, wie ich nuimo mit meinem raspberry pi zusammenbringen kann :) schade ist die erst beim gebot sichtbar versandgebühr - das ist nicht schön gelöst und intransparent. auch würde es einem deutschen projekt gut zu gesicht stehen, in d kostenlos zu versenden und die wenigen euro einzukalkulieren, die das umgerechnet kostet.
@creator there is a lot of iphones in your material and not one single android phone but at one place you had written smartphone. my question is if you fully support android? are the apps listed supported for both ios and android?
@creator yes halcyon-lighting.co.uk have an open json api which is based on ifttt so it should work?
@mikael we're really looking into it. the only place to put it at the moment is on the bottom which is a mechanical challenge but no worries :) we'll find a solution that brings the best experience. we'll keep you updated. thanks for backing!!!
@jonny if they offen an open api, the integration will take us less than a day.
@michael yes, that was our thinking as well. that's the last piece of the puzzle we're finalizing. whatever it will be, you won't have to pay to charge it off course :d
@michael i agree. we had a first version based on it but the power consumption was just not cool. we're looking into it very much! thanks for the feedback.
@stefan  this is the last thing we're still working on and testing right now. either through a normal cable or we add a little plate. it's a big challenge mechanically. we'll keep you updated.
please add a micro usb port
how do you recharge the nuimo? there is no connector and the battery is a "rechargeble lipo battery" according to your specification https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/003/738/365/054bdf9399022c1915c9a9f34f4e6c15_original.png…
neat. i can see huge potential.  how can i go about finding out if the nuimo could be configured to work with halcyon-lighting.co.uk? similar the philips hue but controlled via web app.
@stefan & @klaus: you know the suimo outer ring is for turning inputs and is doubled as generator. so you must use it regular ;-) no, more serious: good point. but with a estimated battery lifetime of 4 months i would expect lots of people actually could life with an external charging solution (no wasted energy with wireless charging and a wall wart powered 24/7). and if implemented well, the device can even drop of a 'please charge me." mail early enough. at least that would work for me (that's selfish i know). but does it come with a charger at all or do i invest for an extra charger?
@stefan: huh, that's a very good point, indeed. makes me think of a wireless charging wall mount plate to be plugged into a mains outlet or similar....
saw the nuimo on the ks homepage and was impressed right from the beginning. but yes, a wifi enabled version would make it even more interesting. and it seems there are solutions to even power wifi on small dimensions and low power. like the wipy (still looking for backers but the time window is closing soon ;-).
hi! does it ship to hk? (i fill china as destination) thanks!
hi! i am curious about how this thingie is being recharged?
@robin so are we!!! thanks for backing!!!
@klaus  thanks. we don't want anything to be unclear. we will make sure to improve this section. and yes, you're correct. it works passively through your phone computer or smarthome hubs (we're working on integrations with logitech and smartthings just to name a few) we're also working on the other options you mentioned including a low cost hub.  great feedback! thanks!!
@mikolaj yes, to give you just an idea of how this could work.  use one of the commands on the top to jump to the brush and then use the dial to adjust the brush size. we have many software applications as well. we'll show more examples within the next few days.
i´m so excited :)
so, regardlessly of me having backed because i think it's a cool idea ther are a couple of technical details remaining unclear. i guess i have the answer but just for clarification (and it would help to point that out somewhere if or if not i am right): nuimo speaks bt le only. this means it can control directly only devices sytems that support this standard. you explicitely advertise support of a couple of hardware systems philips hue, sonos, wemo that  do not have native bluetooth integration (beside hue to some extent, but again no direct bt control so far) but rely on wifi integration. nuimo, however, does not have wifi. so, it seems nuimo is primarily a device to control apps that in return control the devices which again means it's relying on the apphost being switched on with bt enabled. can you please clarify on this? if i am correct it would appear logic to push a second product in form of a bt le wifi bridge for nuimo that runs on android and hosts the apps. or, you team up with these guys here https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1227115988/neeo-the-thinking-remote as they have the brain, which talks bt and wifi and connects to not only a remote but also app. one would then be able to dedicate a low cost android device with the neeo app and control everything with nuimo....
can nuimo can be used like laptop touchpad/trackpad ? i mostly interested to use this for photoshop/3ds max software. it has some generic functions or all need to be integrated/programmed ? what i mean for example when editing shortcuts in some kind of software i can rotate ring and it will be recognized like ex. mouse scroll ?
i would just like to control my devices, i regullary use at home. like my tv, for switching channel, my speakers for adjusting the volume and maybe the dvd player for playing a movie. those would be awesome features. would be nice if you could add the possiblity of controlling ir devices, cause not everything is smart at home. i'm really looking forward for nuimo! ;)
@patrick nuimo speaks bluetooth le. if you use a smart tv, there is a good chance you will be able to control it. what specifically are you looking to do?
@ivan we'll update the campaign about accessories within the next few days. we have a few cool new ones. i think you're gonna like it :)
@vj k just before ks. we sent an update to all other backers that we have an updated timeline because we integrated the suggestions and improved the product based on that feedback.
hi thobias, is it that even igg backers also get the perks in oct?
hi does the unit come with the wall mount option as shown in the video? would it also have a pouch like on indiegogo? thanks
why no shipping to new zealand?
does nuimo supports ir devices? can ou control a tv, smart tv or home cinema devices like bose systems?
does nuimo supports ir devices? can ou control a tv, smart tv or home cinema devices like bose systems?
@daniel we basically offer bluetooth commands. what they are mapped to is up to your imagination. so yes if you can connect to it. what kind of alarm are you thinking about?
@richard  you will be able to control all things through your smartphone your computer all major smart home hubs which are all adding bluetooth low energy support.
@george  ok, got ya! :) we will get to work.
@benjamin  the new smartthings hub speaks bluetooth low energy so it interfaces with it directly.
@richard wink seems to only support normal bluetooth right now, not ble but i will contact them to find out more.
@gene  thanks! our goal is to integrate with all major smart home solutions. for the hub, we have a few integrations already that we will tell you about within the next few days and weeks.
@robin we will send out a survey after the campaign which asks all backers to choose their favorite color.
@daniel just noted! we'll work towards it.
@marv. i answered the your questions below. - the magnet is inside nuimo and not the mount? how can we get additional metal mounting plates?  i'll discuss with the team what the easiest way to offer these are. - can i prioritize which bt device it connects to if there are multiple (previously paired ones) available?  yes. we will make sure to make this process as easy as possible. - can i set the ir commands different from the touch commands for one device?  yes, you can either choose presets or configure them individually as an advanced user. - what about capability for pre-programmed macros? also possible, basically we just give out simple commands and what ever is done with those is up to the imagination. we will post a blog article about the programmability of nuimo today. grüße aus kreuzberg!
@david. ifttt: top 10 integrations to build. lifx: done.
@pierre we built nuimo on an open platform so it will be compatible with anyone who allows it :) since most connected devices now a days use open apis, this will be the case.
is there a function that would let this device turn off alarms in the morning with a swipe?
@creator +1 to this question: "how exactly would this device interface with smartthings?" @creator are you sure this thing doesn't need it's own bluetooth to wifi bridge and an open api?
schade fand ich nur die zwangsverteuerung durch 10€ versandkostenpauschale.
it would be great if you would support lightfreq, tilt my blinds, sesame (smart door lock). all are crowdfunded projects getting to ship real soon. thanks.
how exactly would this device interface with smartthings?
will this work with the wink hub.
@creator awesome ks launch! as igg backer, i second the ifttt and lifx support. any chance of isy/insteon integration? also, is nuimo now going to have a hub option?
hi this is my third one:) ... i backed twice on indiegogo :) good luck
eine geniale idee! meine frage an euch: wo/wann kann man angeben, in welcher farbe man den nuimo haben möchte? viel erfolg weiterhin!
a fhem integration would be awesome!
a few questions:  - the magnet is inside nuimo and not the mount? how can we get additional metal mounting plates?  - can i prioritize which bt device it connects to if there are multiple (previously paired ones) available? - can i set the ir commands different from the touch commands for one device? - what about capability for pre-programmed macros? grüße aus neukölln!
@jam, i guess everything will go thru your smartphone first. so nuimo will be connected in bluetooth to your smartphone that will send request over wifi to philips hue, nest...  another possibility will be to have your nuimo connected to a smart hub like logitech harmony hub or the neeo brain that will then transfer the order in the correct protocol
perhaps i'm missing something, but how will your device connect to lifx, philips hue lights or nest, etc if it's bluetooth?  also is there any wifi, zigbee or zwave communications controllers inside as well?
well after the ninja sphere failed i'm going to give this one another try. i would be really happy if you could consider ifttt and lifx integration!
is nuimo going to be compatible with neeo another great kickstarter project: http://kck.st/14vxvqn it could be used as a secondary remote and connected to the neeo brain. thank you for your feedback.
@matthew more to come very soon. thanks for the support!
@eyekey stay tuned for a video update ;)
@xiao danke!!
ifttt integration would be amazing, as would wemo plugs and logitech harmony hub!  thanks.
please add support for logitech harmony hub and bettertouchtool (mac)!
hi senic, super design, super funktionalität und super team! wünsche euch viel erfolg! xiao
@don chen: just added china! :) thanks for the support!
@matt plex ist auf der liste! wir schicken an alle backer noch ein survey rum mit integrationswuenschen. danke fuer die unterstuetzung! tobias
@richard: marc was faster than me :)  we have been sharing updates on indiegogo regularly, usually within 2 weeks, sometimes more often. thanks for the support! tobias
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-world-s-most-magical-controller
hi, can you please share a link to you previous indiegogo campaign and share the progress with the igg campaign? thanks. richard
hi, eine super idee. ich hoffe ihr bekommt es auch so umgesetzt.gibt es schon pläne auch plex zu integrieren? gruß aus essen matt
would you consider delivering to taiwan or china? thanks...
