thanks for the feedback, michelle. sorry they aren't working for you as expected. we're learning a lot from our backers and customers and constantly striving to make improvements. this feedback is very helpful. glad you're at least enjoying them for the comfort.
unfortunately, like a few others, these do not seem to control odor at all. :( they are very comfortable in the shoes but basically made no difference. i will probably keep using them for the comfort but still suffer smelly feet....
thanks for reaching out, rachel. i will contact you directly.
hi, i haven't received my order yet either. is there any way to check on my order? thanks.
thanks for reaching out, helen. your order was shipped on march 16th. international shipments are taking a lot longer than expected. i'm send you a dm to discuss further. thanks for your patience.
hi, i still have not received my order yet, i read that you have send all by last 22march, a month ago, anyway to check where is my order? thanks
thanks for the feedback, angelica. i'm sorry to hear you're having this issue. we've been getting mostly positive feedback about honey soles and their effectiveness in managing odor. your thoughts are greatly appreciated and we'll be considering new ways of managing odor for future versions of the product that work for an even larger segment customers.
i have the same problem as steve and i used a new pair of shoes. i've tried cleaning them but no luck as of yet.
glad you figured it out, scott :) enjoy your soles.
ah, just saw trimming instructions. all good
does anyone else think the insoles are a bit big? i ordered us 9.5-11 and i'm a us10.5 but the insoles wont fit into my shoes comfortably, theres an annoying crease in the middle
thanks for the update, andreas. you should be receiving them very soon. i'll send you your shipping information via email.
hi! i have not received my soles yet in denmark. i'm looking very much forward to using them!
thanks for the update, teo seng kee :) hope you're enjoying them!
got mine today in malaysia. thanks.
thanks for the update, raymond. and thanks for your support. enjoy your honey soles :)
got mine in the mail today. thanks will start wearing them soon. cheers
thanks for the feedback, steve. and thanks for your support. glad you're finding them comfortable. as for the smell, it's possible that the shoes you are wearing are creating the smell. honey soles aren't designed to remove existing odor that already penetrated the material of the shoe. they're designed to prevent additional bacteria, fungus and odor when your existing insoles are replaced with honey soles. it's important to make sure your shoes are not starting out smelly.
thanks for the update, marissa. customs charges are part of the process for shipping internationally. sorry it was unexpected and thanks for your support and understanding.
i don't know if anyone else is having this issue but after about a week of wearing them barefoot for about 3 days, while very comfortable, they started to stink. i'll try the cleaning method to see if that helps but they for sure don't seem anti odor at all.
got my honey soles...did not expect 30 dollar custom charge
thanks for reaching out, zune. the last of the rewards were shipped out on friday. since you are outside of the usa, it may take a little extra time for your honey soles to arrive. you should expect arrival within the next 2 weeks. thanks for your patience.
when can i expect my shipping?
thanks for reaching out, johann. rewards are still in the process of shipping and should be all out by the end of this week. it will take a little long for delivery outside of the usa. i'll update you once everyone's order has shipped. thanks for your patience.
hi how can i know if they have been shipped to me ?  thx
thanks for the update, robert. enjoy :)
got mine today and tried them out right away.  excellent!
thanks for the update, rebekah. enjoy :)
just put mine in/on! very comfortable. slid into my shoe well. excited to start wearing them daily!!
thanks for the update, angelica. look forward to hearing your feedback :)
thanks for the update, steve. the cork layer is definitely thin but i think you'll find it to be really comfortable. the heel stabilizer is made of a mixture of cork and recycled rubber. look forward to hearing what you think!
got mine in today, they appear to be thin but i'll test them out tomorrow. :)  glad to finally have them in hand.
got mine today, they look and feel nice. the cork layer is significantly thinner than i thought but it doesn't really matter once it's in your shoe. just curious what is the heel stabilizer cup made of because it seems a little hard to be cork.
thanks for your question, adam. we're in the process of shipping this week. should have everything out by monday. we'll send out an update once everything has shipped :)
shipping yet?
thanks for your question, andreas. you can either send me a direct message on kickstarter with your new address or update it within backerkit here: https://honey-soles-transform-your-shoes-forget-the-socks.backerkit.com
hi! i'm looking very much forward to receiving my soles. i have just recently moved. where to send my new address? - andreas
@creator thanks,
thanks for reaching out, ih@b. we are getting super close to shipping. march 3rd is our current shipping deadline. we really appreciate your patience and again are so appreciative of your support in making honey soles a reality. you'll be slipping them into your shoes very soon :)
update!! please?! thanks,
thanks for your question, cole. honey soles haven't shipped just yet. we're getting really close though. it will ship in just a few weeks. we'll be shipping from ann arbor, mi. thanks for your patience :)
where are you shipping from?  i have a package coming from columbus, ohio.  is that my new soles?
thanks for your question, adan. we were initially scheduled to ship this month. we ended up securing a new supplier for a high quality cork material. this set us back a few weeks. we're now on track for everyone to received their rewards by the end of february. thanks for your patience :)
how's the eta looking?
thanks for your question, toni. we're scheduled to deliver honey soles just a few weeks later than expected. there was a slight delay due to upgrading the cork material. they should deliver right around mid – late february. thanks for your patience.
i will be out of town jan 25 thru feb 4, any idea of when shipping is to start?  just need to know how to plan for its arrival.  thank you!
thanks for your question, toni. there is only a slight difference in the updated cork material. the cell structure of the updated cork is more airtight which creates a smoother feel against the skin. other than that, all the features and benefits of honey soles remains the same.
i liked the look of the original honey soles.  what is the difference in quality?  thank you for the updates!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
thanks for your question, keenon. we'll be sending out the sizing survey very shortly. you'll be able to use this chart with international equivalents to figure out the correct size for your honey soles: http://www.honeysoles.co/sizing-chart
i was just wondering which country would the sizing be in? us or uk?
thanks for your question, amber. unfortunately, shipping costs cannot currently be adjusted. we'll keep you in the loop about any promotional offers we may consider in the future!
can earlybird backers get free shipping? at least to the united states? please?
thanks for your questions, joseph. at the conclusion of the campaign you'll select your sizes. and yes, you'll be able to select different sizes for multi-pair rewards.
if we back a multi pair reward, can we get different sizes or do all pairs need to be the same?
thanks for your question, sarah. our number one goal is to make and deliver a great product. we've focused on using outstanding materials and a great design for honey soles. unfortunately, shipping costs cannot currently be adjusted. but as we grow, we're open to considering promotional offers that may be helpful to our customers. we'll keep you in the loop!
hey, i'm a backer and i love the project, but do you think you could eventually have free shipping in the u.s? shipping fee right now is kinda expensive...
thanks for your question, james. honey soles have a low profile arch to help with support and body alignment. it's very possible that honey soles would help you, but we would recommend consulting with a podiatrist.
it is very important to me that the arch support is a key factor "substantial". please can you confirm this as i have a problem with being flat footed which is damaging my knees etc doug i change my urgent ones to this i would require to know it will provide sufficient arch support to take there's sure of me knees, hips & back
thanks for your question, laura. we will create something to make it super easy to figure out what size you are. and a printable outline may work perfect. thanks for the suggestion!
yay! awesome product! for those of us who fall between two sizes, would you consider creating a printable outline for each insole size, so we can make sure we're getting the correct one?
thanks for your question, gabriel! since this will be the very first production run of honey soles and prototypes have only been in existence for a few months, it's difficult to give an exact durability time-frame. we look forward to getting feedback from all you backers as we grow! we are expecting for honey soles to last a lifetime but we would conservatively estimate them to last 9-12 months with everyday, regular wear.
how durable is the sole? as in what is the lifespan of the sole or will it wear out, because some soles do wear out after long usage
congratulations, honey soles, on reaching your funding goal in just two day!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
that right, monique. we found that most of the shoes we love wearing without socks tend to be very flat. we like the flat style, but it can also cause problems. that's why we thought it was important for honey soles to offer arch support and shock absorption.
thanks, elliot. we wanted to make a video that clearly illustrates the benefits of honey soles and why it's such a great solution for wearing your shoes without socks. glad you like it. thanks for your support.
perfect for summer shoes when socks are too hot and for shoes with too flat soles.
i love the video and the presentation. you really explain the problem and the solution this is a winner!!!
