has there been any improvement on the design of these yet?  twice now i've had pipes let enough pressure build up that they completely detached from the jar and had kimchi explode all over my closet.
any way for questions to be sent before the taping???
the only downside for me is that the mason jars here in the uk have smaller diameter necks than the actual pickle pipes. aargh!  i've not managed to find a large neck version yet�
hey, has anyone addressed using this to store sourdough bread starter?  it, too, needs to release gasses as it does it's own version of bubble and squeak.  and if anyone else has tried it, or intends to try it, did you use a much larger jar so there was plenty of room to 'feed' the starter as needed?  thanks!!
@martin, your reward was shipped in january. it appears it was lost in transit. we are sending you an email with more information shortly.
@gaffri, your item was shipped in january and the tracking says it was undeliverable and you were contacted to attempt redelivery. we are sending you an email with more information shortly.
you already promised me that they would be shipped several month ago. i still haven't recieved them yet?? regards gaffri
hi. been waiting patiently for my tops just thinking it was late.  now may, i am sure it has been missed or lost... any way to track my delivery? thanks.
so, trying my first batch of sauerkraut.  have both green and red batches.  started march 5.  kept them in a kitchen cabinet (house temp 65-70 degrees) they all swelled up.  the green seems to have produced more liquid- all had enough, though.  the pickle pipes were all bulging after a few days(i did pinch the valves before starting to make sure they were open and able to let gasses out), more so on the green.  now all the green seem to have gone the other way where the liquid level has settled and the pickle pipes are depressed/sunken in.  i had let some of the gasses out on a couple of them when they were really bulging and a bit of foam was bubbling out.  does this mean they are done?  there is still some yellowish color to the cabbage.  the red batches seem to be going a little slower.  though the liquid level in those has receded some as well, the pickle pipes are flat across.  any assistance anyone can provide would be appreciated.
i put these on my chest
i've had fuzzy stuff on top of my pickles and i just scraped it off and ate the contents anyway. tasted amazing, never got sick. just kraut and ginger carrots so far. i've been using a product called "real salt" there's so much minerals (black and red specks in it) that i think a tablespoon of it may not make the same percentage brine as different salts. something to figure out anyways.
@katrina, that's just bubbly brine escaping out the valve. completely normal, and if anything, is just an indication that maybe your jar was overfilled slightly. as carbon dioxide is creating it causes your brine to bubble and expand. if it's a really tight fit in the jar, then sometimes some of this will sneak out the valve. bubbly brine is a perfectly normal sign of a healthy ferment :)
hi, i want to begin by saying that i love these, i purchased the combo with the packer, pebbles, and three tops. i was just wondering if it is normal for some weird foamy stuff to escape from the valve during sauerkraut fermentation. it was light and dark and rather foamy, freaked my family out, but i ate the kraut and it was fine. is this normal? thanks in advance!
@paul, email us at hello@masontops.com and we'll help troubleshoot. please be very specific about the recipe used, the steps you followed, how/where the jar was stored, and the problems you're encountering.
have these actually worked for any backers? none of my batches work.
everything's shipped out, but i can't seem to find anything with a tracking number. any way i can retrieve the tracking info?
@karen, the cross-slits in the "nipple" is the valve. the entire unit is just one piece, there is no hidden valve or additional component, it's just that simple :)
hi, i received the product but i don't see any valve in the nipple.  is it just a nipple with slits or is there supposed to be an actual one-way valve inside the nipple?
@menachem, please email us more details to hello@masontops.com. without information about your setup, the brine solution, how full the jar is etc. it's hard to comment. however, kahm yeast is common in pickles and easily mistaked for mold. the critical exception being that kahm yeast is not unhealthy or unsafe for you in any way.. if it wasn't fuzzy, it is not likely mold.
just finished my first batch of pickles, and there was mold in all 4 jars. any idea how that happened? fortunately i used the pickle pebbles as well, so i was able to just peel off the mold.
@jarret, unacceptable. we will message you privately with a solution. thanks for letting us know.
i received my pipes and weights a couple days ago, but the box of weights opened during shipping and they knocked into each other and one of the weights chipped. it doesn't seem like it is going to keep chipping or leave glass shards in my pickles, but just a heads up that you might want to use a little more packing material.
got mine in canada today as a february backer
i regret not upping my pledge to get the pickle pebbles, is there a way of adding to the order but having it shipped together to save on shipping to canada?
@katysei, you could check your local ebay or amazon sites. this site also seems to offer shipping throughout europe and possibly beyond: http://www.masonmadness.com/en/mason-jars/ hope that helps. you could also post where you're from and hopefully a backer from the same country can office more specific help. thanks!
where is a good place can i find wide-mouth mason jar for international shipment?
@clint, we've got a date booked with sandor in the second half of october presently. once we get all of the february rewards shipped (and take a minute to catch our breath) we will release more details and turn our attention to planning the workshop. thanks!
when is the sandor katz workshop?
@paul, silicone is a very common gasket material as it is soft enough to mold around the microscopic landscape of the glass jar rim. as long as the screw band is on tight, it will certainly make a seal around the jar. the one way valve will only allow gas to escape once pressure has built up. all that said, brine levels can dip over time - often times this is as gas bubbles from the bottom to the top it breaks apart tightly packed cabbage and causes it to expand above the brine. this is not unique to fermenting with the pickle pipe - some batches do need their brine topped off occasionally. if you have additional questions, please feel free to email us at hello@masontops.com - we are always here to answer any questions.
first batch didn't work. seemed to dry out... are you sure these have a tight seal?
i ripped one of my pickle pipes valve slits whilst washing it prior to install. keep in mind that in mind while washing not to be too rough. i've pre-ordered some more though as i'm loving the results so far :-)
@nir, i cannot help to locate in israel... but here is a link to the product you want on amazon.com: http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00aa1h3vi/ note that any ball or kerr brand jars that say "wide mouth" will work perfectly with the pickle pipes, after that it just depends how much volume of your jar you desire. we think these quart size jars are very versatile, but there are smaller or larger options. there are other brands besides ball and kerr as well, these are just very popular and reliable ones that we are comfortable recommending.
if there is anyone here from israel, i'll appreciate if you can assist. so far i couldn't locate, where i can buy\order jars for the pickling at the proper ring size or even rings for that matter. any idea\advise? any chance someone can direct me even to amazon.com for a link? thank you. ;-)
ignore that last comment :) i found your reply!
hi! i have tried contacting once before. i was part of the december shipment i believe. i still haven't gotten a shipping email or the product. any info would be appreciated! thanks:)
now have three jars of kimchi kraut going! i ordered premium but now i wish i'd ordered platinum for more gifts! i will be ordering more. �
finally received my parcels yesterday after the looong wait =) tq masontops for your prompt action. going to start pickling =)
@ kate genuist: hi kate, the coupon code does not work with pre-orders of pickle pipes as we have kept the promotional kickstarter pricing during the preorder period. it wouldn't be fair to you or any other kickstarter backers to allow others to order at a lower price once the kickstarter has ended. the promo code will work for any other in stock items on masontops.com. sorry for any inconvenience and i hope you understand our reasoning here. we have included a note about this in the pickle pipe listing on the site, but do understand that it can easily be missed.
first off, i really love the pipes, masher and pebbles so far... so i just ordered my sister a set of tops and tried to use my kickstarter pack in discount code. i tried several times and it didnt' take the code. i know it's not a lot of money (10%) but for me it's a proof of promise. can you please contact me to figure out why my code didn't work. thanks!
beautiful packers.  nice quality all around.  my daughters were delighted about their christmas gift, and new hobbies.  except...one broken pickle pebble.  i don't see how to go about inquiring about a problem.
i have now received the (missing) shipping email. thanks! -- jürgen
i have just started pickling today and i have to say that i am very excited and that your system is a breeze! thanks so much for a great product! happy holidays!
apart from the free fermentation guide, is there any recommended website/recipe for fermentation newbie? has anyone attempted to ferment without the weights? i'm new to this and only purchase pickle pipe. thank you.
i feel like a grown man should not be as excited as i am about the carrots that are fermenting in my cupboard.  i love how easy it was to use your product.
@vicki, you have not completed the backer survey. please send us a message with your shipping address asap.
i ordered on nov 7th and still have not received mine. it said i'd get it by christmas. any updates? k54christ@hotmail.com
put on a batch of kraut last evening and a batch of pickled veg (experiment with grated cabbage,carrots,cucumber,cilantro,pepper and a touch sesame oil)
@elysia, you ordered one of our february delivery rewards :) we are well on schedule to deliver the second wave of rewards on time, so not to worry! please email us at hello @ masontops.com if you would like to discuss further. thanks!
i must've missed the tracking email. :(
@patrick, yes, every single backer gets a tracking email :) (i know we already spoke this morning and tracked your package successfully, but just wanted to answer for others who may have the same question.)
are international picklers getting tracking numbers as well?
@michael, the shipment containing a the "pebblin pickler" includes all pebbles and pipes that you ordered... and it's scheduled to arrive today :)
received pebbles, packer & pipes and now have a batch of kimchi working.  life is good.
i have received tracking emails for the pebbles and packer, but not for the pipes. the packer arrived last night and the pebbles should get here today. should i have gotten a third message with shipping info for the pipes?
why are there 4 pebbles and only 3 pickle pipes?
@terri, that is perfectly normal. consider leaving a bit more headspace on your next go, but what you describe is just a normal part of an active fermentation. you can wipe it off but there is no need to remove the pickle pipe. the co2 which needs to escape will find its way to the vent. congratulations on a healthy and active ferment!
hiyo!  i have all three pickle pipes doing their pickling thing!  i love the pebbles and the tamper too!  the jalapenos are going on without a hitch.  but my kraut is having a little difficulty.   with the normal expansion of fermentation i now have frothy goodness exuding from the nipple (i am so glad that this is not something i have to do to the doctor for!).  should i just let things naturally die down on its own?  or would you recommend that i take it off and clean it up?  i would think getting that stuff in the vent tube would impede the one way venting design.  thanks!
@sara, sent you a private message. in short, yes your pipes were sent separately and have shipped (tracking provided in the message). thanks!
i received my pebbles and tamper, but not the pipes themselves.  are these items being shipped separately?
@jonathan, we're looking into your order now. it appears to be stuck in the chicago usps hub. we are on it and will reship a fresh order if we have to. please direct message us for further correspondence about this. thanks!
still waiting for malaysia. tracking indicates still in transit, so i guess it is still somewhere... can't wait to get mine. =)
received today in uk. had to pay £17.32 in vat and customs clearance.
brilliant guys. thanks again!!!
brilliant guys. thanks again!!!
thanks for putting together the guide...almost wish i backed an option with a quicker delivery date, feb isnt going to come fast enough!
arrived , melbourne , australia
@lynn, facebook.com/masontopscom and instagram.com/masontops would both love your photos!
you need a web page or a facebook page quick!  i searched to share my pic of my 2 cultured jars.  so, look at my profile pic.  i overstuffed the jars.  :-(  but the pickle pipe handled perfectly!  :-) thanks!!
showed up this morning in ontario, thanks, now where are my mason jars?
just had mine delivered!  yay!  exciting!
got mine this morning, can't wait to get fermenting!
i'm not sure if i ever received the survey - can you confirm that my kit has been shipped? thank you!
oh boy!  i got so excited about receiving the pickle pipes that i started fermenting some jalapenos immediately!  and today will be two half gallons of kraut.... i think i should have gotten more than 3 of these lovely little gems.  thanks!
received mine yesterday, thank you.
got my pickle pipes today, just as i was putting 2 ferments away using my old crappy airlocks.  needless to say, i switched to the pickle pipes instantly.  perfect timing!
received my pickle pipes on thursday!!! can't wait to begin using them.!!!
all december rewards still on track to deliver before xmas... not to worry :)
i have not yet received a tracking email, did i get missed?
and for all who asked for the size of the jar, and use metric (only real units :) ) - the pickle pipe is around 82-83mm in diameter, means mason jars with around 85mm should work well (no guarantee here, just measured it out)
also got my ones to china. thanks and looking forward to use them
i got my stuff today! thanks again!
i got my shipping notification 12/1 and my package arrived 12/2! so excited the first thing i am going to ferment is carrots! thanks so much for this awesome product and congratulations on your successful campaign!
got mine about an hour ago!  thank you for a great product!
just got mine, it is  an amazing product especially for vegetarians like us.  i know you are busy making sure all us receive our orders, so thank you again so much.
@masontops inc. thanks for the quick response, you are amazing!
@masontops inc. thank you for the response, should be here tomorrow!
@remiam7, please recheck your tracking link. usps has posted an update regarding your package... please email us directly with any further questions, but it is all good :)
received today. you guys are amazing, i'm spreading the love on social media. thank you.
@c lim, the pickle pipes sent to you were 3pks and the pebbles were 4pks, rest assured you will receive exactly what you ordered :)
my order was shipped but the quantity is wrong. i pledged $68 for the premium package but the shipping notice only said i am getting 2 pickle pipes, 2 pebbles, a packer and a thank you card. please let me know who to contact.
well, mine was shipped on nov. 25th, was to be delivered on the 28th, tracking no. does not update, so not sure where it is!
we expect the fermentation guide to be available for download @ masontops.com/community within 1-2 weeks. there will be detailed information about the lacto-fermentation process, how to use your new product(s) as well as several step-by-step recipes.
by the top i mean the top of the cabbage not the top of the jar (i hope that was clear)
@jennie - try 1/4 cup of salt, dissolved in 1 cup of water, put your cabbage in the jar, pour the liquid to cover everything (use a weight if you have one to keep everything under the liquid level) put on the pickle top and close the ring down on it.  let it sit in a cool (not cold) dark place for about one to two weeks.  inspect the top, if there is any mold growing (boo) your out of luck, if it looks clean on the top crack open your jar and taste your first batch of 'craut.  adjust to your taste. enjoy
@jennie, the fermentation guide will be available at www.masontops.com/community ... we're working hard on it and expect to have it finished and online for download there within 2 weeks (hopefully sooner). we would have had the guide released at the same time as rewards were delivered, but we were ahead of schedule with shipping everything out and didn't want to hold that up :) rest assured that we will release the guide (and update everyone here) as soon as it is ready. thanks!
received my product - yay!  took the card with the link to the fermentation guide with me to work and promptly misplaced it - boo!  i want to get started this weekend, but have never done this and don't know where to start.  i have cabbage, and i have the pickle pipe, but i have no clue what to do to turn these two things in to sauerkraut.  can you send the link to my email (jennie.boyer1@yahoo.com) or let me know how else i can access instructions on what to do now.  thanks!
a big thank you to the all the crew at masontops , inc. the pickle tops arrived today in the post and they are being put to use at this moment assisting in the process of fermenting of some purple cabbage sauerkraut . thanks again for a most excellent product .                                                                                                        michael
@kokobin, shipping has begun! this includes international shipping. depending on the reward selected, where it is going, and where it is in the ship queue, it may ship out anytime in the next 10 days or so. similarly, based on a combination of weight, size, and destination our fulfillment partners will determine the best provider - tracking will be provided for all shipments.
when does international shipping begin and which means do you plan to use - couriers like fedex or usps? i prefer usps - usually less expensive.
@jeanene, no additional money will be charged to anyone by us. that $$ amount in your tracking email is strictly for customs purposes (if necessary)... we do not have anyone's credit card information, we cannot charge any more money, we will not charge any more money. you can completely disregard that $$ (in fact, we did not know it would even be listed on thr tracking email). sorry for any confusion - but rest assured, you will not be charged anything additional for shipping.
i thought you offered free shipping in the us.  my pledge amount has already been collected, but i also just got an email saying another $8 has been charged, which i assume is for shipping.  ???
excellent! just got a shipping update :) rarely do i see a kickstarter effort so prompt.
@kyle, we're very optimistic about delivering the feb rewards on time, and at least in the first half of february. it's possible they could arrive sooner, but it's likely they will arrive in early february. we are not only producing more pickle pipes for these orders, but are making more pickle pebbles and pickler packers to accommodate the feb rewards as well. as always, we will keep everyone well posted on the status, and if it's in our control to deliver early, we will do everything we can to make that happen.
your updates said you're ahead of schedule, or at the least have had no production delays and are shipping soon. does this mean that us february deliveries may arrive early as well?
the the danger of asking questions that has already been answered, what are the diameter in centimeters of the lids? (i'm looking for the correct size jars in the eu)
hi again, where can i see i've given you my correct shipping address? have recently moved and so much going on can't recall if i handled this or not. thanks!
@jill mack - definitely try sauerkraut first.  extremely easy to make (nearly foolproof), and you can add a little of any leftover sauerkraut juice/brine as a starter to brines for other pickles (carrots, daikon radish & carrots, green beans, garlic, etc). never throw out any leftover fermented pickle juice, if you don't use it in future batches, drink it. :) there are a number of very helpful youtube videos and blogs with recipes and instructions. i am currently using a bubbler for making my ferments, i was comtemplating ordering bits to make more bubbler lids when i came across this kickstarter. the pickle pipes will make the process much easier, plus i will be able to have mutiple batches fermenting at the same time. which is great since some ferments take longer than others and i hate running out while a batch is still fermenting.
well done..... i haven't done anything like this pledge before but on that day, at that time when i saw it i knew it would be a good one... new to preserving so this will add enormously to my ability to do things... congratulations! (wish i had a good idea like this... :-) )
congratulations on your successful campaign. thanks for the update. i'm new to fermenting etc. looking forward to learning how. your masontops was just the incentive i needed to take the plunge. any recommendations on what to try 1st to make it an easy & successful 1st attempt. do any recipes come with it. thanks for creating these tops. have a great week ... peace and love ... jill m. of http://www.americanhandmade.com
@eden, it could still be up to 2-3 weeks before product ships out - there are a lot of orders to pre-pack, and label, etc. but we thought everyone would be interested to see the progress, and especially that the products are in the warehouse. thanks so much for your enthusiasm and support! love it!
wow, shipping soon already?! you are the best! based on this timing i should be able to use these on my next batch of kimchi or fermented jalepenos+carrots+onions. i'm hoping the pp is the answer to my fermenting dreams.
for those overseas worried about finding jars.  a lot of grocery products sell in wide mouth jars.  mayonnaise and marshmallow creme are 2 of them.  then you would only need to find/order the mason canning bands...   though if the jar has a plastic lid, you might be able to cut out the center of the lid and use it.
hi!  congratulations on your kickstarter success! i am so excited to try your product! i pledged at the platinum level (feb-ish delivery) and added $18 to increase my pledge to include 3 extra pickle pipes. i commented on the kickstarter pledge page to notify you of the additional pledge but have not seen a response that you received my message. i'm not sure i've done it all correctly. was i supposed to message you in a different place? sorry to add to the confusion.
congratulations on surpassing your goal! i can hardly wait to try my "toys" ;) cheers!
@mary alexander, the only other "question" was you delivery address. i've checked your response and it is complete - you're all set! thank you.
just to let you know, i didn't complete a survey, bc there wasn't one.  however, you thanked me for it.  ????  all i did was authorize you to send me an email from time to time, and that was the extent of the questions you asked me.  i'm a bit confused.
i didn't get the survey.
i also am having issues with a double order, where both pledges were collected, under different names/emails, but only letting me respond to the survey on one.
i would like to double my order if possible.  i ordered the 6 pack, and would like to buy 12 instead.  i am looking forward to using this great product.
just filled out the survey and it does not show that i ordered 2 platinum picklers.  since the platinum is $99.00 and i pledged $198.00, i assume that on the back end you will know that i want 2.  thanks!
survey returned!
@nir shafrir: you should be able to buy them in certain stores. if you don't know which stores, you'd have to search online. i didn't know the jars either, searched for them, and (since i'm dutch) i found masonjar.nl right away. otherwise you'll need amazon or ebay.
forgot to ask, but, where can i buy the jars?
so excited to receive these for small batch projects of season veggies!!! good luck with all your endeavors your products rock! so happy to get pebbles and pickle pipes no more floaters weighing me down!
wooohoooo!!! i am so excited to test these out. hopefully they will make it to alaska by christmas :).
yes....congratulations! your idea is so wonderfully simple. i am eager to give your pipes a try!
hello, i am contacting you as requested to say that i just added to my pledge 3 more pickle pipes. the pickle pipes were not $6 each as i see stated in this response "---> from creator masontops, inc. on october 24  hi everyone! yes, additional single pickle pipes can be added to rewards for $6 each. this is subject to availability, so we do ask that you please message us if you would like to manually adjust your pledge. we will confirm back in a message so everyone has a record of the extras. thanks!" would you please confirm to me that my order has been added to my pledge? thank you.
great news. is it too late to add to my order?
great news. is it too late to add to my order?
wooohooooo! congratulations!!!! so looking forward to the pipes to keep the fermenty-good smell inside with its food (and away from my husband's nose ;-)
congratulations!!!    tgif - thank goodness it's fermented <3
i'm excited for them to come and can"t wait to try them out, i am sure they will be amazing
i'm pleased i picked a pack of pickle pipes!
congratulations and i am so excited to start making small patch fermented veggies! having recently experienced that including fermented food in my diet is good for my digestion, i am anxious to make my own. love your project and recommended it to friends several of whom also backed you. great stuff!
i'm so excited to be a small part of this project and plan to use my lids when i teach my classes, so get ready to sell, sell, sell! best wishes and thanks for sticking to your dream!
looking forward to getting this product!
congratulations! can't wait to get my order. not having to worry about exploding jars will be so very helpful.
congratulations!  you guys rock!  whoda thunk yet another "everything old becomes new again" idea such as fermenting veggies would have spawned such a brilliant solution for the "clueless", but willing to try their hand at fermentation/pickling?  love the baby bottle nipple look - this will be a great addition to your weights and wooden compressing tool for healthfully inspired  diy food preservers.    the best part is that this is a no brainer and able to be reused.  thanks, masontops!  can't wait to start using them, and no longer having to babysit my ferments!
@hema - generally speaking ks send out a survey after the campaign closes to make sure your money is applied to the correct items + add-ons. i would assume this one will be the same as all the others i have supported in the past.  basically you just need to make sure you have the correct amount of $$ pledged and then answer the survey when it comes out.  could @masontops confirm this?
@hema,
@richard quaedackers: i had the same problem, as the correct sizes don't seem to be available in europe. however, i found some wide mouthed jars by the company ball for little money on e**y :)
ok, now i just need to figure out where to get mason jars and rings in the correct size...
hello again -- can you pls send confirmation of my add-on of pp lid to my order..thanks!
two more days to go - will we see another stretch goal? maybe for 200k? can't wait for my pickle pipes :)
hi guys - love this project!  thanks so much for making fermenting easier! this also is to let you know i paid $36 (pls check under my last name) - for the 3 ppipes, 4 ppp wide weights, plus an extra pickle pipe. oh and hope these come soon!!! making kraut now, your pp's are an answer to my dreams!
@kris, we mentioned this in a comment below. all we ask is that you send us a message once the pledge has been adjusted so we can confirm and everyone has a record of the change.
maybe i missed it but where does it say you can add additional items to your pledge?
@sierra lewis - generally speaking just click on contact me (up in the top section right next to "see full bio" and it will let you send them a message.
i don't see how i can message you directly to let you know that i added an additional 18 dollars to  my pledge for 3 additional pickle pipes.  please advise. thanks!
i love katz's book!
my husband and i are so excited about this! we have been gearing up to try our first fermenting project and this makes it so much easier!! we can't wait to try it out! we pledged at the platinum level for the february delivery and an additional $18 for three extra pickle pipes. a total donation of $117 for 12 each of pickle pipes and weights with two tampers . did we do that correctly? thanks so much! and congratulations!
we had been looking into fermentation for a few different things, but time is a killer with our teething baby boy (our first) and chores with the animals.  my wife found your product and after just a quick read it was obvious i should snag you $44 pledge so i can have everything i'll need (we already have tons of jars from canning).
@victoria, please see the faq at the bottom of the campaign page for a detailed explanation regarding your question. thank you.
i'm really looking forward to getting my pickle pipes.  the only thing i don't understand is why the us gets free shipping, while the creator is listed in canada, where i live.  is this product not made in canada?
to clarify, many use the terms "pickling" and "fermenting" interchangeably. the pickle pipe is intended for lacto-fermentation. while a "pickled" taste can also be achieved by using a vinegar brine, the food will not have the same probiotic and health benefits.
@kim: if i'm not mistaken, pickled food is obtained by putting something in vinegar while when fermenting food you don't add vinegar to the brine. the acidic taste comes from the natural fermentation process. some people consider that fermenting is the real way of getting pickles but that really depends on the local tradition.
can someone tell me the taste difference between pickled and fermented? thanks kim
very nice project! i pledged 2 pipes, to get them asap (december). i would like to pledge another 44 dollar for 3 pipes, a tamper and 4 pebbles, to be delivered in february, because the december lot was already full. how could i manage that?
nice project! been looking for a good waterless fermented jar to replace my old ones. keep up with the good work!
hi everyone! yes, additional single pickle pipes can be added to rewards for $6 each. this is subject to availability, so we do ask that you please message us if you would like to manually adjust your pledge. we will confirm back in a message so everyone has a record of the extras. thanks!
i agree.  could we please get  confirmation that we can add additional funds to receive additional pickle pipes, and for the amount to add and available options if the answer is yes?  just because this is common practice in many projects doesn't mean it is true for all projects. personally, i'd like to add one pickle pipe so i have the same amount of pebbles and pipes.
it would be nice to have the project creator officially state that it's an extra $6 per extra pickle pipe. don't want to add money to my pledge only to find out it was all for nothing.
please add 1 more pickle pipe to my order. i added an extra $6 to my pledge. thanks.
just want to say y'all have the best stretch goal ever.  sandor katz is awesome!
hello, i pledged $88 for two pro picklers, (since it doesn't give me the option to choose two). did i do this right?
@twinkle: it is actually $6 per pickle pipe. just add it to your amount and let them know! hope this helps!
@twinkle - you can always manage your pledge and change the amount.
is there a way to pledge additional money in order to receive additional pickle pipes? i pledged the $44 but would love to add an addition $15 to receive two more pickle pipes to give to family.
please view the faq section at the bottom of the campaign page for more information about shipping charges - specifically, why we are charging a shipping cost for canadian orders. thanks everyone!
i live close to toronto, can i physically pick them up to save on paying $10 for shipping ?
i just added another pickle pipe for 6 dollars and would like it added to my current pledge
hello! cool project! is there a way to add 3 pickle pipes to my order of the plus? how much money should i add to my pledge? thanks!
i am so excited for you masontop people and look forward to the pipes and the guide and all the stuff... family got in on it too.. so yay! we all win!
i have pledged for 6 pickle pipes, but would sure like to get more so i can start more than 6 jars at a time. unfortunately, kickstarter only allows one pledge. i already own some of your weights and your tamper (bought elsewhere), and they are lovely. while more of your awesome widemouth weights would be welcome, i don't need another tamper (and have no one to give it to). if there was a pledge that had just a dozen pickle pipes without the tamper, i bet the more experienced fermenters would be happy to get that option. i am really excited about getting these - i am looking forward to getting rid of all those fussy multi part airlocks taking up space in my fermenting supply drawer. :)
@shannon after the fermenting time is over you can put the regular lid back in the ring and put the jar in the fridge. if you don't want to use the 2-part lids for storage (i have a heck of a time prying open the flat part of the lid myself), ball makes some plastic lids that work great for storing ferments in the fridge.
so i am new to fermenting, i never got into it because the airlocks just seemed like to much work and honestly i never did much more research into it other than that. i normally just can everything. i do have a question and i apologize if it is dumb, but below you mention "the pickle pipe is simply placed on top of a mason jar opening and then secured using any standard mason jar screw band," my question is, once the fermentation process is over, am i able to put the standard flat lid back under the screw band to store? or will that let in oxygen and cause mold? i am used to things i canned being good for months to years, so i was just curious if your lid needed to stay on or if i can keep pickling by replacing the lid?
@corgimas coffee storage - excellent idea!!  i sent this page off to a couple local independent roasters we know.
i would like to add an additional $9 to my pro pickler pledge so that i get the pro pickler plus one additional pickle pipe to get the same number of pickle pipes as weights. kickstarter doesn't want to let me make a second pledge, and the manage your pledge link only lets me select one reward. how can i add an additional pickle pipe to my pledge? thanks!
what a fantastic idea! congratulations! i love mason jar fermenting, and can't wait to try these.
@lyla barrett, from the faq from the campaign page, when we started this business we warehoused product in canada and usa, and we were excited to be able to service our canadian customers, as we know how frustrating shopping online can be from canada when buying from the usa. ultimately, the overwhelming majority (over 95%) of our orders come from the usa, and we could not afford to continue to maintain our canadian warehouse. so now, all of our product ships from usa, and as such, the appropriate additional rates to deliver internationally are applied. we hope to expand our canadian customer base and return to being able to operate locally. but at the moment, it's considerably more expensive to ship to the usa from canada, and we simply don't have enough customers in canada to pay to import additional product and maintain an additional facility here.
lyla barrett, read the shipping note again. it says free shipping in the us and $10 only for international shipping. :)
great project! i am wondering, though, why i have to pay $10usd shipping when both you and i are located in ontario? it seems incredibly steep.
great project and presentation!  can't wait to get my picklin' on....
how about a kickstarter exclusive stretch goal of a different color pickle pipe?  by the way, i cannot wait until these little guys show up on my porch!
did you consider adding a recipe booklet to the stretch goals? i'd guess you have nice recipes with all the testing of your products :p
@laura, if you click the manage pledge and choose the 6 it'll switch from the 3. @janet, i've seen creators let people add the cost of the previous pledge onto the higher priced one. ks lets you put in a dollar amount when pledging. though pickle pipes would need to approve of such a thing before you try. good luck!
thanks for adding the 6 pickle pipes.  i'd like to add a pledge for the 6 to my existing pledge for the pebblin' pickler pack.  so, two separate pledges which the page doesn't seem to allow.  if i select the 6 pack pledge, it de-selects my existing pebblin' pledge. help please and thank you!
thanks for adding the 6 pickle pipe rewards.  is there any way to upgrade my pledge for 3 pipes to the 6 pipe reward?
a pickle pipe growler cap(non-metal) would be cool too. could toss away my water airlocks for good. micro-wine brews in mason jars :). thank you pickle pipe
hi, congratulations on reaching your goal. i have been toying with the idea of fermenting - and this gives me the 'kick' to do it :-) while you are thinking about stretch goals, i wanted to throw my opinion in: don't do any.  as a backer, i'd prefer that you focus on shipping the product and not get mired in the additional logistics of stretch goals. add-ons or accessories could be done through your store or another kickstart. good luck, lou
i am excited about learning how to pickle things so this will be pretty fun. how about you add a tamper to everyone's order as a stretch goal? just an idea.
@corgimas - interesting idea! i am also a home roaster and just use bags with one way valves, but i may try out a pickle pipe and a ball jar to see what happens! it should work well! i'm also going to use them for fermenting :)  i have been using fido jars with airlocks and ball jars with a different top designed for fermenting. they work well but the pickle pipe is such a simple and elegant solution! @masontops - have you look into bringing pickle pipes to the fido jar users? i'm not sure how easy that would be, but there are a bunch of fido fermenters out there. i have several with airlocks now that i would convert to pickle pipes (assuming that they work as advertised :d )
very excited for this. i'd like to see one of these designed for hombrewing purposes.
if the location for this kickstarter is toronto canada, why is there free shipping to the states and i am paying $10 extra to get it shipped to nova scotia?
i am very excited to try your pickle pipes. this is the first time i have backed something on kickstarter. i found out about this via foodinjars. good luck!
this is also the first time i have backed something on kickstarter.  these tops got me so excited, i couldn't help myself. i am making a list of all the ferments i want to make using these, cause it will make the process stupid easy. i cannot wait to try them!!
most things on kickstarter i look at and say "oh cool" and never think of again. this one got me excited and i made it my first pledge/purchase ever on here. shout out to the wild fermentation facebook group and killerpickles.com for letting me know about this!
there is not a "reply" option for the comments posted on this page. please know that we are reading and appreciate all of them very much. thank you.
this is the first time i have ever backed anything on kickstarter. this is bloody brilliant. thank you so much for this opportunity.
congratulations for making your goal.
has there been any thought to stretch goals?  you guys are doing so well and so quickly!
oh boy..i will admit that i am going to back this but with hopes of a secondary purpose.....after you roast coffee beans they release co2 as well, and keeping them in a sealed container is good, but then the co2 will not vent off....but with these..............these should be perfect for the amounts that i roast every week.
