when will the thank-you note arrive?  thanks.
is this campaign considered over? haven't gotten my mug or any pledge survey.
has anyone gotten a thank you note from david yet? i haven't. never got a survey to respond to either.
you sent me the wrong sized t-shirt. it says large, but it appears to be a large woman's shirt - i couldn't fit into it in a million years. i am not a woman. what is the procedure for exchanging it?
i finally got my $50 t-shirt in the wrong size after i asked 3 times for a small, i still got a large.  i won't be backing anymore of your projects.
when will my t-shirt be coming? anxiously awaiting its arrival...
yay - my cds arrived today. thank you david & team. cheers from germany marvin
hi there! i'm in the uk and am wondering when i'll receive the tshirt that is part of my reward? please let me know if you need any other info. thanks.
thanks for the response! glad it's not just me. mine were both promos as well ("cut outs" on the spine/artwork), but that doesn't really bother me either way. side note - glad there were no repeats! i was wondering if i was going to end up with a cd i already owned.
or kevin's case, even.
i got mine today, too. both are 2004 discs from sub pop records: an iron & wine promo lp (promo as in no cover sleeve / liner notes and a "not for sale. surrender on demand." message in place of any upc barcode) and a release from the elected. i was originally planning on giving one to my buddy, but just as in leornard's case only one was signed. the signing is also personalized, which is cool, but would make it a crummy gift for any friend that doesn't share my name. still glad to be part of this, though, even if the reward wording seems like it will engender some disappointment.
i got my cds today! i'm very curious to see what everyone else got (as well as the content of the personalized mix cds). i received dinosaur jr's green mind, and an album by colourmusic. only one of them was autographed, though? i was expecting both, here is the phrasing from the campaign: " will pluck two of them at random, sign them, and send them to you. "
hey - same boat as robert and joe. love the movie (really happy to have backed it), but just wondering what the status of the rewards is... are? ordered the books with the tentative 'march' ship period hoping i'd have a b-day present for my brother at the end of april. thanks a lot, everybody - make more movies!
hello, like joe below loved the movie. i also got the email about rewards shipping soon and have not received anything yet? any updates on this situation?
hello, first of all, i just wanted to say i loved the movie! i got an email about 3 weeks ago saying the rewards were shipping soon, and haven't received any update or the reward yet. just wondering if there's some sort of update on this? thanks!
watched it. kind of glorious, really. also, the best sex scene of the petty-transaction kind since "fargo."
to those needing a disc option, besides converter software which can be found free, consoles - at least the xbox360 - played the mp4 just fine after i burned it straight to data dvd disc. enjoyable film, i think it will take a 2nd watch to find little touches i missed as i was focused on overall plot, which is a good idea, executed "ok".
i selected the t-shirt option, when do we get to pick a size and when do they ship? did i miss that e-mail?  thanks.
hey nicholas, if you have windows, see if you have windows live movie maker.  if so, there's a youtube video (more hits!) on how to use it to convert the mp4 movie to a playable dvd.  i hope this helps!
hey i downloaded the full 1080 version from the vhx link to watch on my tv via my hdd. even though it is a regular .mp4 file, it comes up with 'file type not supported'. have never had this problem with any file before, is there some sort of copyright which stops it from being watched on other devices? cheers, nick
saw the film last night in atlanta @ plaza, had a great time!
can't wait to watch the film and i'm so happy to have helped the cause. david you are the man! long live mr. show!!!
finally a movie for my generation! *guitar riff* can't wait for this one!
congrats to david (and others) for having the vision to use these funds to get this movie to a larger market that otherwise may not have even heard about it. so happy to have been able to help!! this is going to be awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congratulations to everyone involved. hopefully it will come to freezing bonnie scotland one day.
it won't be playing anywhere near where i live, but i'm still happy to be one of its backers.
met david at a premiere last week and he couldn't have been cooler to me. even sent me home with a ("borrowed") souvenir of the event.. more than happy to contribute to him and this kickstarter. so happy it met the goal. i cannot wait to see the movie and all of his upcoming projects.
and that's how one raises money for a movie that's already made :)   congrats, and thanks for letting us be a part of the fun!
outstanding! can't wait to see it.
hell yeah!
congrats on getting past the initial funding goal! i saw the film at sundance, and truly loved it -- everyone is in for a treat. i also greatly admire the self-distribution thing you've got going (both as a consumer, and producer of film), and i'm crazy excited to see how it works out for you. i'm proud to be able to support your efforts in some small way. best of luck with the release!!!
i'm very grateful that, instead of just covering the tab on their own, the producers opted to allow fans to share in the process.  also, the rewards for giving support are quite generous. hopefully the contact person gets back to me prior to this project closing.  or, someone reading this message may know.  do contributions receive only the reward listed for that specific level, or are we afforded all rewards below our donation level?  i ask because i've seen disclaimers answering that question many times and in opposing ways, but don't see any mention of it on this project's page.  anyone's help will be much appreciated. cheers!
lord god if they don't play this in nashville there is going to be a yeehahd declared!
i don't see a contact email above the thank you video...am i blind? can anyone help me? thanks
2nd vote for orlando. we're backers too, but we live in florida, so it's understandable when we get overlooked.  there are 2 indie theaters here that would love to play it, the enzian being one.  in any case, glad i got the dvd.
congrats on hitting the goal!  can't wait to see the movie!
congrats, with a week to go even!
holy cow someone made a big contribution, congrats david
big fan of david cross's work since his mr show days.  found out about this from his appearance on sam seder's excellent news & politics podcast the majority report. looking forward to the film!
heard you on majority report with sam seder
well here's a reversal of roles. consider my pledge a tip for taking a photo with you. ;-) ~ queen elsa ps. i love hearing of all the creative ways people are getting their art out there. i look forward to seeing the movie, and i hope when i get mine done, you'll go see it too. :-d
hope you guys schedule a screening in brazil as well!
i love todd margaret, tobias funke and just david cross doing his stand-up. add the fact hits is filmed in and about my hometown (liberty, ny) and i had no choice but to back this film. i can't wait to see it.
love the concept. can't wait to see how it plays out.
freaking love david cross. his monologue on larry the cable guy alone is worth my donation.
so wanted to step up for the godfather award . . .
and i helped!
yesssss! i can't wait to see the outcome and residual effect of this.
i love your work david and i'm so excited for this and for mr. show.
saw david cross's name, immediately threw money at project. as a struggling filmmaker myself, i wish i had more money to give to this project. everything david cross touches is sure to be successful, and this "pay what you want" idea is revolutionary. way to understand the youths! hopefully i can increase my pledge before this is over!  (also please bring this movie to orlando, fl)
looks great, pledged for the signed books. good luck!
this looks great - looking forward to it, obviously if the vhx site blows, i'll get another way, hopefully it is awesome and just works :d
good luck david. i look forward to seeing the movie.
i am very excited to be a part of helping to get this movie out to the masses!  i wish the very best of luck to you, david, and to the rest of your cast and crew on the sometimes stressful road to a film's release.  the amount of support so far is awesome, so i have no doubt that this project will be successful.  here's to a great campaign!
