not problem with my beam; top 5 gadget in my home!
hi erwin.  thank you for your comment, but it feels like you are angry because we did not give you a free fixture (like you asked us in the email). your statement that no one at beam labs cares is false and you know it, since we've answered all of your messages as soon as we could (usually same day). we've released a software update that fixed most connection issues, also according to your last email.  the import fees are something that has unfortunately affected a couple of customers from the netherlands and we've started a procedure to fix at least €40 of your import fees, but customs are very very slow to take this on. on the other hand, if you import products from the usa (which our kickstarter page clearly shows), you have to pay importing fees and taxes.  we're sorry to hear that you are not happy with your beam, but hopefully you can make someone else happy by selling it.
hi al taylor, i hear you very well. i face the same problems, although the latest update provides a bit more stable connection. i bought a $399 led bulb, paid $44 for shipping and as 'surprise' €96 import fees. my friends are making a fool of me because for less then half they have a great beamer with perfect sound and view. i was proud this was a dutch team who created this and fully believe in them. now i felt screwed and nobody seems to be intrested in my complains. only excusses while the product sucks! anyone in for a beam??? we will work out the price.
@matthias and @gayle, we're sorry to hear that! we'll definitely try to help you, but can you write down the problem in an e-mail to support@beamlabsinc.com? then the right people will be able to answer your questions.
hi, i could never get my orientation right in my old house, this new house i have enjoyed beam for the past two nights so much that i unquestionably bought the fixture without hesitation. unfortunately though tonight i can't get the beam to work. no sound and won't connect to iphone? what type of support do you offer? thanks, gayle
hi airplay works fine when i stream my tv app. unfortunately i have no sound neither on the iphone nor on the beam. if a use the same app on the beam, i have sound an a picture but  the      stream is bucking. the quality of the airplay picture is excellent but from the beam app mediocre. in the end of the day this was my need in becoming a backer. what can i do? thanks for quick answer. mathiew
@beam  ok thanks, i was wondering if there were other orientations that the one point rotation (the black disk) that points towards ceiling or floor (like sideways or backward forward), and from the pictures and your answer i take it there's none. thanks
@ledamien if you take a look at the beam + fixture bundle in the shop, you can see the different angles the fixture can be in. see http://beamlabsinc.com/product/beam-fixture-bundle/ and click on the pictures below to see them
hi, thanks for putting out the beam fixture, i'm thinking about buying it. in term of possible movement, it's a bit unclear for me. could you show what can turn and how much ? thanks
@adrian, we're so sorry to hear that! we've just sent an email to you. please reply to this email for future communication. we hope to help you fix these problems asap!
im enquiring/complaining via their website - getting nowhere fast with kickstarter - i dont even have a light bulb, i get the loading pattern and progress no further.. although there is a pink pixel grid outside of the 'screen display' area.. so thats nice i guess
maybe i just do not know how to get it to work, but i would like to have a connection with the beam (via bluetooth) and my iphone 6 without having to connect it via wifi. in would make it easier to use it as a beamer (share photo's/video's etc) in places you do not have wifi available.
i am sad to say this, but i am not happy with a $400 light bulb. the beam had great potential, but lack of storage space, native app accessibility, and a constant need to reconnect every time i start it has left it plugged into a socket in the corner banished from my electronics happy land. if anyone is interested in an additional light bulb, please et me know.
looking forward to the firmware update - hope it 1) addresses wifi connectivity problems (yes i've updated the beam wifi); 2) recognizes and allows connection to 5g networks; 3) addresses airplay comnectivity problems (that is to say, that airplay can be used again).
@tonein we will soon release a firmware update focussed on bug fixes. a second firmware update will upgrade the os to android 4.4. we don't have an eta for this update yet however. we will let you know through social media when an update is live!
hi creator, what is the status of the new and improved beam firmware? thnx.
@ itsthisjustin have you downloaded the latest version of the beam weather app? if not, download the latest update by using the google play store on beam. if the update didn't solve the problem, please send an email to support@beamlabsinc.com. i hope we can help you fix this issue as soon as possible!
i still can't use the weather app
@ wim bouwens if you have already completed the wi-fi setup of beam (http://beamlabsinc.com/support/introduction-screen-walkthrough/) the first time in january, then beam will already be connected to your home wi-fi network. on your smartphone/tablet, make sure you are connected to the same wi-fi network as beam (most likely your home wi-fi network) and start the beam remote app. you should now be able to control beam! send an email to support@beamlabsinc.com if you still have this issue. @rachael moore we have shipped all the kickstarter beams to backers who have filled in the survey. i've sent a pm to you on kickstarter! for future communication, please reply to the message or send an email to support@beamlabsinc.com.
hi, i received my beam in january. it worked, not perfectly yet, but still: a very nice item! after a few month i wanted to use it again, but it does not work anymore. the wifi seems to have disappeared. in the settings on my smartphone/ipad beam_6a6688 does not exist anymore, so i cannot connect. i tried to reset the beam, following the instructions (shut beam down, disconnected, reconnected, pressed the bottom after 2 seconds), but nothing happens. i cannot not reset. i just get the normal welcome screen but cannot operate it. what might be te problem? more important: what is the solution!? could the wifi hardware in my beam be dead? please respond. thx wim bouwens (netherlands)
have all of these shipped? i have not received mine yet.
@andy holmstom currently, in this scenario, the only option is that a bluetooth mouse and keyboard is needed to be able to control beam and connect to such a network. in our upcoming firmware update however, we have implemented a new feature which will give you a second option: you can then control beam if your smartphone/tablet is connected to beam through bluetooth!
hi everyone, i still have not been able to resolve my issue :( when i connect to the network at work the standard procedure is that i accept some terms of use before i gain access to the whole network aka internet. before that every attempt to access google or youtube or any other webpage will automatically result in the redirection to a site for terms of agreement. i can only accept that agreement by letting myself (aka the beam) getting redirected to this certain webpage and then checking the box for agreeing to the terms and conditions. therefore i get the message that i am connected to the network but do not have access to the internet. if i am unclear pls let me know, else-way does anyone have/ work on a solution for this issue? best regards andy.
@spongefile same problem for me as i turn of the projector it automatically turns on the lamp. i solved this with an external cable with a switch integrated on the cable. the main reason i wanted this projector was to in an easy fashion percent stuff at work. as for using the projector at work i have encountered a problem with connecting it to the network. i recon the problem lies in its limits to gain access to the internet after connecting to the network because then one needs to accept the terms of use on a special page before one gains full access. is there a way around this alternatively am i not doing it right? ps at home it works flawlessly!
@spongefile we have been working hard on a firmware update and it's almost ready to be released, but we have no eta. we will make an announcement on kickstarter and our social media pages when it's live! i've sent you an e-mail regarding your other remarks. you can reply to it for future communication.
hey, is a software update on the way at some point? hbo is very stuttery video, and when i try to turn it off it switches to lamp mode but won't let me turn off lamp mode after that, have to unplug it.
@ilana habib i have just sent you an e-mail, check your inbox!
@emily i'm sorry to hear that, i have sent you an e-mail. i hope to help you fix this!
is there a way to check to see if our beam has shipped yet/where it is in the order queue?
" install the netflix app on beam by using the google play store"...i tried to do this but opening the google play store didn't really do anything. it went immediately to an error page. is this an issue with my interface? (iphone or ipad)
hi beam team, i have finally received my beam, thanks! unfortunately it has a slightly wrong adjusted lens which causes the left edge to be out of focus, when the rest is sharp. can you also publish some tips on what usecases the projector is good at and which apps or actions you recommend for them? i was hoping for some more automation usecases, beyond just streaming netflix. but i can not find any tutorials or advice.
i meant lamp....it is still early.....
it is not a mamp, but seems so be a competitor: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/z4-aurora-the-entertainment-center-of-the-future--2#/
i find i don't use my beam since it doesn't connect to a pc that is on a vpn - and my main pc is almost always connected to a vpn. have you come across this before? are there any solutions and, if not, will you look into it? are there any plans to open up official beam forums?
@me the airplay functionality doesn't work perfectly with larger movie files, probably due to the large resolution. if you want to watch videos with netflix, you will need to install the netflix app on beam by using the google play store. you can locate the google play store on beam by going to the 'all apps' list. watching videos directly on beam is always the preferred option for a smooth viewing experience!
how come i can't airplay stream from the netflix app? (was looking forward to watching netflix on my beam :(
@dan cox i’m sorry that you experience connectivity issues while using beam. we’ve just sent you an e-mail with some helpful information! please reply to the e-mail for future communication.
@vijay singh wow, that’s a very cool use of beam. would love to see some of your drawing results on our twitter or facebook page!
@rob stevens thank you! unfortunately, some applications on android are known for having a sound delay when using bluetooth audio devices. it might be helpful to clear the cache and restart any application you’re using.
@alberto arango we’re proud to hear that you find beam v1 a worthwhile prototype! just so you know, we are currently working on a firmware update to make the mouse more sensitive. due to the fact that this is a firmware update, it might take a while for the update to be released (approximately 2 months).
@jianing wu happy to hear beam works well and that you’re finally enjoying it in style! the sleep timer apps currently available on the google play store seem to focus more on muting audio from applications. a sleep timer to turn beam in standby-mode is currently not available. it is a very interesting feature to implement, so we have already put it on our ‘nice to have feature’-list!
just to update on my last comment. as i cannot connect to or reset the beam i now have an expensive light bulb! when it was working the software was so flakey it would fall over every 5 minutes. i haven't actually managed to view any photos, videos or connect long enough to download any apps. really poor. releasing this before it was clearly ready is more frustrating than waiting.
i have backed a number of kickstarter projects over the years. my statistics are 20% good, 50% meh, 25% fail, and 5% thieves ( zano, controllino .... ) . the beam project is just brilliant. it works out of the box (and what a pretty box it is !). my application was to use it to make a hitech camera lucinda. you project an image onto the table and use that to trace a drawing. works beautiful. and best of all you just switch on the light and you can see the drawing without the projection. beautiful. every art school should get one !
awesome product!!! really impressed with how well this works. one request/question: when playing audio through bluetooth speaker, the sound is delayed by about 1 second. is there any workaround or fix to this?
got my beam a couple days ago..works quite well.. will try the task killer app to speed up the sluggish mouse/command details... if i were to make 10 my wifi point, and 0 my tablets wifi loss point the beam works well up to 5 or 6.. any further and it works/unworks/sortaworks/doesntwork depending on celestial alignment...  youtube streaming works very well at 8 or above.. just getting the hang of it but so far it rocks... great job..  also some of the items are prone to have some details to them  i backed a dud this year (3d print recycler... lost $1200 on that one) and with all due respect to those experimenting inconveniences this is not a dud..it is a worthwile prototype.. and as a mark1 it is quite well made. im sure beams v2 will be a definite  marketing success also the packaging and feel of the part is awesome...
finally received the repaired beam. it works just as i thought with the jielde lamp and so we are enjoying 'project to ceiling above the bed' style lazy movie hours. the problem is, we need a good off-timer app. i tried several but always find the beam is still running the next morning. any suggestion?
@dan cox we're sorry to hear that. we've contacted you personally. if you face any issue while using beam, please respond to us and we will help you out!
pile of crap!! expensive light and not very good at that either. i'm really not impressed with this after such a promising campaign. i seem to have backed every dud on ks for the last year. no more.
update:  01/03: received beam and found it is defected (won't start up), contacted support with e-mail  01/04: got reply from support, saying they are contacting tech team  01/08: finally got reply from tech team, asking if the outer package and beam was visibly broken when i received it. replied no to both.  01/11: got an address to send beam back.  01/12: sent beam by ems  01/15: beam being delivered (apparently, from the tracking). got mail asking my bank account for shipping fee refund. replied.  01/19: no contact nor bank transfer until now, sent an inquiry.  01/20: got reply saying the delivery attempt on 1/15 was not successful and they are going to post office to get the beam and check it. 02/09: sent a mail to check the repair status.  02/10: received a reply with a tracking number. according to tracking record it seems the pack was sent after my inquiry mail. coincidence? or...
is your beam sluggish and your sure its not the wi-fi? (it should be really close to your wi-fi spot to work at all) worth to try downloading "advanced task killer"from the google store. although it states everywhere cleaning up background processes should not help on android my experience is different. it turns the sluggish mouse into a smooth mouse when i kill all tasks and only have running what i want to use. the following is possible without airplay : i can stream tv from the horizon go app (smooth but not hd, beam seems to be to slow for that), watch ted shows, watch fox sports in chrome (smooth in hd!). this device really has some potential but needs polishing. the lack of updates / news kind of scares me if this will ever happen though...
hi, when are you going to be be shipping? regular  updates would very much appreciated thanks
i first contacted you a week ago - would you please reply.
received my beam some days ago. i tried to use airplay with netflix and amazon video but both did not work, the beam says "can't play video". any hints anyone?
received beam in czech republic - paid large customs fees, but a very nice product and packaging - really professional. any troubleshooting forum available. i lost sound now for example and have no idea how to get it back ;)
cyril basile richard rabbath, that sounds... interesting. i have a similar problem. dhl wrote me an information letter that they coulnd't declare customs because the invoice on the outside was missing. i haven't gotten an answer from beam yet. my deadline to pick it up at the customs is upcoming monday, 8th of feb.
the german custom sent the beam back because the beam team didn't display the invoice outside the package as required. now the beam team wants me the pay another $25 to ship it again! or refund me $299 instead of the $399 i paid for. i said no... is the beam team a scam? i am still waiting for an answer.
fyi, i have now relisted my still sealed beam with a lower price here: http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/ebayisapi.dll…
hi, i am afraid my beam has also serious connectivity problems. i already tried it with 2 different ipads and also with my computer and the problem continues.....is it possible to improve the connectivity? thanks
hi beam team, i have a tax issue with the customs in germany and sent you a message via the message function on kickstarter. could you please reply soon, since the deadline for picking up the item at the customs is running. thank you.
just got mine. nicely made. professional packaging. worked out of the box with an ipad. will test more later but this is a kickstarter project that delivered on its promises.
great product. a couple of wish items, 1) a stand to mount the beam so that i can position it to project against a wall or ceiling and 2) a compact carry case so that i can use on it on the road. i bought one an architect lamp but it is too flimsy to support the weight of the device.   thanks p
only issue besides sluggish controls is, if i bluetooth the audio, it is out of sync. i am not having connectivity issues like some. i use iphone 6 and old second generation ipad.
does not work !  wifi connector is not stable. it's not possible to connect the beam with a network. helpdesk does not have a solution.  big disappointment
i got one last week, and i'm very excited to play with it. thanks for a great product! i found that the android os inside beam is considered "rooted", so some apps are not available. it would be nice if it is provided with a non-rooted os, or i can choose to install non-rooted one. here is one example app: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… which enables to play videos recorded by sony's dvd recorders. but when i try to use the feature with beam, it says "you cannot use this feature because the os is rooted."
overall very nice product especially for the time given. great job!  unfortunately it seems like mine was shipped with only 4gb of memory instead of 8. did this happen to anyone else?  also would love to hear what cool things you are all doing with your beams!
i agree with all who are complaining streaming videos (and there are no high resolution  videos). beam lose connection any few seconds. at times beam switches back from airplay (iphone6plus) to the task menu of the beam and everything is frozen. for the moment an easy usability is not given but  i belief it can be solved. best wishes matthias
i linked my bose soundlink via bluetooth to beam .sound is half a second behind on image. so not sync. does anyone have a solution for this issue?
update - fixed some router security settings, and netflix and hulu work, which is great. airplay still only works for audio, photos and desktop sharing, but not video. i would still love to control through bluetooth.
received beam. overall very impressed. beautiful packaging, plugged in and it looks great. physically, it's amazing. software-wise, it feels a bit unfinished. control through wifi is wobbly - i think you should look into bluetooth as a control channel, as it's easier to set up and more consistent than wifi because it's a dedicated direct connection, while i had trouble with wifi at work due to authentication complexity, and at home performance was uneven. trackpad tracking was "stop and go". and the weather app never loaded - lots of parsing errors. streaming audio is fine. streaming video never worked for me, either via airplay or running android apps (youtube, hulu, netflix). my home wifi works decently well - my computer is on wifi right next to the beam. my wifi signal strength is "fair" with 39 mbps link speed. streaming audio works (from itunes via itunes airplay) as does photo streaming (via ios photo app aurplay). screen sharing from my mac via airplay worked as well. even playing video on the mac streamed via aurplay worked. so not sure what to try next.
update:  01/03: received beam and found it is defected (won't start up), contacted support with e-mail  01/04: got reply from support, saying they are contacting tech team  01/08: finally got reply from tech team, asking if the outer package and beam was visibly broken when i received it. replied no to both.  01/11: got an address to send beam back.  01/12: sent beam by ems  01/15: beam being delivered (apparently, from the tracking). got mail asking my bank account for shipping fee refund. replied.  01/19: no contact nor bank transfer until now, sent an inquiry. 01/20: got reply saying the delivery attempt on 1/15 was not successful and they are going to post office to get the beam and check it.
hi @creator i received my beam here in chile and i really pleased with it, so thank you for a great device. all the features are awesome, the only thing i will add to beam is to be able to change the geometry of the projection. in my case the wall where i project beam it's a little bit off respect the socket where beam is (and i can't move the socket or the wall), so i get a trapezoid projection instead of a rectangular one. all in all is a terrific device so thanks again!!
@thorsten schneider: we’ve designed beam in a specific way that if you use beam hanging inside a lamp facing down, the projection will appear right beneath beam. if you use a standard projector and face it upside down, the screen will not appear directly underneath the projector, but it will project on the table and the floor. this was not a desirable result for how we wanted beam to be. we feel that beam has a lot more potential and gives a more enjoyable experience if the projection is displayed directly under beam.
@benjamin frank: hi benjamin, you can scroll down on youtube by using the beam remote-app. go to the touchpad and press anywhere on the beam screen by holding down the white square/circle symbol. next, swipe upwards on the touchpad with another finger and you will be able to scroll down. if you’re on the webinterface, you can use your mouse to scroll downwards.
@stefan: hi stefan. sorry for the delay in our answer, your mail appears to be a little lost in our inbox. you can mirror the screen for your purpose by going to ‘settings’ (located in the bottom part of your screen on the beam remote app / webinterface). next, go to display. in display mode, select ‘mirror’. i hope your beam provides to be of use to you now!
@ellen huang minyi @me: hi guys. about the internet stability issues: please contact us on support@beamlabsinc.com. can you provide us with some more information? like: do you receive an error? do you lose connection with your beam on the beam remote app/webinterface at the same time? we can help you fix your problems!
@emily: hi emily, you can download netflix in the play store on beam.
@t. lin: hi, sorry to hear about the bluetooth-problem. have you made sure to put the devices into ‘pairing’ mode? if the problem still exists, you can send us an e-mail to support@beamlabsinc.com with more information about the problem and we will help you fix this!
@geoffrey mccaleb: hi geoffrey, beam’s wi-fi password is: controlbeam
@larry mcclenon: hi larry, this seems to be a bandwidth-problem. if your movies have a large resolution it might be too much for beam to handle over the network.
@patrick: hi patrick. about the webinterface: can you provide us with some more information and send us an e-mail at support@beamlabsinc.com? we hope we can help you fix this! concerning the ssh access: it is possible to get ssh acces on beam. in the beam playstore, install the app called ‘ssh server’ and login!
hi all! hope you are having a terrific time with your beam. if you have questions or having trouble with something, don't hesitate sending us an e-mail to support@beamlabsinc.com.  i will try to answer the recent questions you've posted here on our kickstarter-page.
congratulations beam! you guys have made a solid product. very happy with the hardware. will you please help your backers by addressing the concerns with the software in an update. i love the beam just wish it would stop disconnecting from the network by itself every 10 kinutes
update: 01/03: received beam and found it is defected (won't start up), contacted support with e-mail 01/04: got reply from support, saying they are contacting tech team 01/08: finally got reply from tech team, asking if the outer package and beam was visibly broken when i received it. replied no to both. 01/11: got an address to send beam back. 01/12: sent beam by ems 01/15: beam being delivered (apparently, from the tracking). got mail asking my bank account for shipping fee refund. replied. 01/19: no contact nor bank transfer until now, sent an inquiry.
i am very happy with the beam. i will say however it's not cool that folks are having some issues and not a peep from the creators. you would think they would want people's first experience with it to go smooth or at least have attentive customer service.
@venkat you need to download a program into your computer and an equivalent program on your beam. i go with splashtop, myself.
hi, i received my beam yesterday and i have already started liking it very much.  thank you for creating such a nice product. i want to stream content from my windows pc.  can i achieve streaming video with audio?your campaign faq talks about "team viewer to mirror your windows screen, dlna server apps to send media to beam".  can you please elaborate on this?  thx.
just received mine i love it, i'm sure the software will improve but it's already a terrific experience !
i am selling my beam for my pledge price, right now (ending tomorrow) here: http://www.ebay.com/itm/281906868873… i have no use for it anymore unfortunately. i tried to cancel my pledge but was not allowed, so here is someone eases chance!
wow! amazing work. terrific gadget. you delivered just what you promised. thanks!
also, look to see if beam wifi shows on your phone. the follow the process.
at patrick , try pulling the plug. then with it unplugged press the power button to drain any  resident electricity. then plug it in and just wait for 5 min. if it doesn't boot then try the button.
in order to ship internationally, i need a phone number for your office in the netherlands. can you please email it to me? thanks
unfortunately i cannot connect to the web interface anymore... airplay is still working fine... somehow yesterday my beam had crashed (it would not respond to pressing the button on top). only thing i could do was pull the plug, since then i cannot access the web interface anymore...
i have the beam working with blue tooth to a jawbone, no issue. to the person having blue tooth issue, can you give us some detail. so far the only issues i have had is the beam os can't handle a space in a password and it won't let me airplay my itunes tv shows.  if the use android apps for amazon video,showtime,hulu and netflix apps work smoothly. i have not dropped blue tooth or my internet connection to the beam. for the people having issue , give me some details and i will try to help. the beam has been working flawlessly- yes i would like a faster cpu but so far this thing is awesome. it is a lot of fun doing actions.   i like.
does anyone know what beam's wifi password is? i'm unable to connect to it as the wifi is protected? really confused.
for those who experimente network connections difficulties : try to use your computer rather than tablet/phone for first setting . i was unable to connect the beam to my wifi using my ipad, but did it in less than a minute with my laptop. now it's working great with all my devices ( phone, ipad, etc) hope this help.... btw: i love my beam.  very good concept in a very good form. bravo!!
ok so everything is working , i have not tried blue tooth yet.  i am having no issues with netflix, hbo now, showtime , amazon video. i think the connection instructions could be better. in short i wonder if the folks who keep getting disconnected are confused about the process.  in short turn on beam, connect phone to beams wifi, then open beam app. then use the app to connect beam to your houses wifi, then connect phone to houses wifi then open beam app.
anybody else having bluetooth issue? their tech support is not responding :-( i can't connect it with any bluetooth audio device (jambox, echo, ......) did anyone succeed in doing those? if so, how did you do it?
ok, that was it- android strips spaces from password hashes. if your wifi password has a space in it it will not work. i will report back with how well it works. i am on an iphone 6.
hello, ok, i got my beam, i seem unable to connect to my home network. i can however connect to my phones hot spot- things worked as expected. so i have an att router, the only thing i can think of is my wifi-password has spaces in the password. i wonder if android can handle the spaces in a password?
i don't usually comment but i felt i should add my positive review to help balance out the negative ones.  i received my beam yesterday (in canada) and i've been really enjoying it so far. there was a bit of a learning curve at first (realizing that some pages in the interface can be scrolled down to show more options, for example, and that you can click-and-drag with the touch pad) but i've had no technical issues so far. i found the faq to be very comprehensive. in my time with it netflix, plex, youtube, and dropbox have all worked perfectly and i've had no drops in connectivity. i have noticed a bit of occasional sluggishness with the cursor, particularly when the beam is downloading/processing a large chunk of data, but i've found these issues to be nonexistent when using the web interface to control the beam, rather than my ios. also, as mentioned before by someone else, i've noticed better results when using apps like netflix directly on the beam itself rather than sending it from my phone to the projector, though i only rarely needed to do so.  overall, i'm happy with both having helped fund this new start-up company, as well as the reward (the beam) i received for having done so. @stefan - in the display tab of the settings screen are the options to change the display mode of the projection between normal, rotate (which flips it upside down), and mirror. is this the mirroring you are looking for?
is there a way to get netflix??
after reading the faq my disappointments are even bigger.... not real clear answers but overall general statements ... one of the most reoccurring comments is the fact the connection between beam and an ios device is lost as well the connection with the internet drops all the time. by reading below faq my trust in beam is dropped enormously! my beam has trouble maintaining a stable internet connection. although there could be a lot of factors involved, some possible problems can be: – beam is used in a lamp with a metal shade (which could be blocking its wi-fi) – the distance to the wi-fi access point – the amount of walls between the wi-fi access point and beam we advise you to try beam with the standard yellow cable as close as possible to your wi-fi router and see if that fixes the problem. if not, there might be a problem with your internet connection. please contact your internet service provider. why my faith is almost lost? my beam is next my router on my table (so closer to my router it isnt possible as well my beam is not in any lamp etc.) and still the internet connection drops after a few minutes and apps like itv-kpn are not working (only sound no imagine) while in the room next and 2 floors higher i can use my ipad, steaming tv etc without any issue! also when i disconnect all my devices from the wireless network beam is facing the same trouble. besides that i'm still facing other issues like image adjustment is not fully horizontal possible. also the fact you cant switch on the device fully is outdated: yes it 'only consumes 4 watt in standby mode but that is 4 watt to much because i care about our planet! switching off beam by disconnect from the power network means i need to set-up all again from scratch, so not user friendly. last but not least like others shared as well the poor response was dependable during the last days off december. we are now mid-january and still a lot of questions are open. a weird way to thank your backers to get your dream come through. i more and more regret i founded this project .......
@thorsten schneider how did you connect to your bluetooth soundbar? mine doesn't work....
excited to finally receive it but the device/app has major connectivity issues with ios. airplay only works with youtube and spotify so far, but it disconnects every 5-10mins, which makes it super annoying. the app and device disconnects often too. the built-in speaker output is dismal - but i guess i can live with that. super disappointed, overall. will the developers please work on the bugs? otherwise i don't know why i am paying so much for a nice looking device that gives me more pain than joy. please.
anyone know why it keeps disconnecting after a short while?!
got mine today in canada! :)
got my beam this week (i'm in london, uk) -- and it totally surpassed my expectations (i've lowered the bar considerably, based on my experience with kickstarter projects over the last year or two). i'm impressed with the hardware, and am looking forward to software updates resolving some of the minor bugs. keep up the good work!
it's a pity that there is zero communication within 2 weeks of asking my question. even wrote them a mail, to no success whatsoever. before funding i asked, if the beam output can be mirrored, so that i can use it for backlit projection, which was mandatory for my use case. now i am sitting here with a really expensive light bulb with no use for me. hello? founder? this project is not done yet, please talk to me. thanks
i'm happy about my beam. the actions could be a bit enhanced but are a good start. hoping for some nice updates!
can i get ssh access into my beam? it's slugish sometimes and i want to see whats causing these performance drops
when i am in youtube i can not go down. do anyone know how to do that?(just got it, it is great)
the thing i find needs improvement is the geometry of the projected image when the beam is hanging from the ceiling. i get a nasty trapezoid picture because apparently the system seems to be optimized for the beam to lie on its flattened side on a table and then projecting to a wall. it would be mighty nice if we would be able to change the geometry of the projected picture, which is a totally normal feature for standard projectors btw.
@steven geerinckx what does work for me is connecting beam to a bluetooth speaker (i have a samsung m3 that was part of a soundbar bundle) and from that moment on all sounds came from that speaker instead of those built-in speakers of the beam.
hi all! just wanted to let you know that we are working very hard to fix the issues that you encounter! so keep on posting and sending us messages on support@beamlabsinc.com . we just also made a huge update on our faq - http://beamlabsinc.com/support/ -. so take a look if you are running into problems using beam! all the best, beam team
i managed to get through the setup. and i must say, i already love my beam. indeed, sound could be improved (or it should be able to connect soundoutput to external devise) also if nothing is being playes, the beam has som kind of cracking sound now and than, the kind of sound you get when a inputcable on a receiver has bad contact... i connect my beam through my apples airport express network so i was hoping that it would play sound through that as well, but it only plays sound through beam itself (sad face). another thing that dissapointed me slightly was that if i use a certain app on my iphone (this app makes it possible to watch digital tv directly on the iphone) i get some sort of streaming error. so it doesn't seem to work on beam when i mirror that certain iphone app, allthough that could be some sort of safety thing within the television app. but in general i love the beam. keep working on perfection guess !!
@wu zano was awful and kser backed that project so it's a system wide failure! my amex cc refunded the money but it took time and effort and well i'm grateful and i hope others can recoup their costs too.
1. got mine last night (usa). 2. audio is really....improvable....wish they have an aux output or some kind of outlet, but you know what? i can make it work maybe...gonna try to out put sound to bluetooth jawbone soundbox. 3. app ui. i assume there will be many updates for their apps in the coming months...because it's working but....clunky....and kinda awkward when you compare it to the "remote" app for appletv. granted, with their manpower and time this is already impressive. 4. for those of us who has an home audio solutoin (mine is sonos). i will try to purchase another bluetooth receiver and see if it works to integrate projection with sound...will update soon. all in all, it's a satisfying product. will update with my further testings
i was able to fix all my issues and now i'm all happy again with beam! 1: sound not working seems to be a strange android bug. after installing the app soundabout and restarting, media sound just works fine again. 2. airplay now does work just fine (from macbook and iphone), but on another network (my home network, via airport timecapsule). so it seems to depend on the kind of network. probably some specific network settings... 3. the weather app did not really disappear, but actually got mysteriously renamed by the system to "lib". after a factory reset, everything was restored to normal. for a factory reset, first turn beam completely off; either by switching off the light switch on the wall or unplugging the power cord. then switch it back on with the light switch on the wall or plug in the power cord. two seconds after powering it, hold the button on beam for 3 seconds. important: when performing factory reset or updates, never disconnect the power! 4. on my home network the ios remote app just works fine. also depends on the kind of network probably. so i suggest to test and setup the beam on a different network if it doesnt work well.
i am selling my beam for my pledge price, right now here: http://www.ebay.com/itm/281906868873… i have no use for it anymore unfortunately. i tried to cancel my pledge but was not allowed, so here is someone eases chance!
have been trying for hours to connect my beam in the final stages.  i am ab;e to connect my wifi to the beam, however when i revert back to,the beam remote app, it can't find the beam - even though both my device and the beam are on the same network.  i have tried this both using my ipad pro as well as my macbook but no success.  great looking product, set up is an issue.  any help from experienced users?
@megabueno, i just noticed you mentioned zano. (maybe i'm filtering that word subconsciously because of the, well, whole mess) i'm not a backer because i felt suspicious when that campaign was going on, but finally i could not resist and pre-ordered. and so, boarded the same unfortunate ship with you and all others.
update: after 9 days from sending the initial support email, got their tech reply that i can send my unit to netherlands for them to examine and fix. they would cover this shipping fee if it was indeed a defect. so, another couple of weeks to wait.
@edwinsmits, thank you.  beam was waiting at my local post office this morning.  thanks!
yess!! i received mine this weekend. indeed it looks very nice and topnotch. everything seems to work but i dont manage to get it running. i downloaded the app (also very smooth design and look) i connected to the correct wifi. it then projects some instructions for setting it up correct. it says use the app to pres "next". but am i stupid ? but i cant figure out where this next button is supposed to be?? only button on my app that works in this step is "home" and "switch to lamp" . anybody have a suggestion ? thanx
i'm still waiting for my beam. i received an email mid last month with a tracking number, but there's been no updates since the 22nd stating that the package has arrived in the country. i tried to contact you through your company site but i haven't received any response. the delivery address was a company that had a shutdown period over the christmas break, but there hasn't been anything since. thanks in advance
@sean,  most likely you werent at home when they try to deliver. my suggestion is to go to the nearest postal office and asked if the package is left behind there. after payment of the taxes & duties you will get your beam.
dude i still haven't gotten my beam? i was supposed to get it in october?
can someone help me understand how beam is being delivered?  i have a tracking number from nl post, however the site indicates "failed delivery" on 12/28.....and nothing has happened since.  where is my beam???!!!???  i'd like to get it as it appears many backers have already gotten theirs!  thank you in advance.
first of all: well done with the beautiful beam! i was really impressed with how it looks (and feels!) and with the wrapping. but… now i am using it, i’m bumping in a couple of issues… 1. no sound when watching video, or playing music: when beam starts, it does play a sound. when i go to settings and play a notification sound, it does work. but i have been trying to play a video using chrome and the youtube app. and have been trying to play music using spotify. but no sound then. that’s not right, is it? what can i do about it? 2. i am not able to connect my macbook pro (2014 model) or iphone 5s using airplay to beam. i’ve tried using the airreceiver app, have been enabling/disabling it, restarting. the devices are of course on the same wifi network. airplay does not show up. 3. the beam weather app disappeard recently. can’t find it anymore in the apps overview. i also spotted a change (i think) in the set, after startup. at first, i thought i saw a couple of apps showing. but recently only chrome is showing in the set. 4. the ios remote app is not able to connect to beam very very often. while i can connect to beam using my browser on my macbook at the same time. i have also e-mailed these issues to support.
@wu hopefully it will work out. i'm not an engineer so i will leave that to the specialist but i'm sure the holiday season is impacting their customer services. i'm sure they will get back to you by next week if not sooner. i understand that waiting is the worst part and trust me i feel for you. being a zano backer, i am grateful for beam for coming through.
@megabueno, i'm sorry i did not make the situation clear enough. i tried beam with the included cable and my lamp, in both case, even the initial white little lamp does not light up. to make it sure the cable/lamp works i tried normal light bulb with them and they were fine. so clearly the problem is within beam. i actually suspect it is an internal disconnection, perhaps happened during shipping. for the beam labs the simplest and most efficient way to handle this kind of initial defect would be to replace it with a new one. initial defect always happens, and this kind of defected samples are very important to improve the production process, so a responsible/wise producer would want to recover it, assess the problem and feed back to production line as soon as possible to reduce defect rate (i'm pretty sure because myself is an engineer in the tech world). and instead beam labs is ignorant, if not crazy, trying to assess the problem without the sample on their hand.
@wu, i'm pretty sure you tried everything so my apologies if this seems redundant. so the light turns on but no projection? are you able to try the beam with a different socket? nothing happens when you press the buttons to wake up the beam? with the beam plugged in, can you see it on your wifi?
@steph good idea, if you set one up i will def contribute. i don't mind posting a tutorial too if needed. i am not affiliated with beam; just a backer here on kser who enjoys helping others.
it has been more than 3 days, still no clear information or replacement instruction from support. i've received a mail saying the problem is forwarded to tech team about 2 days ago, and total silence since then. i wonder what kind of sophisticated technical analysis is being done to assess my problem, with the information 'light bulb works but beam does not'. maybe mine is the only initial defect here and ignoring such rare case won't do much harm to your business, but it feels really bad to receive a box of garbage after waiting so long.
has someone started a users' forum so we can share tips and tricks?  i'm getting kind of lost
@jay it may take some time getting used because of the android set up. as an ios user myself it took a few hours but afterward it's fairly intuitive. i would recommend downloading all the essential and for me that involves streaming content. when using airplay, it works for pictures and and videos from the phone but not if you're using the phone as the middle man (hopefully that makes sense). so for instance, one cannot stream amazon video from iphone and airplay to beam. been using netflix and slingplayer and both have been working great.
ok, found it, nearly off the lower right bottom of the screen. got it working. i guess i'll get used to the clunky interface. optically, it seems to be basic box camera quality.
thank you megabueno. you got me closer to operation, connected to the network, but i still cannot get anything more than a black screen with a menu at the bottom, and onscreen instructions to "press the next button". there is no next button, neither on the ipad screen or on the projected beam screen, and nothing happens to the projected screen when i try all the options on the ipad screen.  where is this "next" button supposed to be ?
@ spongefile i had the same with postnl but i got it anyhow (after paying the (96 euro's extra costs). be prepared you have the money around otherwise you need to pick it up at the postoffice  (after paying there)
same here, tracking number unknown. mail received on december 31st
got a tracking number a while ago but post nl still can't find it.
i received my beam, and it seems to be working.  i'm amazed at how bright and clear the image is even across a lit room. i would have liked more documentation on how to hook it up to my network and iphone. when i installed youtubes, it seems to have gotten stuck on a set up screen where it doesn't recognize the mouse.
@jay you need to set up your ipad to go on the beams wifi connection first. after connecting with beam, you will be able to set up your beam to browse your wifi and that is when you will set up your home wifi.
i cannot get it to work at all. my ipad has to choose between two different networks, my wi-fi network, and the beam network. it cannot be on both networks at once. either-or. the beam should go onto the network, not be the network, no ? nice setup screen, but no setup.
received my beam, works great�� super awesome ��
just received my beam. but it is likely to be broken as nothing happens when i feed power to it. i tried the cable came with beam and my lamp, both works fine with light bulb. i'm contacting the support. i'll update when i got their response.
using the slingplayer on beam: https://vine.co/v/ib1xduyhb5i
i have a concierge that accepts packages for me when i am not home. does anyone know if they will refuse delivery then if i am not home, as i know the concierge does not have the capacity to pay on my behalf. anyone get theirs yet from canada and have an idea of the charges? i used the calculator and it shouldn't be more than $62 or so...but want to be sure as i wasn't sure what type of product this fell under... just put it as electronic computer related. thank you, vivian
netflix preview: http://tinypic.com/r/11vgvb9/9 works fine for me not sure why everyone is having problem.
plex here it is: http://tinypic.com/r/70kis3/9 sorry flash only.
just used it on plex, will upload video demonstrating that it works.
cool. i certainly hope they get the issues smoothed out. i intend to use the hell out of this thing.
us backers, no custom fees for us.
larry you should not have to pay. i did not
so in the us, i am going t have to pay the delivery man 150 bucks?  i could have had. high quality pic i projector for the same price.
here are some early unpackaging pictures. will do a video review in a bit: http://i65.tinypic.com/fns45t.jpg http://i68.tinypic.com/4hts35.jpg http://i64.tinypic.com/22yqrm.jpg
just got it; us backer. disappointed with the sw but as a kser project i expected this because i had expected more delays. this is one of those products that needed more time for r&d but was certainly rush to appease backers. i expect further development and the potential is there. @creator after the holidays hopefully your team can get back on improving this product before making it available to the mass.
just got my beam! probably the biggest disappointment ever! horrible sound quality. my iphone is as loud. connectivity is a joke! nothing like watching a video and every 5 minutes having to reconnect. unless you have a projecter screen the pictures quality resembles a 1950's black and white tv. worst buy of 2015 for me! the best part is i can't get my money back!!
i'm in us also, nothing here either. i do have a tracking number though.
hi guys. i am in the usa. received nothing .....  thanks for checking.
wtf $140usd in custom? @creator please respond.
i received beam.  1. first of all: congratulations for the delivery of the project, because i think to have an electronic device like beam with all its complexity in the manufacturing/development process delivered just two month late is something good here at kickstarter, there are others well behind these delays and communication about the delay was fair and transparent! 2. the product and package design is really nice and professional! about the functionality i cannot say much at this point (please see point 4). still there are some things that could be brushed a little more, for instance you have to switch quite often between touchpad and keypad in the app, just to navigate and confirm a dialog/button (e.g. pressing "sets" in the app, makes me having to switch to keypad touchpad in order to select the only set available, more consequently limiting navigation to cursors style would probably improve the user experience. but still, thats something that i have patience for improvement through the development of updates. 3. i had to pay round about 150 usd in customs/vat. that is quite alot, i think (and yes, you are not the only project) founders have to state clearly, where they expect the origin/shipping from, since this is can add a significant amount to the costs of the initial kickstarter product price -  having to pay unexpectedly 40% on top of the price shouldnt be a surprise, especially when the company suggest that they are located somewhere else from where they actually plan to ship the final product form. 4. it was promised that beam can mirror the image for rear projection. i wasn't able to figure out how. only way i could modify the image was to rotate but not mirror. where can i find this setting? thanks
finally got into weather and now it just says "error parsing data". on top of that apps just keep disappearing from my "sets"
just got mine set up. currently can't get any internet services to work. gmail won't login, weather says can't connect to server and checking for an update gave me a message "undiscover new version". product can be great, but software is junk right now.
@creator hopefully you can at least get netflix working efficiently!
ok so i received mine yesterday. i love the packaging and the look of the product. the screen brightness and clarity is surprisingly good. when i powered it up the os worked alright a little laggy it ok. but after the device ha been on for extended periods it's starts to chug. after playing with it some more it became unusable. netflix doesn't work. airplay barely works, there is no way to scroll up or down. when you turn the device off a bright light comes on. i don't want that light on, this should be customizable. the os is so buggy and slow, i had tore set multiple times after it froze. i couldn't get anything to work. i really hope this will be patched out. the user interface is kind of confusing. you guys should add a sleep timer in case i fall asleep watching on my ceiling.
hi all, just wanted to thank you all for all the feedback we have been receiving. we are working hard to fix all the issues that you encounter with an software update on beam itself. the android beam remote has been updated already and should fix the issues reported here. please let us know when anything happens that shouldn't be happening, we are gathering all bugs/issues/requests and we will try to fix them asap! the rest of the kickstarter beams will be shipped this thursday! could you guys do us a favor? we would love to know and see how you use your beam. can you send us some photo's of your beam setup to hello@beamlabsinc.com. thanks in advance! all the best, beam-team
usps
how is this being shipped?  i received a "tracking number" but it hasn't changed in days. does the shipping company know to deliver after hours to residential areas?
does anyone have video?
i just wanted to make a quick update... i tried teamviewer again from a different computer and had better results, not perfect by any means, but watchable. however, i did find a good way to play videos, quite by accident. when right clicking on a video file in windows 10, there was an option i hadn't noticed before: cast to device. with it, i was able to stream videos from my pc via beam almost perfectly. the only problem is thatduring playback windows reports "device is offline". the video finishes playing, but i am not able to play another without rebooting the pc. i don't know if this is a problem with windows or with beam.
beam team, what will you do about the problems in the software mentioned here? will you be addressing these at all? thank you, concerned backer
i received my beam before xmas after paying an additional 96 euro's. a huge disappointment additional costs need to be paid, especially because there are questions asked about this during the campaign. is this only for dutch backers or does other (non-dutch) backers facing these extra costs as well??? i really don't understand why the beam hasn't been shipped directly out of nl to us. it would mean 2-3 days extra shipping time and no extra costs for the duch backer. the looks, the package are great. a real gift and great piece of design. fully matching my expectations! that said it isn't about the package unfortunately but about the content. sadly the product isnt as nice as the looks of it ........ the connection drops all the time, i need to re-connect the beam with my apple device and sometimes even complete connect from scratch. maybe due to my lack of knowledge of android but the os is currently not understood still. i have been able to download the kpn itv app but i only get sound, no view., while on my apple device i get sound and view. a real pain in the a.. because that would be my main reason to get a beam: watch tv out of my bed projected to my ceiling. netflix i haven't tried still based upon earlier negative comments. when i want to switch off my beam - via the os- i suddenly get a light which i only can switch of by pulling out the plug out of the socket....... this mean a new set-up when you plug in your beam in the socket (not a easy or smart way of working). secondly i have spend more than 1 hour to adjust the clock because it is one hour behind ...... after many attempts i give it up. again not sure if this is my lack of android knowledge of something in the beam settings. i'm fearing to try to set-up a ifttt recipe to auto project the time in the mornings before i wake up either in combination with a nice piece of music as alarm. comments below does not give the the confident this will be a quick & easy exercise...... last but not least the beam has - like shared before by the creators- a nice ring to adjust the view. sadly there is a minor misalignment because even my table is 100% horizontal leveled the image on the wall is 98% leveled. if i adjust the view via the adjustment ring the view will be 102% leveled. overall conclusion is that the product looks amazing, the package is a true gift but content-wise the product seems not fully developed still. i expect most of the issues can be solved by software updates. the extra paid customs taxes and duties (including handling cost because the taxes and duties weren't paid) are defiantly a huge disappointment. the total paid amount of 530 euro's is at this stage not worth the product. especially it for now i have a light bulb which also projects the - incorrect- time, the weather and i can watch webpages or youtube video's with. hopefully the creators will step up and provide us very soon software updates and guidance to secure the product is as good as it looks. for the moment i'm carefull with sharing the product with my friends, because when they hear what it costs they will decline me nuts. i want overwhelmed them and make them envy i have a beam and they not........ guess a little more patience is still required but hopefully the moment to share beam with my world comes soon!
i thought i'd post a bit more after using it for a few days. i apologize that these are mostly negative points. i'll start with the biggest issue that comes to mind, the android app. it seems to time-out after being inactive for a while. it seems to connect, and respond to your input, and the beam screen refreshes but doesn't respond beyond that. the mouse point doesn't show up, the app's buttons (back, on/off, for example) don't do anything. the only solution i've found is to forcibly close the app or restart my phone. restarting/resetting beam doesn't make a difference. i've not noticed this problem with the web app. speaking of the web app, i tried it in microsoft's edge browser and it couldn't find the beam. it does work with opera, though. i haven't tried any other browsers. icons sometimes disappear from the main interface, at least from the default "living room" set. i think this only happened when i was browsing google play store. i have not tried netflix, but youtube worked quite well when i tried it. i could not get the installed miracast app working, so i tried installing teamviewer to mirror my desktop, as suggested on the support page, but it was extremely laggy. i will try again with a different pc and see if things improve. i have tried setting up an action to get beam to turn on and display the clock when i get home but it has never worked. i don't know if it's related to the android app issues, or something else, but so far, no luck. considering beam actions were one their big talking points during the campaign, it's extremely basic at this point. for example, you can't edit an existing action, you have to delete (or disable) the old one and then create a new one. timer-based actions would be nice, for example, there doesn't seem to be a way to make the screen turn off if you've been inactive for a while. so, once again, i'm sorry for the mostly negative review. fortunately, i think at lot of it can be fixed after a few software updates.  i am actually more interested in hearing what others have installed and been using on theirs, as i think that will give me ideas as to how to get the most use out of it. i hope beam labs sets up a web forum or something to help troubleshoot and share ideas.
around italy
did anyone around get it yet??
i am in italy and it hasn't come
i am in italy
how do u track your beam??
arrived yesterday on the 24th. location portugal, backer 723. setup was easy but i had to do it twice, first time it did not connect to my wifi. i have a google onhub. initial setup was with the android app. beam clock, beam weather, youtube works. airplay via ipad laggy for the video. airplay via macbook spotty. i can mirror my screen, but do not play any movies in itunes or quicktime. does not matter whether with drm (free episode of a tv show from itunes) or a locally recorded movie. it says error -50. when i check for updates it says" undiscover new version".
thank you for the review. really appreciate you taking the time.
mine arrived this morning, i haven't really had time to play around with it much as i had issues setting it up. like you, i had to do a factory reset a few times during set up. it wasn't connecting to my wireless network and sometimes that would stop my phone or pc from connecting to it until i reset it. there were non-alphanumeric characters in my wifi password, so i had to change that to get it to connect. to scroll with the touchpad, just have one finger on the "button" and use another finger to move up or down. it's a bit awkward to scroll through large pages, but works well enough in general.
apologies for the typos! �
i was backer 61. the beam arrived in holland from china 6 days ago. it is a true gift to receive, the packaging is a treat. the product itself is great. beautiful, soft black finish. everything about the hardware looks and feels as first class quality. the set up is very easy: just screw beam in the socket and plug it in. it will start to project immediately, showing instructions. make sure you have the app in place (you'll need it to navigate) and follow the instructions. i installed the app on my iphone 5c, ipad air 2 and use the webapp on mu macbook pro. easy peasy. having siad that, you'll understand i'm not familiar with android :) and the beam system in android. it feels laggy to me, and buggy. i suspect (and hope) that the software needs a few updates until performance is as it should be. with me, the system seems to crash on the netflix app, but maybe i just wanted to much, too fast. anyway, to reboot the system, just plug the beam out, plug it in again, pressing the hardware button on the rim. android will reset and the beam is back to factory settings. it seems to me it would have been nice if the hardware button would have served as a reset button (as on a mac), but this isn't the case. once the system is stuck, the button does nothing. unplugging and going back to factory settings is the only cure. the apps are very nice. they look nice, and i think they have a pleasing ux. there are 3 ways you can operate the beam: with a touchpad, a keyboard and with arrows. i find i toggle all three to be able to do what i want. i haven't found a way to scroll up and down with the touchpad, so for that i use the arrows.  and, as said by someone before, after a while the responsiveness starts to lag. i find the beam to be a bit noisier than promised (you can hear the fan), but it's ok. it gets warm too, but that could be feom crashing all the time. or perhaps the fan in my beam is a monday morning product, and that's what's causing the crashes instead of android. i don't know.  @creator, what do you think? all in all: it looks great, it feels great, it just is the first of its kind and it has a few hickups. mainly software issues, as far as i can tell. i'm really happy with it and will mainly be using it to take it with me to clients, for presentations.  - the mirroring of a keynote presentation is flawless, no lag at all :)
looks like us delivery next week. just checked tracking and my package just enter the us and with sorting i suspect mon/tue delivery.
hmm no tracking number yet though other dutch people have received their beam already. can you guys check?
ditto (about the review) and anyone in the us received theirs?
can anyone who has it give us a bit more of an in-depth review?
854
backer nr 188.
hi! question to those who have received their beams: what backer numbers are you?
nothing here yet; hoping it will arrive this week.
i have not received anything yet!!! no christmas beam fun...
anyone tried it with sling player?
can anyone who got one post a video of the beam in action?
it is a great product, but the beam is not very stable yet (i suppose it is the android part of the beam). i sometimes hangs. some apps do not work (for instance horizongo, dutch tv app, does not work). after it hung, it was reset to factory defaults. the button on the beam does sometimes not respond. netflix indeed cannot be streamed using airplay. airplay has a big ''time-lag''. the ''remote'' app on ios is ok, but the movement of the pointer is quite slow. at first the responsiveness is good and after a while it seems to get tired ;-). but luckily i do not have any issues with the neflix app....  in dutch they say: "it still has some child diseases", but i am confident that beaminc will work it out.
what is going on?!?! netflix mirroring doesn't work????
okay, seriously: netflix is a no-go!!  it f*cks up the beam somehow and you have to reset to factory settings :/
found it!  here: http://beamlabsinc.com/support/ :)
my beam came today! cost another 96 euros..  but: it is beautiful, and it works! that is: it worked. until i tried to open the netflix app.. it restarted itself three times in a row, but then keot hanging. so i unplugged it, and tried to start it up again. no luck though. now, i am staring at the start-up screen, but it's as far as it goes...  my devices can't find the beam, so i can't reset it. on the beam, i can't find a reset button. the on/off button doesn't respond. @creator: what to do?!
hi, somewhat upset. after a long wait, a promise was made to all backers (i'm #1,524) that they would receive their beam on or before christmas, and per the promised schedule for shipping batches out, mine should have shipped two weeks ago. as of this date, i have not received any communication with a response nor a tracking number. would appreciate a response at your earliest.
yep, i'd to pay 96 euro taxes as well. probably, for the dutch people, the 21% btw. unfortunately for us, its probably calculated with the current exchange rate..
hi all,  the android app has been submitted to google and will be live within a few hours!
received my beam too! also had to pay 96€ customs. (nl)
also received it. had to pay 96 euro to customs....
@bernie: great to hear!
just received my beam!!!
#701 got tracking number. wondering how much time it takes to reach jp as we are leaving in a few days for the holidays.
got the tracking number too! cannot wait to try it out. because their address is here in the netherlands (leerdam), i also could pick it up myself ;-)
woohoo got my tracking!
hi! just a quick update from us. the beams have been received in country of destination and will be distributed further from tomorrow on. we expect to receive the track and trace numbers shortly. beam-team
backer #854 here; no tracking yet and i suspect that this product will arrive after xmas. it's okay, i'm in no hurry but it certainly would be nice to have it sooner than later.
any update on shipping?
'most beams will be shipped by the end of the week' stated about a week ago. backer no. 701, no tracking number until now. so does any earlier backers already received tracking numbers? and according to my experience with glocalme, i think in this case receiving tracking number is not the same with receiving shipping notice from amazon. chinese manufacturers these days are using special shipment route/method to reduce/avoid tax and that takes time. in the case of glocalme, product is first shipped to singapore and then shipped from singapore with a different tracking number, totally taking more than 2 weeks. i hope this won't happen here, but just in case.
has anyone already received a tracking number?
thanks. we have spent a lot of money on this product. please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations.
hi  i thank the beam team for taking the time to make our product in a serious and responsible manner. i thank you for resisting the urge to just hand over any old crap and get this thing over with. i believe that kickstarter has blurred the line between supporting a proyect and  buying something from ebay. in ebay/amazon we are used to same day shipping... detailed tracking, client feedback and moneyback satisfaction garanteed bussiness.  i believe kickstarter is not this. there is no provider history on which to base reliability of components, or supplier history to base the timeframes upon.. there is no hard evidence of the hidden costs.. or hidden pitfalls...since, you guessed it, there have been no beams before.  i believe an inordinate amount of backers have been led to believe that  this is a surefire event..not a new idea,  something that has never before been done, and 90% of the mistakes will be made on this run.  you want a perfect product, shipped on time with an iron clad garantee and a forum with all kinds of feedback and info... well.. wait 2 years;  be forwarned however that perhaps  if this product was not backed here, now, by us... it might not exist (or  said forum) 2 years from now. anxious as i am to receive it.. pelase take the time to make our beams the best that you can... also android...android..android!!!!!
would it be possible to get the source code for the app to try adapting it to xamarin or a similar multi-platform technology?  i'm a windows phone user, and sure would be swell to have an app!
*will beam arrive in jan. 2016
we want a solid product. we are not blaming production delay. we just want a clear answer to the following questions. and with a better precision from your statement record (weeks delay, every time) - will beam arrive before christmas (very likely to be no) - will beam arrive in 2015 (likely to be no) - will beam arrive in jan. 2015 (maybe yes?) please take a moment from composing your 'extensive update' and just simply answer these questions.
update please.
hi beam team, we all are aware you are doing all you can to provide us with a superb product. we also (try) to understand your focus is on that area but we all are urgently waiting for clear updates about the final product as well when we finally can expect to have our beams in our hands! please improve your communications towards us: your founders!
the schedule said everything would be shipped by october.  it's been almost a month since the last update.  can we get something a little more encouraging?
so , soon, is that this week?
thanks. we have spent a lot of money on this product. please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations.
thanks. we have spent a lot of money on this product. please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations.
thanks. we have spent a lot of money on this product. please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations.
hi all, assembly is in process and all is going according to schedule. we will be posting an extensive update about everything soon with pictures and videos of your beam being assembled!
where are we with this project? we are creeping closer to december and if you don't think you can deliver this in dec. i would like to know. not rushing just curious so i can lower my expectations.
do i*
sorry i looked up company applications on fcc website as beam labs, how don't find it in there? thanks
@me:  all tests for fcc approval have been conducted and beam has been found compliant. best, beam-team
dear beam labs, you mention in the update comments you are already assembling. how can you be already assembling but you do not have fcc approval yet?
@chris brown, sorry to hear that our updates haven't reached you! as mentioned in the updates, developing a product from scratch is not an easy task. this is a first production run for a new and innovative product, but that's what kickstarter is for. in our case, all components have been bought and production is already underway. you can expect your beam to be shipped in december. we'll be posting an update in 2 weeks that shows the assembly process so keep an eye out for that.
@chris brown. this is not amazon. this is kickstarter. you should never expect real delivery times
i would like to get a refund of $400.00 as you have not shipped the product as promised, october 2015, and you have not contacted me regarding this issue. there is no guarantee that you will ever make and ship this beam, so please send me my money back within 10 days.
i would like to get a refund of $400.00 as you have not shipped the product as promised, october 2015, and you have not contacted me regarding this issue. there is no guarantee that you will ever make and ship this beam, so please send me my money back within 10 days.
good day, can i upgrade the shipping method? our local postal services is on strike and very corrupt? i have a fedex account number which you can use. they work and is a safe option!!!
dimensions would be great, so we can make sure we have lamps that fit nicely.
if it's possible change the led lamp? could you explain the warranty, 1 year remplacement. how we can use rma department from europe' also could you confirm the specs, lumins, weight, consumption, upgrades.....?
so we have a list of things promised by the last update. 1, "next step is getting our faq, support and developer pages online as well" 2, ce and fcc approval 3, parts being delivered 4, begin assembling and testing/shipping i wonder if a month's time was not enough to get 1 done, how much longer will it take to do the rest. especially as 2 and 3 take time, and may have trial and error cycles, and as no update being post i suspect you are in the midst of one, if not multiple of those cycles. if this assumption is right shipping begins in november is almost impossible. (i actually am not expecting shipping before christmas too) we at last want a solid product with the promised functions, so i'm not worrying or complaining about delayed delivery, please take your time and make it to be a good thing. but please keep people informed, because we are backers sharing risk with you.
hi beam, can we please get a short comment as to how production is going?
so any news?
i'm excited! have they arrived from the factory?
take your time guys, i have high expectations for this project, so i prefer you delivering a fully finished product. allthough i am xcited to get it in my hands.
are still on track with production and shipment in november?
@megabueno thanks for the compliments! @rachel, we'll contact you personally about it.
i asked this question on the updates page, but didn't get a response so thought i'd leave it here too. if i chose e26/27 on the survey, will i still get the bayonet the adaptor as i live in the uk and will need both in my house? thank you
@creator keep up the good work! really excited about this product and i can't wait to watch movies in the backyard under the stars with this innovation :)
@megabueno we will send out an update with more details when we start shipping to keep everyone up to date. when your beam is shipped you'll get a track and trace number so you know when delivery is estimated.
@beam how many units are you projecting to assemble each week? figure i would ask since it's based on first come first serve and this would give those of us who are waiting an understanding to when to expect their pledge...
we've posted an update to address most questions. for other questions we have contacted or will contact you personally!
so any news?
don't think you can get a refund for a pledge.
i'm asking again since you haven't responded my e-mail.  can i cancel my order??
that long trip...and the longest is the last mile. now that october is here, can't wait to see that beam! thanks in advance for confirming when it might arrive!
how is the october shipping date looking?
15 day since last contact by you, any news?
october is nearly here. any news? still on track?
is it too late to cancel my order?
@beam labs, inc.   amazing!   thank you for thinking internationally!   =-)   i am so excited to utilize beam as i travel around the world!
hi team.  two questions : 1.what are the dimensions of the beam.? i need to buy suitable lamp for it.  2.what is the max screen size and from what distance/throw?
@nathan: yes, beam works on 110vac up to 240vac, this covers all countries standard power line voltage levels.
@george, in the us e26/27 is mostly used.  bayonet fixtures are used in the uk and australia.
@christina, we just send you a private message about this matter. we'll work something out to get you your beam!
i backed this project and realized beam does not ship to my country (taiwan) is there a reason for the limited countries it ships to? and what can i do to fix this?
i filled out survey. checked e26/27 because it looked familiar? what is bayonet. i am us resident.
just to check, this is what voltage?  i hope it's 120-240 as i travel around the world often...
thank you for the survey. go beam team!!!
so now delivery is november? if that keeps is not so bad
strawberry?
i hope this is still on track for october...
is the project still on track for an october delivery?
just got a 6 arms jielde floor lamp for beam. looking forward to project things onto various surfaces in our house.
how bright is the bulb inside beam ? how many lumens does it project?
hi matt, beam currently needs around 10w. a usb port on a computer supplies 2.5w, with a charger you can get around 7.5w so we won't be able to power it over usb. we deliver beam with a light socket power cable, so you can hook it up anywhere!
thanks for the update and video! i understand you are in the middle of production, however has anyone had time to think about a usb power cord. not sure on the power requirements, but this could make mobility and uses go off the chart. thoughts?
we're preparing an update for today or tomorrow to keep you guys up to date. we just need to do some finishing touches on a movie that shows the current status of beam.
what's going on here???
the last update was on july 2nd. could we please have a new one (even if it's just to confirm that everything is still on track)? thanks!
how is the production coming along, are we still projected for the scheduled release date?
how is the beam compared with rif6?
how is everything coming along beam?
is it possible to use it as an android pc, like remix mini (another ks campaign) ???
would love to see an actual production model in action... any chance of that happening?
@thorsten: beam works on dimmable light sockets, but it might require that the dimming switch is turned to full
does the beam support dimmable sockets? like when you use beam within a multi-light arrangement that is attached to a dimmer switch?
yes that was a dumb late night question i suppose. i am very excited to hear how things are proceeding.
hi vivian, beam itself runs on android, so you can just install netflix on it. so you don't have to airplay netflix. if you want some more information about this please send us a private message we will be glad to explain it in more detail to you! beam-team
hi megabueno and vivian, we are still on track on shipping your beam by october, we have a very exciting update coming your way soon! beam-team!
did the hoodies get sent out? i sent in my information but i haven't seen any response about delivery date.  thanks!
hi, how is the process going, can we please get an update and are you guys still on course to deliver by delivery date? thank you
how will we be able to airplay through beam app if i need another app to be open at the same time, for ex, netflix?
are we still on target for an october delivery date or is premature to confirm that at this moment?
hi john/steven, beam will have its own ios "beam app". with this app you can control beam and send content to it through airplay.
if you read through their details it says: "you can of course control beam with the app on your apple or android device."
i don't have a android device. i'm not interested enough in android to buy any android devices. please add support for windows smartphones and ios devices as well.
i am a bit confused. i only have ios devices, i thought this beam would work with ios as well. but your last update makes me doubt this. if i understand correctly, you will not develop any apps for ios? only android ? that would be disappointing. can someone confirm ??
so i am moving due to a job change. is there any way i can update my mailing address to you guys?
@kristoffer  thank you for your question. beam works pretty much the same as any other android device. so you can stream anything from beam to your speakers that you currently can stream from your android device to your speakers. because of the endless amount of apps that are available and the large amount of different speakers we cannot tell you what will and what will not work in your situation. for example, if you have a sonos speaker, you can stream music from beam with the sonos app.
@vivian, could you send us a email to hello@beamlabsinc.com with some more details?
@pablo, yes you can install kodi on beam!
hi! will there be any possibility to stream all the audio from the beam over wifi to some kind of dlna enabled device? i know it's possible with bluetooth, but the sound quality is to low for me when doing that. what i'm after is basically the wifi equivalence of an aux cable from the beam to my hi-fi receiver.
can i install kodi no it?
is there any way this could be used in a home setup for a golf simulator?
scottie are your here? i am still waiting for an update to my beam-ing  request...
beam me up scottie!!!
thrilled to hear about some updates, status, etc :)
hi, what is the update on beam's progress? thanks
possible got a hdmi port or mhl input or any kind of hdmi input on board? i want to connect chromecast/laptop/all sort of things to this
@si mickle, sorry to hear that! could you send us a private message with the following information: shipping addres size men or women hoodie we will take care of the rest! all the best, beam-team
i think my hoodie email may have gone into spam, did everyone else get their hoody ok?
kathleen i'm also curious, do you and your son use the same kickstarter account? perhaps not such a great idea in hind-site...
i would say that if my kid has my credit card information with my permission, then i am personally responsible. if they have the card information without my permission then that sounds like it's time for some parental discipline. either way i would make him or her pay you back...
hey @kathleen thomas, my partner and i are in a similar situation - though we didnt request a refund.  we had made a pledge with the intention of paying on the night, but postage and conversion put the pledge cost above either of our transfer limits.  our logic was that the kickstarter campaign lasts for roughly a month - this should be enough time to consider the pledge and its impact on your finances and once the time is up, pay what was promised. now im not going to declare im knowledged in kickstarter rule/regulations (ive only backed 2 other projects) but the deadline is clearly defined and so im trating this like ebay - i committed to the purchase and now i must follow through.  perhaps a life lesson for your son to be more careful in the future? in short i agree from a technicality perspective, not ethical
hey backers!  let me know what you think! my son without my permission, backed this project. i found out when the charge posted, the day after the project closed.  i immediately contacted beam and asked to have the pledge cancelled. it took several days and several emails to get any response from them. here is their response - please post and let me know what you think. is this fair considering that kickstarters' bylaws allow for refunds?  consdering they were hoping for $200,000 and got nearly $800,000 in pledges. their attitude and unresponsiveness is of great concern, as well. you have recently contacted us with a request to refund your backing for beam on kickstarter. unfortunately we are unable to offer you a refund for this, regardless of the reasons or circumstances for your cancellation. developing a product like beam takes a lot of careful planning on both the production process and the financial aspects. a lot of these things are dependant on the amount of beams we produce, so if these amounts change we have to re-negotiate with suppliers and make a new financial planning. one beam less is not going to change this completely, but it is unfair to all other backers if we grant one request and deny another...during the crowdfunding project itself it is possible to cancel a pledge easily and a message is sent to all backers before the campaign closes. so he claims that 24hours made the difference in refunding me the money for a project i did not back... do you agree with beam"s decision?????
can't wait for this item! extremely innovative.
it tools days and several postings to finally hear from beam!  despite notifying them the day after the project closed of my son backing this without my permission, they denied cancelling this order!!! they stated i could have cancelled during before the closing date - 24 hours earlier!  but despite kickstarter's policy of allowing cancellations, beam refused stating budget reasons!  yes, for a project that well exceeded their planned goal.   i hope this is not a foreshadowing of the type of business beam is and how little they respect their supporters!
2days ago i posted a comment about this project...and guess what?the beam team has still not responded!!!!! shame on you neam labs, inc.! no respose nor no updates since the project closed!!!!!
very much concerned...my son backed this project without my knowledge using my card...wrote to backers...ignored me!!!! according to kickstarters bylaws "you can refund individual pledges if you want. after your project has been funded, you can cancel and refund a backer’s pledge at any time. if you do, you have no further obligation to that specific backer, and no agreement exists between you." guess these guys are just about the money!!!!!
@stefan, brilliant idea! we are going to implement this in beam. thanks for the suggestion.
@gary, beam is dual voltage and we will ship a cable to you with the plug that is used in your country.
congratulations on the successful funding close.  one thing i would ask, would it be possible for you guys to make the beam this way, that when it gets power (e.g. the light socket gets turned on) that it also starts some sort of standard behavior (like displaying a clock or so), comparable with philips hue turning on a standard white led, when it gets power. it would be greater, if that behavior could be customizable by the user (one probably would like to have the led turn on, the other - like me - to display a clock / app.  it is because even though it is trimmed down to 6 wattin standby as you say, that is still alot  - in times, where you are not around/sleeping at night. thanks & good luck with the next phase of the project!
is the beam dual voltage? does the thing work with the cord in europe or the usa with just an adapter plug, or is it single voltage?
congratulations!! keep up the good work!!
sorry. great idea... not grey...
well done chaps. good luck with your next phase. its a grey idea
congratulations guys. job well done. looking forward to receiving mine! :)
congratulations on a succesfull project.
@victoria, thanks for backing! 2 weeks after the kickstarter campaign ends we will send all the backers who live in a bayonet using country a survey to ask them about the bayonet adapter! we will not forget :)!
@frank, thanks for backing us! we will include a powercable with every beam. so you can plug it in a regular outlet and place it on any flat surface. beam will not have a battery pack.
backed you up but have a question, is there besides lightbulb fitting a cable to just plug into outlet, and even more awesome a batterypack for wireless usage? can't wait :)
i just backed your project! :) i'll happily wait it for it to come to my mum's house.. we are always 'on the go' and i see you do not send to any country near us in asia so please, can you send the bayonete with our beam? where should i write it so you remember is our beam among so many?! ;) thanks in advance and congratulations!! beam got our attention as soon as we read about it :) mmmh... love to back such creative minds :)
i understand that the amount of backers are far from 2mill to have the led lights.. but can the light itself at least have a choice of white or yellow? personally i hate white lights at home. and esply during night times, it is much soothing to have yellow light. perhaps an option to choose white or yellow light? or able to change the cover of where the light shines through? please consider! thankyou.
@michael unfortunately since a few years the usps has raised the shipping fees for overseas packages so high it is quite common that some items are less expensive than the shipping cost when you buy them in the states. it's a common pain in the rear-end when you have to deal with buying things from the usa.
i'm happy to be a backer, but $40+ just for shipping to germany is really quite an amount; unless performed by some celebs. :-)
awesome! i can't wait to receive my beam. i sincerely do hope the final version will have a bigger memory, even if the target hasn't been reached. fingers crossed!!
@stefan beam has the ability to mirror its projection so you can use it for rear projection as well.
@thorsten you can easily send a linux or windows desktop to beam if you install a vnc viewer or teamviewer application on it.
@megabueno thanks for sharing your thoughts about this! we have taken a lot of time in the past to plan the production of beam and we will try our best to prevent delays while ensuring a great quality device.
@andy thanks for sharing the idea, which of course we like! but at this point we are not planning to add a camera.
@wilfred you can install the sonos android app on beam to play your music like you normally would do from your phone. if you'd like to have all of beams audio over your sonos speakers you're going to have to add a bluetooth receiver, as mentioned in this article: https://sonos.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/1790/kw/how%20to%20connect%20via%20bluetooth/session/l3rpbwuvmtqynjc1otexns9zawqvstvquhviag0%3d
@richard we have indeed investigated multiple ways to achieve this product. we've decided not to go for a projector combined with a chromecast because it does not allow us to fully control the projector itself, create if/then rules or design the interactive experience specifically for beam. we believe these are things that are essential to create a great product that is more than the sum of its parts.
@eric krzeslo could you send us a message to hacking@beamlabsinc.com about this?
hi. couple you please make sure, that there is an easy way of enabling rear projection (by mirroring the image)? can't wait for that really cool product to come to life. thanks
is there any way to use this projector as an extended desktop or at least to send a desktop (either linux or windows) to the wall?
hey i believed i bought 3 ($399) beams!. if this is so can you decline 2. i only want 1. thanks
really excited about this project. the innovation and novelty here is using the bulb as a projector; can be a hit and a kickstarter great if executed properly. too often great ideas become good ideas and some times a poorly executed idea. refining your product and constantly making strides to improve the concept should always be considered. i too would prefer to have improve resolution but as the creator i trust that you would make the best product possible without sacrificing quality and timing. timing for kickstarter is another reason why a lot of great ideas become obsolete. hopefully as creators you have planned out the production aspect to avoid extended delays. good luck!
btw that would be a stretchgoal that would make me putting up a 120 inch poster at work to see that it came to be realized.
how about a small integrated camera to analyze the image if you point at it, so it is equipped to work like a touchscreen for any connected 3rd party application?
@creator: i saw a sonos device in one of your recents pics posted; will beam be able to connect to this as means of audio output?
i like the product (but not the resolution) but i kinda wonder why you didn't go for something like a     'projector that fits in any light - with integrated chromecast'   rather than trying to integrate so much more software and hardware in the device? presumably it would have been cheaper and considerably less risk - a with a greater potential to upgrade the resolution.
hey guys, wondering if there's an usb port available (even hidden) on the board?  we ve got some ideas about adding depth sensing cameras. cheers, eric
thank you for this update. looking forward to seeing beam in october
thanks for the thoughtful and responsive update creator.  i appreciate your frankness and honesty.  it is a very exciting product, and i know you'll continue to further develop the user interface as well as explore hardware improvements before beam is shipped out.
hi guys, thanks for the update. looking forward to getting my beam in october!
thank you all so much for your support. we are nearing the end of the ks campaign and have had a lot of support from the community. your belief in the product is great and helps us in making it even better! and of course we read the comments and the request for higher specs. trust me, we do! first of all we want to make a very important personal point. we absolutely believe that the current specs in beam deliver a great product, otherwise we wouldn’t have put it on ks in the first place! we’ve been using and testing beam at home ourselves and enjoy using it. we will never market a product we don’t believe in ourselves! check out the images we’ve made yesterday in our update we just posted. as to the higher specs. at this point we’ve discovered that we can’t promise them. the current specs are what we will guarantee. we will keep exploring, but trust us: the current setup will deliver a great experience. beam will be an integrated part of your home and live. and for those who don’t believe in beam as we presented it: we are sorry to lose your support. but trust us on this: we love beam and we will make it awesome!
hi there ..  can i use beam as a project for my pc ?
@ creator.  we're getting close to the end of the campaign.  any chance the resolution and brightness can be improved?  it seems like you have been working hard on seeing if the specs can be better and i was wondering if you have an update on that front at the moment.
at over half a million dollars, i'm not sure they even care about addressing the resolution concerns that have been raised here...i'm not sure i'm going to make it to the end of this campaign without some more information on that front, but i'm guessing they won't miss the handful of backers who feel the same.
i thought perhaps creators would try get better resolution but they seem to be ignoring that part. it's real pricey
looks like it has the same res as a pico projector but with bluetooth and light fixture. i'm a bit on the fence as well.
@beam  is the picture you linked to 120 inches wide diagonally? if not could you show us what that would look like? i'd like more honesty and openness regarding the projection quality please.
hi matthew, beam can project up to 120-inch widescreen. take a look here to see the quality of beam in action: http://on.fb.me/1xqhlam . we also added some pictures on our kickstarter page in "let's talk hardware".
thanks for that but if that was a good quality picture on a fixed screen what would the screen size be?
854x480p... i'm very worried..
hi in simple turns would someone please explain what the picture quality will be like? thanks brilliant idea by the way
hi there, what a fantastic idea ... we are looking to get our first beam. asap ... good luck ! philippe
@demski thanks for sharing!
@john anderson yes, beam will be open for developers. anyone can make an android app specifically for beam and you can also make apps that control or trigger beam for any other software platform. if you want to know more contact hacking@beamlabsinc.com
@cl siu the specifications we have on the kickstarter page are what we believe to be great for what beam will do for you. we have selected the components inside beam to deliver the optimal performance for size, heat production, noise, resolution and light. sometimes our ongoing negotiations with suppliers and our manufacturing partners might give us the possibility to improve certain specs along the way. for every possible improvement we have to make sure it doesn't have a negative influence on the delicate balance between all the aspects of beam. therefore we need to thoroughly test them first and this takes time. additionally it must fit the current project budget because they require extra engineering steps and higher production costs. the beam we set out to produce for everyone is engineered to be a great product, if we can improve it along the way we certainly will.
hi all, please let me share my two cents regarding hdmi: i think this totally against the original concept of having a projector that should most likely integrate in your household as some kind of a lamp. adding hdmi would make it even more to a regular projector. i think this not the goal here? still more important (remember: my point of view) should be to increase resolution and max lumen. my guts are telling me that there are many of us focussing only on this improvement (just by scrolling thru comments here) thanks for your attention, demski
i think quite a number of backers are keeping their pledge just 'hoping' that you will provide update for all of your 'consider', hope all of them will be concluded before the end of the compaign, this gives an option for all of us to decide whether to keep the pledge or not
is it possible that beam will be open for developers?
@akil simon you can connect bluetooth speakers to beam while you start netflix from your phone. you can even connect bluetooth speakers, a bluetooth mouse and a bluetooth keyboard at the same time to beam while you use the app to control it!
@megabueno thanks for your support!
@peter van der sluijs at the moment beam does not have an hdmi input. but we will definetly consider it as an option if we have the ability to add it.
@bmichael we are working hard to make beam as awesome as possible. we appreciate all of your feedback and the requests that we get from our backers!
is it possible to connect multiple devices at one time to beam, like phone for netflix and bluetooth speakers for sound? does it connect to multiple bluetooth devices or will it have to do wifi for one and bluetooth for the other?
i cat say i speak for a minority or a majority but i will back even if resolution stays as is. now if you can up the resolution i def won't complain but not for increase cost. i think it's incredibly innovative and would be perfect for a room that is limited in size.
i see that it has no hdmi input. is this something you are considering to add before release?
@creator just a heads up, and i think i speak for most: if the resolution specs aren't upgraded, i think a lot of us will back out. its just not worth it.. i figured you have two weeks to salvage as much backers as you can, might want to take advantage of that.
hi junhwa, as soon as we know more we'll let you know in an update. the beam team
please update about resolution spec.
@creator with regards to shipping here in singapore there is a $100 clearance fee as soon as you import more than $300 in goods. is that covered already? or i have to fork another $100 for this?
hi milton, yes you can connect your bluetooth headphones to beam!
can i connect my wireless bluetooth headphones to beam? i asked the question 12 days ago, no answer yet thanks
@creator thx for the reply, so this feature will be included in the web interface as you mentioned in the last update?
hi cl siu, with the beam app (both ios and android app have the same functionalities) you can do a whole range of things, for example: - start apps - set if this then that rules - control beam - stream content - adjust volume - adjust brightness and if you are using youtube on a iphone you can select airplay and choose beam as the destination. beam will instantly start projecting it.
hi junhwa, beam has a custom version based on android 4.2.2
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
what version of android on beam?
thx alots for all the update so far, plz keep up the good work.  additionally i am more interest to know more the way of integration as you stated in the deacription with any any devices we want, perhaps this will be clearer if you can share some features offered on the ios app/android app, eg, beam is running on android, so the ios device can only be used to control the switching of on/off beam?  if i have an video streamig app that run only on ios, how can i leverage beam to play the video?
i also share the same sentiments with other backers and appreciate creator's last comment post. i am on the fence. great product idea.  it's all in the execution.
@creator thanks for the response. i understand that integrating smarts into the projector complicates the choice of hardware heaps, but for many backers it is likely to come down to whether or not it offers good enough resolution and luminance. keep us posted.
how is it more than a simple projector? cause it shows the apps as well? can't a projecter project apps as well? don't want to be a debby downer but the only extra feature i see is it turns into a lamp lol am i missing something? if it gave high res. and more than 100 lumens, could click on the screen, then i would says it more than an ordinary projector and we'll worth the price. but as of now i only see it as a low quality portable projector...that turns into a lamp lol
hey all, first of all we want to thank all of you for your feedback. please believe me when i say that behind the screens we are doing our utmost best to deliver a top notch product in october. this is our very first kickstarter and we are really happy with all the support, great suggestions and critical feedback. at the same time: we are a small team working hard and trying to answer all messages that we get. our mailbox is flooding, but we are trying to keep up while developing the product. sorry if we give the feeling that we aren’t committed to answering your comments. we’ll try to give this extra attention. from the start we’ve been very open regarding the specs of beam that we can 100% promise. in our presentation we’ve shown a realistic image of the 100 ansi lumen projector quality that it can achieve at this point. in our tests it has always worked well and satisfactory, otherwise we would not promote it on kickstarter. a lot of people compare beam to just any projector when it comes to specs and pricing, but please remember that it is much more (which is probably the reason you backed us in the first place). it is a smart projector with integrated beam apps, it can download and play any android app and has if/then capabilities (and can be used on any location because of it’s light fitting). we want to deliver a total beam experience, not just a hardware feature package. the combination of tech we use can’t price wise be compared to just any projector. in creating a hardware/software product like beam we have to buy specific hardware combinations from different suppliers that we need to combine into one end product that works perfectly. for beam it isn’t as simple as finding the best possible projector and replacing it, i wish that were true. trust me when i say that we are looking very hard and seriously into the hardware possibilities. we are calling suppliers and are trying to improve specs while keeping the price the same. we are ordering test units to see the real quality (many hardware producers are more positive than they should be about the specs of their products) and are pushing to bring you a top notch end product. thanks for your trust in beam and we promise you an awesome experience. keep you posted! the beam team
@creator: i - and i would imagine many other backers - would appreciate a more communicative attitude towards important issues raised; especially the ones related to resolution and brightness. i find beamlab so far very passive on these matters and i second the people who are hesitant about remaining a backer of this project because of these unresolved issues. i urge you to clearly state what you will do about these well before the kickstarter campaign ends.
i am also worried about resolution and (to a slightly lesser extent) brightness. without improved specs before end of kickstarter campaign, i will have to drop out.
...nope the footer and please upgrade your website to remove the footer, is still there.
hi @creator, a question: will it have digital keystone correction? also  +1 to improve the specs.
+1 to improve the specs. any chance to add ac in the supported wifi protocol? b/g/n might stutter in wireless streaming.
@creator i am still a bit worried about the resolution and brightness. i imagine i have to focus by moving the beam back and forth from the projection screen.  is this correct? also the 100 lumen is one of my concerns.  i have been looking at buying a pico projector for a while but it exactly the value of 100 lumen that has been keeping me from buying the pico projector.  will you be improving this value? with kind regards, erik from belgium
i just backed this project as i think it has amazing possibilities. i have 2 requests: 1. please, please, please work on improving the specs of this thing before it ships. as others have pointed out, this is a very expensive product for the current resolution/brightness. 2. don't f*@# your early backers by putting out a much better v2 as soon as v1 launches. we all believe in this product, which is why we are giving you money so that you can successfully bring it to market. if you can make the product better, do it! i'd even be willing to deal with a small delay in shipping if you can make v1 better. it is a total slap in the face when projects give early backers a mediocre v1 and then ship an amazing v2 shortly after.
i am backing out as well. so one $349 founders club beam will be available.
i backed out of a 369 tier if anyone wants it. to expensive for what i'm recieving in return. great idea though.
hi michael, demski and colin, we take all feedback seriously and you can be assured that we are trying our outmost best to increase every specification within beam before production and especially the projection quality. but for now the specifications are what we communicated from the start. if you follow this link: http://beamlabsinc.com/images.php you will find the pictures that we posted on our page in a higher resolution showing beam project in different situations. we have taken these pictures using an iphone. beam-team
i also agree. i can't tell if the images used showing the projections are actual photographs, or if they're photoshopped simulations. i'm guessing they're simulations, they look awfully crisp, no pixelization on the projection. the three lighting demos posted are too small to discern projection quality. concerned about that, as i want to see what the projector is actually capable of, not what it theoretically could look like. i get that the product is under development, and that these images may represent where it theoretically could end up at, but $350+ is a big commitment for something i'm not entirely sure what the projection quality will be.
i completely agree with @demski. i requested they upload better resolution pictures of how images appear displayed on the wall and they conveniently didn't address my comment. if the resolution isn't up to par with items on the market today i'm afraid they'll see backers drop support, myself included.  this is a much bigger issue than the developers are willing to admit. please address this, thanks.
i would like to add a +1 regarding higher resolution and more light than 100l. as ressources increase by us backers it should be a point of consideration higher than different color versions of the device.  i would vote it higher than rgb light control! please +1 others who agree!
hi aguirrech, the led has 20.000 projection hours. if you project 10 hours a day you will be able to do so for 6 years!
hi anthony! keep up the good work :)! thanks for sharing
hi siu, not at this moment, but we are looking into it.
is the led lamp replaceable? thanks
i am telling everyone i know about beam. i really want the rgb led goal, as i have hue bulbs in all my lighting and this would be the icing on the cake! let's hit $2,000,000 and knock this out of the park...
are you going to male the lighting adjustable for beam (a dimmer?) somehow i will use this as an actual light source, and i dont want to have 100l all the time
so basically beam can only play off of things that have a bluetooth or wifi, so no apple tv and such?
hi akil, beam will have a ios app that gives you full control over beam and all its features.
is there some way to get ios functionality asa stretch goal?
hi thomas, beam will be totally silent. during development we made this on of our focus points.
hi matty, beam runs on android so you can for example install the third party app team viewer on your macbook and on beam. that way you can mirror your macbook to beam.
hi akil, beam has no hdmi input.
hi anthony,  thank you for your submission to the "if this then that" competition!
can you connect it to a macbook?
can this support hdmi?
can this support hdmi?
i love the idea of having a projector like this without additional cables on walls or ceilings :-) can you say anything about the noice it may produce. i would assume, that there would be no fan needed inside, but that is just an assumption.
in the video, i love how they are laughing so hard at each other while playing solitaire.
hi. and what about the light source? is the led lamp replaceable? thanks
here's one for ifttt: if adt alarm (or any alarm) triggered then play video / sound with flashing police lights and sirens, saying police are on the way.
the pictures you posted are really small. would you mind posting larger pictures so we can see just how crisp (or not) the images displayed are?
it actually seems pretty pricey consider it's only 854x480 pixel resolution and 100 lumen...i was hoping it was like a hd 1080 2600 lumen projector.
on the beam story page we added some photos we took this weekend to show the projection quality in different light situations.
how's the " ... new footage as we speak and will upload it tomorrow to remove any doubt."  coming along?  :)
suggestion: add the possibility to connect beam to a tripod. you can then use it as an actual light fixture standing somewhere in your room, next to the obvious use of it being a projector stand.
super excited. you guys should think about adding a gooseneck light fixture for this. ie this http://coralcompulsion.com/par38-lamp-clamp-fixture. this would be incredible!!
can i connect my wireless bluetooth headphones to beam?
great product, looking forward to october, but come on, this is kind of sad. 100 lumens is more or less useless for the indended purpose, since (as you can see in their own pictures), it'll be barely visible over regular daytime brightness. you'd barely be able to see a message. the absurdity of the thing is, they're sticking it in a lamp fixture that's designed to power a 40 or 60w bulb (800 lumens there) and dissipate the 60w of heat, too. you can now get single leds that output that much light from a single point source, using maybe 8w of power. you're connected to the mains, so you've got no power constraints, and you're in an open fixture and can afford some bulky heatsinks.
i just want to say i love the idea behind this and am proud to support and back it. however the more i review the power of the projector and resolution, i wonder why it is at such a premium. the price is not cheap an yet the resolution is years behind standard capabilities. is there an explanation for this? i know you said you would consider higher resolution but i really think this should be a must. especially given that this product will be released near the end of 2015.  sorry for rambling, but for the premium amount of money we are pledging i would like a premium product. thanks for your work guys!
@creators   please consider having an option for power cables of similar color to main module. thanks!
while i do read in your faq that windows apps won't exist, are you considering a responsive web interface that can be accessed regardless the device?  something as basic as a simple webpage that issues scripted commands should not be too difficult to create.  just a thought.  thanks!
for ios devices, do you anticipate all airplay products to be compatible with the beam? netfix, sling player, amazon video, pled, etc...?
sorry, for bringing this up again, but it is still not clear to me yet, if you are using mockups in your images and the video or if this is the actual brightness of the 100 lumens projection that can be expected in a well lit room? uploading a video for clarification would be great, but a simple yes/no would also be sufficient.
hi christian and kurt, we added a faq with answers for your questions.
i like to know what the biggest size is of the projection? and still sharp of course! and what is the distance at that point from wall to beamer? thanks for the reply.
@max segal.  i am more concerned about the brightness rather than resolution, which limits the personal usability to a minimum and is therefore not bearable for the price.
one question about the cable?  i need a german one
i'm absolutely in love with this. i read the other comments and i think that the resolution is slightly disheartening, no one likes pixels, but i'm still really excited about the creative opportunities available from, what sounds like, a very flexible api. this is going to be the source of fun pet projects for years, esp if the res could happily support some of the most demanding tasks :) do you guys have any plans for supporting a site that allowed people to submit/browse free 3rd party resources for the device? i don't know a thing about androids api; will this be able to interact with web services?
have you looked at any of the laser projection engines like the microvision pico?  it would allow you to get rid of the focusing mechanism all together.
cl siu, you are more than welcome!
nvm i saw the additional details in the deacription, thx creator!
i think you may need to add the nayonet adapter for some users in asia countries, eg, hobgkong, this can be included in the survey after the compaign is ended
hi richard, great news: e27 to bayonet adapter — we will include a free adapter for our uk and australian beam backers, so they can use it in their existing bayonet light sockets.
hi shishir/andy/matthias, the image quality of beam isn't effected by the led's installed. you can only use one feature at a time. you can switch between projecting and using the led light function by pressing the button on beam. we are filming new footage as we speak and will upload it tomorrow to remove any doubt.
hi legnano, you have to adjust the image size by moving beam, there is a focus wheel on beam wich is easy to operate.
hi richard, at this moment we don't have plans to add a bayonet version. this is something we might do in the future. it does work on 240v 50hz
i was under the influence of the idea that no photo-realistic rendering is allowed to be used in the promotional video on kickstarter in order to avoid misunderstandings so that backers won't feel cheated witch now just might be the case for a lot of us should the video prove to have been edited so that it seams as we are looking at the quality that we will get for our pledge. pls answer asap to the previous question;  are the images of the projection mockups or actual photos? the rooms look pretty bright for a 100 lumen projection.
are the images of the projection mockups or actual photos? the rooms look pretty bright for a 100 lumen projection.
@creative apparel  me too!
it actually seems pretty pricey consider it's only 854x480 pixel resolution and 100 lumen...i was hoping it was like a hd 1080 2600 lumen projector.
@shishir ranjan the only information i  have about the beam is that it has a led pico projector with a native resolution of 854 x 480 pixel (wvga) and the brightness is limited by a 12 led lamp with a maximum output of 100 lumen.
will it work with 240v 50hz power?
hello,  a. what is being done to adjust the brightness of the projection during different times of the day ? the projection would be less bright during day than night.  b. what is the size of the projected screen ? thanks.
chance of a bayonet fitting version? "the bayonet light bulb mount is the standard fitting in many former members of the british empire including the united kingdom, australia, india, ireland, and new zealand, as well as parts of the middle east and africa (although not canada, which primarily uses edison screw sockets along with the united states and mexico). the standard size is b22d-2, often referred to in the context of lighting as simply bc." [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bayonet_mount]
hi beam-team, thank you, i appreciate your quick response! i am one of the first 10 backers, because i really like your project. but i am not sure if this is the right product for me, since i would like to project hd content onto the wall, maybe even without closing the curtains of my room. is it possible to zoom or do i adjust the image size by moving the projector and is it easy to focus?
hi legnano, at this moment i cannot give you an answer that will satisfy you. but when we come closer to production and find a way to upgrade we will do this for all backes.
hi junhwa, we are looking into this matter. if we are able to implement ifttt we will let you know through our updates and will place a comment here.
hi abdul, we will not equip beam with a battery.
hi frans/jb. beam labs is an american incorperation. it is true that some of the team members are dutch. but the production and shipment will all be fullfilled from los angeles.
hi jchen, beam has a flatness on one side so it is really steady when you place it on your table. so you don't need a stand, we already implemented this in the design.
not fair, us $0 against the rest of the world!
i put in $1.00 to see how far this project will go. it has great potential but it's too expensive for my taste.
why must dutch citizens pay $44 shipping costs? you are from the netherlands!
@creator.  any chance of beam not using socket and battery powered?
please consider to support ifttt.
agree with jbs comments. very expensive postage to australia - and $0 for us? i haven't time to look at the moment - but you could check with some other kickstarter creators who have managed to ship similar sized objects for significantly less. also - most of our sockets are bayonet no screw in - any chance of a bayonet option? finally - i agree with legnanao - the resolution is on the low side for a new pico projector and higher brightness would also be appreciated.
hi creator thanks for your reply. looking at similar sized items i think this can be shipped for at least half of the price you ask. also why is shipping within the us free of charge? feels like we indirectly need to pay for that as well?
is it possible to make a stand support for stretch goal. when we put it on the table, seems like a  stand would make beam more stable. also, it is possible to design the stand support to become a lamb on the table too! that would definitely a plus score for this project!  love this project, hope have more video and updates!!  best wishes!
i second legnano's comment: "hey guys, i like the idea and the design of projector. is there any plan to improve the performance (resolution / brightness / contrast?) of the projector since there are already android-based portable pico-projectors with better performance (300lm / 1280x720) available on the market. greetings from berlin"
looks super handy! my kid will love that! good luck in getting funded!
hi don, your name sounds kinda dutch, can't you take mine in your briefcase ;-)
hey guys, i like the idea and the design of projector. is there any plan to improve the performance (resolution / brightness / contrast?) of the projector since there are already android-based portable pico-projectors with better performance (300lm / 1280x720) available on the market. greetings from berlin
hi jb, we are going to ship with usps we used their qoutes for the international shipment. if you have an idea to lower the costs we would love to hear!
dear creator could you please lower the outrageous international shipping costs?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
