@zem, yeah, you'd think so... ;)  however logic and calgary infrastructure haven't ever met... >.>
yeah, i'd think that the great white north would be the place you'd most expect to find trains adapted to burrowing underground where the big bad ice can't get to them. plus, then in transit, you can be in a much warmer area in the tunnels.
there's normally at least one person like that on any form of public transit. and if not, they are the idiots who decide to stand in the middle of the street during rush hours blocking the path of the trains(there were two such idiots yesterday when i left work - and our trains are above ground which is stupid in our climate since they always break down due to the weather).
that makes sense. i hadn't considered it from that angle because when i relied on public transit, it seemed like there was always at least one of those people on board.
@lz: mostly it depends on what type of other people are on the bus as well. there have been times where i've been stuck on a bus with people who didn't use deodorant(or reek of booze/mouthwash). so, depending on those it could be good not to if there is no one like that, or it could be very bad if there are.
shorter commutes are always nice. i don't understand why not having any transfers is a bad thing, though.
@zem, they will be nice houses up there, its a upper middle class neighbourhood.  2000+ square feet.
well, so long as it's a super nice house, and especially if you get payed, that could make up for it. perfect opportunity to throw a party! and if you're out of ideas, we could always hold kittencon mk. ii there! ;)
at least i would get a decent amount of reading in every day. when i need to transfer, there isn't much reading while waiting for the second vehicle to show up(and not always able to read on train anyway).
@gm, lol, damned if you do, damned if you don't... ;)
the good news, if it is hidden valley where she lives, it's one bus, no transfers directly to and from work. the bad news, is it's one bus directly to and from work.
@gm, yep, thats pretty far out there for sure!  my sister lives even further north and west from there in creek side... i lived with them for awhile and even driving it took forever to get anywhere.  i much prefer where i live now.  unless its rush hour i can get pretty much anywhere, except the deep south, in under a half hour.
@bakhan: hidden valley(she thinks, i still need to get in touch with the lady to confirm where, so i can see if it's viable). @zem: i actually wouldn't need to get up any earlier, or leave any earlier. i would still arrive at work around the same time i normally do if i leave at 7am(which is actually 15min - approximately - later than i currently leave home).
@gm, which community?
wow, that'd just be really annoying. and you're the only person who could do it?  "it's a tough job, but someone's got to do it!" yeah, i mean, i'm no expert, but i shudder to imagine what your days would be like if work was just as annoying and terrible, but you had to also wake up an hour earlier for a month!
@zem: my mom doesn't even know where the lady lives, she speculates it's one community in the nw(almost directly north of my work), and if it is, it could take up to an hour on the bus to get to work(and that's from the school at the farthest north part of that community).
for a whole month? that's a long time to housesit; hope it's a really big, nice house with good wifi!
so far so good...though every time i go to type good i am always starting food instead...and i'm not even hungry. also, i might end up house sitting for a month for one of my mom's co-workers from may 4 to about june 6.
@gm, hope you have a better day today!
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
@bakhan: thing is, it's more work for me, about the same amount for my manager. especially since she doesn't really check things as closely as i know she should...we've had a few issues with her not verifying i keyed something correctly.
@gm, you should know by now that using logic isn't a manager's go to proceedure.  its more in their wheel house to blow things way (sometimes way way, and of course way way way) out of proportion.  if there is an easy way for the company that takes them any (even one key stroke) more effort than the easy thing for them, its the easy thing for them, thats it.  in my experience anyways...  ;)
i love when people blow things way out of proportion, when the logical thing to do was to remove the entire site from the regular pay run(there were multiple employees that the manager didn't agree with the hours that were on the payroll register, and didn't specify names/how many) and pay them on an off-cycle.
ooooh! the pain! sorry to hear that, or not hear that, you know... ;)
thanks, but the hard drive for that computer failed about 8 years ago, and i was too dumb to get a backup.
@lz, if you still have the masters of your recordings, i can take a look and see what i can do to improve your end product for you, at no cost.  just putting that out there, i'm a total music junky so remastering, is actually fun for me! i know, crazy right? but for whatever reason, i love minutia, spend 2 hours to clean up 10 seconds of audio?  sounds like a fun night! ;)
ok, so full disclosure on computer gate... ;)  i use a pc at work, so almost everything you see me post here, is actually done on a pc.  so it does what i need it to do "real" work wise, excel, word, heatloss/looplayout programs, autocad, etc.  but, for personal use, i want something that works every single time, without fail, and if it costs a bit more i'm good with it.  my problem (lifelong, been working on it, still have a long way to go) is frustration.  once i give into frustration, my productivity drops to pretty much nil.  if my computer didn't work the way that i need it to at home, for recording and such, i'd never get anything done, and that wouldn't be any good.  so i get that they seem expensive, but for me, its well worth the extra dollars to not have the frustration and unneccessary down time.
guten tag, you're it.
morning kittens!
plus, with pc, you can customize it for what you're going to need to use it for. like i said, apple is best for a large portion of the market, but pcs also provide benefits to those who want them. obviously both are important, because both are huge markets. apple for simplicity, support, and interconnecting devices, and pc for customization, price, and control.
my whole issue is the price. for what i use computers for, it's not worth it to drop $1k on a computer that i could get for half the price or less with a pc. that being said, if i was into recording music or editing video, the extra money would be money well-spent. i tried recording with windows; bought a $500 focusrite saffire and everything. the master recordings sounded great. the mp3 and wav files, on the other hand, sounded terrible. it was like listening through a wall. now i'm boring. i use computers for excel, writing novels (very off-and-on), and playing the occasional game. i find the extra buttons on the pc mouse handy when gaming, though.
haha, creeper, you'll have to rebait the hook and just pick their pocket when they're not looking. and yeah, i agree about 1-2 weeks per update, depending on how much is going on, is pretty good. but it can't be a coincidence that the one supporter in nearly 2 weeks came just when you updated. i wonder if that just gives it better visibility on the website somehow.
bakhan, if it were cool to be different, on the internet it'd be cool to love apple. the thing is that it's sort of the mcdonalds of tech, but it is good if you don't actually want to have to fiddle with your computer all the time, but rather that it runs smoothly consistently, has great support, and communicates really well with everything else you own (but only with other things from apple. that's another thing; apple only works with apple). for those reasons, apple is perfect for anyone who doesn't know a whole lot about computers, or doesn't want to worry about trying to get things to work manually and just have it all work as it comes.
lz!  nice to see you again!  hope you're doing alright.
@zem - i just don't want to over do it on the updates to where people may get annoyed.  i wanted to check in becasue it had been awhile.  but i think every week or every 10 days is decent - if i have something to report. i agree that donations usually perk up when i post.  but not so much this time around!  i don't want to get to pleading with people!  but i still can't get past the fact that all my very wealthy clients/friends have not contributed.  they've always been big supporters of mine... i guess that's why their rich?  but the whole purpose of me setting it up with a sort of passive way to ask my rich friends for money.  none of them took the bait!!  hahaha
hi everyone! i'm an apple girl.  wouldn't call myself a fangirl about it... but just what i use, and i don't like change!   it took me forever to switch from pc - and i feel like i don't even still know how to use my laptop completely!  but i guess i'm happy with it!  and i like my phone to match with my computer.  just makes it easier, i think.  i'm not a tech person by any means.
...find, not finf
@bakhan: i just don't like the os of the apple products(even the ipod, but i just click the music icon and go to town with listening, that's it, that's all). i've tried using them, and always go back to pc because it's what i finf easier myself
@gm, i agree.  i also think that there is an anit-apple sentiment out there, like its somehow cool to be different (like everyone else...) and not use apple products, because they are apple products...  informed preference is fine, sheepledom, less so.  after all these years, the only thing that i miss from pc is the delete button... ;)
@bakhan: that's the main thing. each is good for different things. apple is better for music related things 99.9999~% of the time. and it also comes down to preference.
@gm, i only have apple products as microsoft doesn't cut it for me.  i like that all my electronics talk well with each other.  i also like having exactly zero issues with my stuff, vs. the almost endless hassle that i had with pc/microsoft. ;)  honestly, pc doesn't even compare to mac when it comes to music recording/software/functionality.  made the change years ago, enjoyed it ever since, and will never look back.
@bakhan: i only have an ipod because the microsoft zune, after the first generation of them, was no longer available in canada due to some of our media related laws.
lol, all you anti apple people... >.> ;)
howdy, creeper! how're things on your end recently? not over-stressing yourself, i hope.  saw the update, and i realized you always get a boost of donations when you update, so there's the key! just update the gofundme every day or two and you'll be a millionaire in no time! ;)
@lz: i only use an ipod, other than that, i don't like apple products. @creeper: hello.
hi creeper!
hi kittens!
no, i don't have an iphone. i'm kind of the opposite of an apple fanboy.
there is the samsung one. i didn't look too closely at it, but from a quick peruse it seemed to be somewhat decent.
oh yeah, i totally forgot about that buyout! yeah, i heard the quality went straight downhill right after it. a good, homegrown, local kickstarter company, sad to hear about that.  oh well, but yeah, smart watches are still a bit of a small market, especially variety-wise. hate to say it, but the best ones may honestly be apple watches, assuming you have an iphone to go with it of course. if you don't, you'll have to get something that just has all the features you want and not worry if it's a bit cheaply made.  unless of course you stumble upon that magical oasis of a small company with incredibly large pockets to fund high-quality merchandise without selling out and lowering production costs.
that's super lame! but, it helps to explain the low, low price... argh!
morning kittens. @lz: i'm not sure about the pebble. i had backed the pebble time 2, but pebble got sold to fitbit, and stopped production of the time2. here is the update that they sent regarding it: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/getpebble/pebble-2-time-2-and-core-an-entirely-new-3g-ultra/posts/1752929
@lz, i've never tried anything like that before, so i'm not much help, sorry bro!
morning kittens.
i think i'll get the pebble time. it has all the features i want, and it's only $57 on amazon right now.
@zem, don't blame me, @lz brought it up... ;) heck, say what you will about it, you gotta respect the talent!
great, thanks bakhan, now i'm going to have that song in my head all day, and i'm so conflicted i don't even know whether this is sarcastic or genuine!
hey, lz, glad to see you again!  as for smart watches, mine's a smart choice because it can set things on fire, but i have no experience in the smart watch field; i don't even have a smartphone!
i'm making a note right now to check them out
lol! have you ever listened to hayseed dixie?  they do bluegrass covers of 70's rock (and newer stuff too) songs, they started as an ac/dc cover band... they are awesome at what they do, and so damn funny too!  anyways, the banjo player's grandfather wrote dueling banjo's!  they do a version that is really good, and the guitar player has a hard time keeping up to the banjo!  check it out if you get the chance.
hahaha! i haven't played the ukelele. it could be worth a look. the plan my friend and i have is that he'll learn the guitar part and i'll learn the banjo part of dueling banjos and then go on a camping trip together... what's the difference between a harley and a banjo? ... ... ... ... ...you can tune a harley!
@lz, thanks brother! hey, have you ever played the ukulele?  if you have, its chords are layed out pretty much the same way as the banjo, you just have the octive string in the mix as well, like on a 12 string guitar.  the biggest challange there is the thumb pick!  i had some nerve damage on my right hand, making it impossible to hold a pick (for 2 months!) so i had to find an alternative.  i tried to use a thumb pick and just sorta pinch it against my index finger.  it worked ok, but every once in a while i would catch the string with it, and it would become a projectile! ;)  good luck with your banjo!  quick banjo joke for you.  what do you throw to a drowning banjo player? ... ... ... his banjo! ;p
yeah, i wouldn't have gotten the fitbit to begin with if i didn't get a huge discount through my employer. i got the charge hr for about $45, and already had it replaced once for free because it was still under warranty. i don't think it's under warranty anymore. i think what's actually going on is that the location filled out a job posting form for another job, and hr made a mistake when actually posting it.
@lz: i've heard nothing but negative regarding fitbit, good thing i haven't actually bought one. as for one to replace it, i can't really say. i have two watches on the way from a ks project, but they aren't smart watches. just regular analog watches. so i have no recommendations on that end. as for the company hiring at a location that most likely doesn't have a lab...maybe they want someone there to make sure everything is in order before sending it to the lab for testing? or looking to put a lab in there?
couple of things: it appears from my company's website that i'm hiring a tech to work at another location. it's really interesting because i didn't think i was hiring anyone, and i'm pretty sure the location in question doesn't have a lab... also, my fitbit is falling apart again. i've decided fitbit doesn't make very good quality products, so i want to get a smart watch to replace it. i need something affordable that has a silent alarm. recommendations? thanks
sorry for the extended absence, but i'm sure you all understand. bakhan, it's super cool that you're learning to play new instruments! i really need to get back into that and actually learn the banjo.
@zem, thanks for your support! ;) i doubt i'll ever be anything other than "acceptable" with a bow, but it is starting to feel natural to hold it.  even picking it up, i don't have to rearrange my hand, i just grab it in the right position.  back in junior high i played almost all of the different brass and woodwind instruments.  brass instruments have almost exactly the same finger positions, so as long as you have good embouchure, you're in! ;)  violin and piano are two that i would also like to learn.  i've been teaching myself piano very slowly, but i can make chords and hack around, so for what i do, its good enough for now... ;)  violin, is almost as expensive as bass to get into, and hard to learn....  tell your dad good luck!
that sounds awesome bakhan! keep it up! and just remember, every musician is their own biggest critic. ;) i'd imagine that, as different as it tries to be from the electric bass, all your experience with that was sort of a huge shortcut to learning upright, so you probably are actually doing quite well even though you just started learning. i'd bet the hardest part for you would be just getting the muscle memory for where the notes are, and after that, you'll be first chair in the philharmonic in no time! glad to hear you're having so much fun with it, though! my dad recently decided to add violin and piano to the long, long list of instruments he can play (basically most all brass, any instrument in rock music ever, and a few others) but was also considering learning the upright considering how much he's played bass. though to be honest, he's spent plenty of money on new instruments recently!
@zem,  according to my wife and my teacher very well.  according to me, still light years away from being as comfortable as the electric bass.  the sound though! the sound! ;)  my teacher asked me to show her one of my songs and she was able to show me some tricks to get it to sound better.  you play things quite differently on the upright from the electric.  she even put a sticker beside the sound board, so i would know where my "second postion" read as third fret was to make it easier for me.  so i'm practicing everything that she's taught me, both finger picking and with a bow.  honestly, i'm so glad i decided to do this!  huzzah for learning! ;)
how's the upright bass coming along, bakhan?
huzzah! lonliness-b-gone! also, morgen.
morning kittens.
well, dangit, i broke the marathon. oh well, i hope it's not just me tomorrow as well, i hope not everyone was wiped from the face of the earth suddenly. you can't leave me alone for nearly 5 days and expect my sanity to be intact!
woo! about 3 days into the azans marathon with a special guest appearance from creeper!
aaw, don't tell me nobody's going to be here all today either! and then it's the weekend, when nobody shows up, so then it'll be 4 days in a row with only me. ` on an unrelated note, i'm bringing back the all zem all nite show! you guys remember that? if not, you will soon! just kidding. though that was just what i called it when nobody checked in for extensive periods of time like this. one time i marathoned the azan show for almost a full week!
gluten morgning, kittens.
show up where? here? because i was the only one reporting for duty here today.
i show up and no one else does!
and in the ultimate twist of irony after that comment, not only does she not check in, nobody does. quiet day all around? or ones more like mine? i guess my day being like it is is the reason i've been checking here, though. ` but really, not even a "morning kittens."?!
creeper, it's awesome having you around here so much again!  also, when do you think you'll open the shop officially? have everything renovated and start selling baked heaven? and by heaven, i mean cakes either made with cocaine instead of sugar or baked stuff so good it may as well have been baked with cocaine instead of (or as well as) sugar. obviously.
your slogan: people love dreams and creepers! your motto: artisinal af! ` aw, leo's first roadtrip! though, man, i mean i've driven most of that distance even in one go, but it'll be an interesting experience to drive a moving truck halfway across the states!
i have business cards.  i should just make sure my gofundme is pinned to the top of every page. :)
lol  "people love dreams and creepers"  my new logo!
@creeper, ok, lol! just trying to brainstorm without any facts... ;)  i still think the card idea would help, as a physical reminder.  it would increase your chances of follow through, especially if you can get them to buy into your enthusiasm for your dream.  people love dreamers and creepers... ;)
my parents are driving to new york, and then we're renting a moving truck and driving both back to kc.  leo will be in his little astronaut bag with me in the car.
but i am having someone write up a press release for me, with photos, to have in the kansas city star and the food magazine.  i think people in kc will drive the 30-60 minutes to check it out.  i have a pretty big fan base already with relatives and friends. :)  and since i specialize in cake design, i think i'll have a wider customer base than the usual bakery.
oh wow, i just got whiplash after yesterday! man, this went from no comments to all over the place! ` you know you'll make it through this, creeper, and the other side is the best place you'll ever have been. but yeah, those things are both necessary and expensive in part because they're necessary. hahaha, that should be your slogan: "artisinal af!" also, i've been wondering about leo. when does he pack his little bags and move out to the homestead?
haha...busier lunch areas...   it's a small town.  i'm on main street.  i am the busier lunch area!  they are having a ribbon cutting ceremony for me!  i'm the only bakery in town. :):):) and so far, my regular customers that i feel comfortable with, i tell them that i'm leaving soon, why, and then i refer them to my facebook bakery page - the pinned post has the gofundme link on it....although it's a bit further down... i should update my website with the link as a pop up....  *adds to her list of a million things to do*
@creeper, people will pay for quality, as long as they know about it!  charge a premium, and have some sort of customer rewards for loyalty.  also, get your name out there, walk some of the busier lunch areas with samples and a card.  blow them away, and they will come!  people are willing to drive pretty far for a good bakery!
@gm, lol, true true, but as i said its a dream.  right now i couldn't even afford the student bass (read low end) that i'm renting.  its $3800 and its the bottom end of them.  that bat one is around $6000, plus shipping, from germany (i can only imagine)! yikes!
@creeper, none the less, i can only imagine how hard it must be, and how excited you must feel after the completion of each of these hurdles!  your endorphins must be going through the roof!  as far as a smooth way or approaching your customers, in a hopefully non-fireable way... maybe get some buisness cards made up, with your bakery name and go fund me page on it?  you could end your conversation with your customer with something like "it was great seeing you today, will you be in before xyz day, as that will be my last day before i head off the my new bakery..." if they show intrest you then give them the card, and a 5 seconds schpiel, and see how it goes.  that way you're not really crossing a line, and you know that they're interested in helping (as you said, any amount helps).  even if they aren't uber rich or a celebrity.
@creeper: that is one thing i could never properly get my head around, the costing of recipes. for some reason, even following the exact steps from examples the instructor would give us, i always would end up with the wrong numbers. @bakhan: true, but then the cost of the custom bass would shoot through your dream like a hot knife through butter. ;)
@gm - very true!  he'll have two doting grandparents!  who have two giant dogs... a newfoundland and a great pryranees.  i still don't know how that's going to work out.  slow introduction and lots of treats.
i'm also so stressed about pricing!  i know it's going to be cheaper in missouri than in new york.  but the previous owners bought a lot of stuff from a wholesale place and priced stuff cheap.  i'm making everything from scratch.  it's artisinal af!
@gm, yeah, a guy can dream right? ;)
and thanks bakhan... i know every single business owner goes through this sort of thing.  it's just hard being halfway across teh country from it, while maintaining my full time job. i'm at work - unable to use my phone or a computer and i just want to scream! also, i keep trying to figure out a way to tell celebrity clientele about my gofundme page.  there is yet to be a smooth way of doing it.  hahahaha.  also would totally get fired for something like that.
@bakhan: that looked pretty sweet.
and now leo is in time out.  i just had to peel him from my legs and arms.  he gets a bit worked up at times.
hmmm.... the link didn't work properly, i was trying to show off the one with bats instead of f holes! it looks so awesome!
@gm, hey, check this bass out! https://duke-bass.jimdo.com/
@creeper, i'm sorry that its at that stage for you right now!  i certainly don't want to hear that its making you cry! big bear hugs from the north! ;)
not only will he have more room to parkour off of, he will have more people to pester too.
i can't wait for leo to move in to my parent's house with me, though.  the little boy will love running around an entire house!  and a screened in gazebo! he's been feeling neglected because i've been working so much or on the computer all the time.  he's been parkour'ing off the walls lately!!
morning kittens. @creeper: those things are not cheap, sadly, they are necessary though.
i spent much of yesterday crying and panicking.  i'm still swamped... i haven't even done my taxes yet, which also makes me think "oh yeah, you're an awful business person."  the town is so sweet and i get messages every day from people excited for me to open.  but sweet lord, my brain and heart are going to explode before i unlock the door!
morning kittens.
@creeper, oh my goodness!  yeah, i can only imagine how much that might cost, but also how much it would cost not to have it!  there are so many hidden costs to getting a project like that off the ground, i imagine that this wasn't one that would have imediately come to mind!  best of luck creeper!  the harder the stuggle, the sweeter the victory!
having an official breakdown panic stricken heart attack and holy crap what the hell am i doing.  chemical fire suppression system.  that's what i learned about today.  i also learned how much it would cost.  but my insurance agent wants me to install it if i'm going to have a deep fryer. i'm going to be sitting alone in my kitchen with a microwave and my cat.
having an official breakdown panic stricken heart attack and holy crap what the hell am i doing.  chemical fire suppression system.  that's what i learned about today.  i also learned how much it would cost.  but my insurance agent wants me to install it if i'm going to have a deep fryer. i'm going to be sitting alone in my kitchen with a microwave and my cat.
night kittens. ` bob seger's lesser known follow-up to night moves.
evening kittens.
afternoon kittens. kittens of the afternoon. taking over for the afternoon shift from the morning kittens. commas are pretty important when you think about it.
morning kittens
morning kittens.
@zem, in this case they left a call back number (long distance, first tip off) and a message.  so i did some quick googling, and sure enough found out it was a scam.  so once i knew it was a scam, and not just revcanada being dumb... it was game on.  good times were had, i wish i would have had some way of recording it! ;)
heehee, i've always wanted to mess with spam/scam calls, but i never pick them up, and 90% of the time it's just a machine nowadays. it's unfortunate. ` i dunno, bakhan, if we hadn't made this deal to ship all your snow to me and all my warm air up to you, i shudder to think what state our relationship would be in!  ;)
@zem, because its a neutral topic that people can have their own opinions on, and its ok.  unlike many other polarizing topics; politics, religion, etc.  i doubt any (ok,ok, many) friendships ended over a weather discussion... ;)
the last "good" scam call i got was from "revenue canada" claiming that i was going to be in big trouble and i'd better get a lawyer lined up, etc...  looked into it and discovered its quite a common scam.  boy did i have a field day with those guys... obviously esl as well as they didn't get all the insults i was hurling at them... ;)
@zem: i don't need to look it up, my phone tells me where the area code is from(not down to the county/city, but just the state/province). i wouldn't have answered it anyway since i don't know the number.
that's weird, gm, but most likely just spam callers using some way to bounce or scramble their number, or having tons of different numbers reserved to use. i would know; i gave up on looking up the area codes long ago. from last february to just 2 days ago, i've had maybe like 5 calls that weren't spam, and looking through my "recent", i can see a myriad map of all sorts of area codes of spam. i just never pick up my phone anymore unless it's from my area code or a recognized number.
why is weather such a common conversation topic? and almost always a welcome one, because most people like to either complain, ponder, or love the current weather. i don't even do it as small talk, i use it as a full conversation often, but i happen to love watching weather patterns.  just seems weird that it's such a common, easy topic in almost any situation, so much so that it's a cliche.
so, i just got a call from some number in nevada. it rang twice, then they hung up. and just last week, same thing, but from pennsylvania.
morning, everyone. how's the weather for everyone? yesterday got just above 80 here! great for early spring enjoyment, and my favorite for spring is coming once or twice more this week, thunderstorms, which'll cool it back down just a tad.
@geist, i'm so sorry to hear that! hopefully whatever is happening, it leads to good things! you trully deserve good things to happen, enough of this crappy stuff! ;)
morning kittens.
sorry to hear about that, geist, seems like all around here it must've been a fairly hard time. hope things work out nicer soon!
sorry kittens that i haven't been chatty lately. it's been a really rough week. i mean really really bad. i have to work out a few things. i'll be back on once i know how the wind is blowing.
oh boy, i'm also super sick this weekend. this is what you get when you look forward to the weekend. and i was supposed to do something really important today! oh well, there're other other dates to do it. but yeah, super not fun.
just like me to kickstart the conversation, go do stuff and not come back for 7 hours, and then have come back on the start of the weekend just as nobody's here!
i ask a question like that and then aren't even here to respond for 7 hours! oh well, at least you have the weekend to look forward to, bakhan! hopefully something didn't roll under a shelf and will keep you all there forever. ;)
best part of today(so far), lunch. got me a donnair from just downstairs
@gm, yeah i can see that as being zero fun!  i really dislike inventory, but we only have to do it once a year, so i can suck it up. ;)
@bakhan: it was always a pain when working in the kitchen. sometimes the chef would just tell us to 86 the item until he was done, sometimes he would say keep track of what you take so he can account for it.
@gm, normally, its not too bad as our customers have other branches that they can go to, to get most stuff.  due to the nature of our business, we would only have to keep track of one or two things, so at least we won't have that particular nightmare to deal with... ;)
@bakhan: i always hated doing inventory. especially when you are still needing to use/remove things because it's being counted while still normal operations are going on.
@gm, oh you know it!
@zem, 60/40... we've got inventory at my work today so, we work a half day, then we start counting... i'll be doing data entry, so at least i won't be climbing ladders or counting endless fittings, so thats good.  if things go smoothly (like the last couple of years) we'll be done by 8pm and that will be all, if not, we could be here all weekend.  fingers crossed! ><
morning kittens. it's friday, and you know what that means...anything can happen.
how are you today, bakhan and all other kittens who file in?
morning kittens.
but yeah, overall, kinda quiet. i guess work must finally be going pretty well for gm and geist. though in all likelihood it's the exact opposite. i also kinda miss lz checking in. why am i still awake? i should remedy that.
it's not often that all the morning greetings are the exact same.
aaw, you ruined the perfect thread of "morning, kittens."!
@gm, so about that for my part, i just been dealing with things and not want to only post complaints and such.   in some sort of positive news, i had my second bass lesson yesterday, and apparently i'm doing better than i thought, so thats good!
so quiet around these parts these days.
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
huzzah! creeper's campaign passed $2,000, 1/5 the goal!
i forgot to mention that the forecast was the same all week, until late that morning when they updated it to suddenly be warm. the forecast somehow had no clue until it was already warm!
bakhan, that same kind of thing happened in a forecast here a few weeks ago. all week, we were to get snow on a day and super cold. all the way up until after like 10 am that morning, because i checked then as well. then... nope, like in the 50s and sunny! ` also, no clue as to the specifics here, but if there's any way that it could in one day go from super warm inside to warming up a little outside but becoming super cold inside when all the rest of the year, even in the middle of winter with the window in the same open-with-fan configuration, the temperature didn't change almost at all, that might be it.
@gm, looks like they changed the forcast since this morning now, it looks like the snow will wait till monday/tuesday and not 10cm anymore only a chance.  well, give it another 5 minutes... ;)
@bakhan: wait, what snow?
@zem, what style of heating do you guys have there?  radiators?  if so, its because they probably turned the boilers off.  heat, moves towards cold, so any heat in the buildings will get sucked outside faster than your bodies can create it.  fun fact, you will create approx. 2 btus, per pound, per hour! ;)  also, suffer! suffer in the cold! ;) also, are you coming up this weekend, cause i swear the 4 inches of snow we have coming is just for you! ;p
you may be thinking, "oh sure, but you're the one who likes the cold! suffer for your insolence!" and you'd be right, it's kinda nice, but seriously, it's even a bit cold in here for me. when i say it's been colder than outside most of the time... it's been in the mid-30s outside. my room was in the low 40s last night! and the only time i hate cold is in the mornings! i repent! i don't want cold anymore! ;)
so a few days ago my room was super warm for no reason. now it switched, and since last night it's been the coldest place outside of refrigerators! it somehow got colder than outside, even though somehow a wide-open window with a fan in front of it doesn't ever make a difference at all.
@creeper: i did see something about that this morning. when was she supposed to have given birth?
morning! april the giraffe is still pregnant.
morning kittens.
unfortunately so. not even a particularly good one at that. come back when you have the decency to be enjoyable, morning!
morning kittens.
actually... all of the dropbox files linked to on the site are gone. what happened? any link that leads to a dropbox file doesn't exist anymore.
noo, what happened to the top commenters file? it's not there anymore! anyone know what happened? now i have no way to know how many comments i have here! i mean, it's just annoying, but i always love seeing if that refreshed because it's interesting to see how much we've talked here over the last couple years. still, it's so sad to see it not exist anymore.
ooh, yeah, the litterbox still exists, we could use it!  ` here, it's supposed to be in the mid-50s, then this weekend crawl up to the mid-70s, but then rain its way back down to 60, which is all well and good with me! though they refilled the large fountain in front of the union yesterday, so you know they don't think it'll freeze again as well.
@creeper: 13 pounds?! wow. i remember when he was a little ball of fluff. post some pictures of your bakery in the litter box so that we can see how it's going.
morning kittens! winter is officially over. it's going to be nearly 80 degrees and i will most likely be sleeping with the window open and looking forward to cheaper electric bills.
yeah, man, your campaign is going so much better than i might've thought! you're already nearly 1/5 the way to an already pretty lofty goal of 5 digits! i hope it stays trending for a long time!
zem- i still haven't even heard from them!  these have all been from friends and family!  which is why i'm so stupidly touched by it all.  there are even a few friends of mine that i chipped in to their kickstarters... none of them have contributed.  but i totally understand that they may not be able to afford it at this time.
so, creeper... in calculating your average donation, i added every donation, came up with $50 more than you had, and realized... i could have just used your freaking total and divided by how many donations it said you have. duh. by the way, it's $63.8! almost 64 dollars as just your average! dude, i think those high-roller clientele you talked about must've pulled through for you because that's really good for just the average!
plus, creeper, most of the donations are so large! i'd've expected way more $1-5 donations! i wonder what your average donation is?
at least i think i've heard of angry strings. definitely have seen apocalyptia, though. i just think metal made into classical string ensembles is really funny.
gm, angry strings orchestra reminds me of 2cellos, who did thunderstruck by ac/dc, and it sounds surprisingly amazing on cello! https://www.youtube.com/watch… i love how frayed their bows get! though i've seen those other guys as well, i love their metallica stuff.
hiya!   @geist- i know!  he's a big boy now!  nearly 13 pounds of fuzzy attack kitten love bug.  i miiiissss him.  it's my last day in kansas city until i move here!  aaagh!  that sounds so crazy!!! @zem - yeah, donations usually slow down.  it's totally to be expected.  i am shocked every time someone new donates.  it's always so sweet and touching.  but i'll keep posting updates through there.  it's just easier for people who aren't on facebook. i would love surprise visits!!!!!
apocolyptica do it all on 4 cellos, no vocals at all but a cello does play the vocal line, its pretty awesome, and they thrash around like crazy, long hair, etc.  check out their version of metallica's one.  i think its pretty epic.  i'll check out angry strings when i get home, looking forward to it actually! ;)
haven't listened to apocolyptica. but there is absolutely no vocals in any of the metallica songs(other than enter sandman at the middle verse).
@gm, i'll have to check them out, would you say that they sound like apocolyptica?
@bakhan: if you want to check out how awesome it can get, there is a group that has covered many a metal band...with just strings(cello, violin, bass, etc) and percussion. they are called the angry strings orchestra. i personally enjoy their rendition of unforgiven by metallica
@gm, its a real doozy!  i'm currently relearning fingering positions, as i've never played any fretless stings before, it almost feels like starting over.  that and the action on the strings is really high, about three times what i'm used to, so developing more hand strength as well.  for the bow, my instructor just wants me using it on open strings for now, to get used to it, and to practice form.  i just love how it sounds when you get those strings into high gear, all those reverberations!!! ;) i am self taught on guitar and bass, and can pretty much play any rock type song, but this is some next level stuff!  i'm really enjoying the challange though!
@zem, yes, yes it is!
upright bass is interesting to play. it was the instrument i played in high school for band. never did get the hang of using the bow, but that didn't stop me from playing it.
upright bass? that sounds cool! also, of course use it, what else is it used for?! of course, you could always lend some to a friend. *hrrm hrrrm*
@geist, it was good, a nice stress relieving break.  i took my first upright bass lesson last wednesday as well!  making that my first actual music lesson since i was 14... ;)  so far so good, but it does make me feel like i don't even have a clue what the heck i'm doing! ;)  i don't normally take that much time off if i'm not going anywhere, but last week was actually carried over vacation days from last year, and it was a use it or lose it scenario, so duh, use it right? ;)
surprise? heck, let's just have the kitten con there!
@bakhan: how was your week off, you lucky ducky? i usually don't take vacation days until after september (my birthday month). and now that creeper will be opening her own business, the corps should pay her a surprise visit.
@zem, nope not dead! i wasn't expecting to hear that for a few more years, like 40 or so...  is uncle rod dead?  nope, not dead! yay (hopefully)! ;)
huzzah, at least one other person isn't dead! i mean seriously, almost 5 days of just me and occasionally geist.
morning kittens!  so i take a week off and you all do cool and interesting stuff... sure, i get it... ;) @creeper! congrats! that is so flippin cool!  i know you gonna totally rock that bakery! @geist, yeah, no worries there, i had that experience 7 years ago, and have the proper paper work.  glass room, with scary "you're going to jail" posters up, huge ass homeland security dudes (seriously, they made me feel small, and you know that isn't easy...), it hasn't been an issue, and if it does pop up again, as i said, i do have the paper work that they are looking for.  but thanks for the heads up!
hope everyone had a great april fools. i love looking at all the fun things online. one game company actually said it was cancelling a huge, popular project and making it into a first-person zombie shooting survival game, but actually went all the way and released a real game! that's how you do april fools!
and it looks like due to the optical illusion of distance, he might even be much larger, like a medium dog or something. ;) man, yeah, the campaign is thriving! even through the weekend! sure, the donations have slowed a tad, they only come in bursts mostly anyways, but the shares and likes are just increasing! i mean, not like they could decrease, but the rate is increasing.
@creeper: i just visited your gofundme page. good grief, is that leo in the background? my goodness, he has gotten big! i now officially give up on trying to steal your precious. leo would totally tackle me.
aaah... you're all april foolsing me, aren't you? >.>
is that why nobody's on here recently?!
@bakhan: this article was posted on the npr website. please give it a listen and double check with an american embassy to see if you are clear to come to into the u.s. http://www.npr.org/2017/03/29/521920595/canadians-report-more-scrutiny-and-rejection-at-u-s-border-checkpoints
did i sleep through the kitten apocalypse or something?!
wow, this looks like spam, but it's been over 2 days now, probably 3 by the time anyone else sees this.  glacial spam! i told you all i play the long game! ;)
i was curious as to the bowhunting poundage limits in nebraska, so i looked up the deer regulations, and... i hadn't really considered this last option.  " long bow, compound bow, recurve bow, shoulderfired non-electronic crossbow (with a draw weight of at least 125 pounds), hand-thrown spear" so... you can just go hunting like kraven or something? just go kick the deer in the nuts?
so, uhh... *hrmm* not a busy day for anyone? or super busy? ` man, the weather here is perfect today! i love it so much! lower 40s, cloudy, not too windy, no rain.
woohoo, over $1,000!
and who needs ovens or fridges? they're overrated! that's what good 'ol midwestern snow and summer sun are for! heck, they often get just as cold and hot! ;)
you know, if it were just misting, not drizzling, today's weather would be perfect; it's cool, cloudy, and not very windy! unfortunately, though, you need an umbrella or raincoat, but just barely so.
and i ann continually surprised by the people who have contributed!!  i kinda did it because i have some very wealthy clients and was hoping they would chip in...  shocker...  none have (yet?) ... old saying goes "that's why they're rich" i just am so panicked that i'll have a building.... but no money left to get an oven or a fridge!!!
i'm so tired!!!  worked my shift, got home at 1:30 am, and am now working on cookies.  sleep a few hours then work a double shift tomorrow.  �
wow, creeper, the campaign is doing so well! at this rate, it could easily pass $1,000 before morning!
you're still working? wow, yeah, awake is one thing, but being awake now and first off doing work and second off not drinking is a whole 'nother deal!
*sigh* why am i still awake and working?
@creeper: count on me to eat my weight in pastries when i visit. i'll even take a bunch back home with me even though my coworkers don't deserve to taste your delicious pastries. will you be able to replicate that pastry you had in france (i think it was france) where people think you're having an affair? ;-) i'll take a dozen of those.
oh boy, it's supposed to rain nonstop from this evening through all of tomorrow and until thursday just before noon. whoopee.
my roommate took a bunch of pictures for me when i announced on facebook.  i'm actually holding a cake that says "congrats on your bakery!" she had a few, then leo jumped up there and she started laughing.  "we got our picture!" and once i was decorating cookies, leo jumped up and stepped on one.  he left the cutest little paw imprint....  but i couldn't share that photo!
hiya geist!  i've missed you!!!!  i miss virtually drinking with you! that's so sweet of you!  i totally understand if people can't donate.  i do not intend to guilt anyone at all!!! and of course my baby boy is coming with me!  my parents have a screened in gazebo that he can hang out in. :):):)
ooh, leo! he could be the sort of mascot, haha. then again, i don't think most people like animals in their food stores. ;) ` haha, i like the picture with the escaped convict staring at you from the background. and heck yeah, you're trending now! and someone just gave you a huge donation!
@creeper: i'll donate to your gofundme page when i get my next paycheck. i'm so happy you are going into business for yourself. i assume little leo is going with you?
oh! zem - if you go back to my campaign page, you'll see a little kitty convict creeping in the background!
morning! and zem don't apologize for all the questions!  yes - that's why i went with gofundme.  i can withdraw the money when i need to (though i'm waiting until it's emergent), there's no time limit and i don't have to raise the full amount. i considered kickstarter, but i would have to keep the goal low, and then deal with rewards.  it would be a long time before i could work on rewards and i don't know how busy or broke i would be when that time came.
morning kittens.
oh god, not again. i got a cold in the mountains, but it turns out it's the same one i had. twice. just in the past month or month and a half. looks like i'm in for yet another week or so of dry eyes, nose alternating between a faucet and a desert making me sneeze, sore throat, and my all-time favorite, losing my sense of smell!  yup, i think i mentioned it last time. literally lost my sense of smell temporarily. eating sucks because food doesn't taste like food. even when i can breathe through my nose, i can't smell anything, and now nothing tastes good. dammit i can't wait for this to get over with!
yeah, now that i see it in full context, just skim that comment! man, i can ramble when i have a mind to! ;) doesn't help that you can't see it all at once in the typing box, just 4 lines at once. but yeah, i had a few questions, but they can wait until you tell us that exciting more later tonight. just don't overwork yourself in the meantime! i know you've already been super, super busy most of the time (heck, you haven't even been able to be on here much in awhile!), and on top of that, going out to open a new place can be a ton of work, so don't burn yourself out.
haha, like i said, we're all here for you! i'd donate more if i could. kind of one of the reasons i wish i were rich is so i'd never have to say that, i could help people all i wanted. ` and i know you'll be fully able to sustain the place once you get it up and running, but i know for sure that the first difficulty in starting a business is getting it pushed off the ground and running in the first place, but also about a year or two in when you're no longer a new, interesting place. but you should be able to drum up enough of a name in the meantime to stay up and at 'em, especially if you'll be making small, daily things like cupcakes and stuff, but that all comes later anyways, i'm just rambling and thinking right now, pay no mind to the mattress behind the curtain. ;) ` one thing i was wondering because i don't know gofundme too well is what kind of fundraising it is. but considering you get charged instantly, i'd say it's not all-or-nothing like kickstarter with its goals, which is super helpful. is there a time limit to goals on gofundme, or is it just open until you close the campaign? because i don't see anything of the sort, which is even more helpful in cases like yours. but yeah, super glad to help in every way i can! sorry to talk your eyes off. eew, now that i look at it... don't bother reading all of this comment; it's so long! ;)
zem!!! thank you so much!!! at first i was like "who is micah?"  hahaha.  that means a lot to me! every dollar is a huge help! and thank you all so much for your sweet words!  plattsburg is close to kansas city! north east of it.  i'll tell you guys more a little later tonight.   i am so excited and so scared!  but i trust my craft.  it's just getting there.  i know there's going to be so many hidden expenses so i'm already having money panicks.  i'm flying home this weekend to sign the papers.  look at me!  i'll have a mortgage!!  hahahaha.   *vomit*
@lz: for the longest time, i didn't think there was anything more to it...then that article came out. that is one mystery, that honestly, only those adept at various obscure computer codings could have known/figured out without the information that was released.
yay! i'm so glad that mystery has been solved! seriously, i always thought there had to be more to it than just a silly joke to make people wonder.
and thusly 42, because that not only encompasses whatever you want * to be in that script, it also includes life, the universe, and everything! kind of like how on an everything bagel, each of those dots is an individual universe with literally everything contained within, hundreds of universes sprinkled on that bagel so it includes everything that ever existed! including the kitchen sink! haha, now you'll never get that thought out of your head when you see an everything bagel!
@gm, exactly!
@lz: i remember reading something about that. if i remember correctly, the * is representative of whatever you want it to be in that computer script.
zem, i read an interesting thing the other day, and wanted your take on it. the gist of the article is that 42 is how to express * in (i think) ascii. if not ascii, then in some computer script.
congratulations, creeper!! i'm super excited for you!
so it would appear our hot-sauce/maple-bacon-brittle/cupcake kitten corps conglomerate empire is well on its way to taking over the world! and by that i mean one branch of it has plans to start a branch. we gotta start somewhere! ;)
morning kittens. @creeper: that is awesome news! best of luck with getting it started, and  definitely let us know when you are open.
hee hee, the kc having kc in kc!
my idea exactly, geist. definitely all having a kitten con there as soon as the bakery opens!
congratulations creeper! i am so flipping happy for you! of course you will be successful. never doubt that. looks like we need to have a kitten con in kansas sometime in the near future so we can support your bakery. will there be seating or is it carry out?
morning kittens
okay, total lie, i noticed the past week was pretty light here, so i read it all.  ` bakhan, actually, i said that because i was skiing, and had a great time with it too. in all likelihood, i broke 55 mph a few times!  sorry to hear you can't ski. but i hope your weekend getaway to banff was all that and a bag of chips (or your choice of snack that comes in a bag)! sounds like a great way to spend a weekend, just chilling there! (no, climate pun not intended) ` sorry to hear about the troubles last week, gm, and even more sorry we weren't here to hear about them. hope all is a bit better though. haha, if anyone i know deserves/needs a nice relaxing vacation, it's you. ` lz, *grumble, sympathy, encouragement, grumble*
okay, wait, i lied, i read one or two comments, and... creeper, that's amazing!!! that's so cool! sorry i wasn't here to see it earlier, but now that i am, congratulations! and hey, if it's near kc, i might even possibly be able to come visit sometime somehow... someway... you get my point, finally someone is in my neck of the world and is serving food. ;) but yeah, that's totally awesome, creeper, and we're here with you every step of the way!
and don't worry, it's like 1 am here right now before a monday, but i'll be sure to try to read the past week and catch up on everything i missed. happy monday, everyone!  (yeah, sure, that's what i'll be telling myself tomorrow!)
wow, a full week of me not checking in?! i don't know how you guys coped! you must feel deaf without me blowing your ears off! really, though, i was pretty busy last week. sorry for not checking in, i only even got on my computer once in the past... since over a week ago, and that was just to talk about skiing! anyways, your reprieve is up, back to me being here. sorry! ;)
this is huge for me and something i've dreamt about for years.  i'm terrified and excited and all of the things.  i have a gripping fear that i won't be able to get it running... but i know once i do, i will be fine.  i just have to get over that hump! i really wanted to tell you guys and hate that i've been so absent.  i've just been working a lot and trying to do what i could to cut down distractions.  but even if i haven't said anything, i still creep in from time to time, like classic creeper.
sooooo!!!  i have an announcement!  and i know many of you aren't on at the moment..but i'm going to be busy all next week. *drumroll* i'm opening my own bakery!!!!  i'm moving back to kansas city and opening a bakery in a small town outside of it.  i'll be 15 minutes from my parents house! you can read more about it here: https://www.gofundme.com/help-sugar-whipped-bakery or if you follow my business on facebook - facebook.com/sugarwhippednyc
@gm, aww shucks, i probably missed you! sorry to hear about the tummy troubles, hope you're feeling better soon!
@bakhan: not entirely. actually had to come in to work, but definitely leaving soon as this training is done(for the first time in probably 4 years i almost threw up this morning).
it seems i'm all by myself... all by myseeeeeeelf, all byyyyyyyyyy myyy selffff....
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
@gm, yeah, its more like 22-23 there right now, but yeah.
well, that's not too much warmer than what we have right now(14 downtown)
@gm, summer like (for us), daytime highs in the mid 70's
@bakhan: that's a good point...what's the weather like in her area now?
where the heck is geist?  she hasn't popped in for 8 days now! i hope everything is alright!
*grumble, grumble, whine and groan,* *complain, complain, bitch and moan!*
@gm, alright, i don't argue with that, but its good to know you are aware of your value!
@bakhan: oh, i know i deserve better. the economy doesn't agree with that right now though.
@gm, it just sounds like a very frustrating place to work.  a job is a job, but it shouldn't be a nightmare like that all the time.  it almost sounds like they are trying to find your breaking point to me.  i'm not sure why, but they give you little support, don't let you enforce standards or create new practices, and yet, blame you when things go awry.  seems like a lose lose scenario to me.  one day, you will realize that you deserve better, and then find it!
the fun part is when you get in in the morning, and looking through the approval emails from the night before you notice three things: 1. a terminal manager, who you sent the payroll to for approval apparently isn't the one who should receive it - no idea if they are even still with the company 2. another salaried employee may, or may not, have left the company a "couple of weeks" - no paperwork to speak of 3. two other employees are being coded to the wrong divisions because, again, no paperwork if my manager doesn't realize i can't take on the canadian side while dealing with all this crap, ten there is no hope for this company.
@gm,  i feel for you.  that job of yours doesn't really sound ideal tbh.  i hope that the day off helps you!
i may end up taking friday after all....as a mental health day.
@zem, no skiing for me, haven't been able to since i was 11, due to a childhood illness.  i'll be checking out the shops, rocking the hot tub, eating some good eats, and maybe even getting some miniature painting in! my wife has a medical update training thing there next weekend so, i tag along to enjoy banff while she learns! ;)
"hey, spring break? awesome! no better place to spend it than the top of a snowy mountain!" i do love skiing though. only that, living in one of the flattest areas in the universe, it's like an 8 or 9 hour drive to the rockies. :)
@zem, lol, well i'm heading to banff on thrusday, and coming home on sunday next week, so not disney, but still, not too shabby.  disney will have to wait till may. its been over two years now, so much new stuff to see there! the day we get back to disney is the opening day for their new avatar expansion in the animal kingdom, pandora!  it looks so awesome, i can't wait!  also, its going to be their spring festival, so lots of cool topiaries and a butterfly garden! so excited!
morning kittens!
bakhan, that's awesome! have way too much fun with that! heck, go to didney worl or something! as for everyone else, keep fighting it. eventually, you'll teach your life who's boss and it'll slack off and give you a break! unfortunately, most people only reach that retirement in their late 60s.... ;)
...nevermind, i can't stupid retraining on stuff that i honestly don't have the mental ability to actually retain at the moment with everything else that is being shoved onto me.
i might see about taking friday off.
man, i need it! i'm starting to get a little squirrely!  i'm hoping to actually get my z:bp finished off, i've only got 11 left to go!
not this guy!
so guess who has two thumbs up and next week off? ;p
morning kittens.
@lz, sorry to hear about your work struggles.  probably the last thing you want to deal with when your energy is low! hope it straightens out sooner rather than later bro!
morning kittens!
basically, it's been one of those "if anything can go wrong, it will!" kind of days. what with the qc issues on one analyzer, the suction errors on another, and two others not transmitting results properly, all while i'm trying to review last month's qc! i just need today to be over.
@gm, i suppose it is. it's just that my employees have usually gotten along pretty well, but now there are two who are feuding. then there's the issue of trying to get a service agreement signed on one of our analyzers that keeps giving us trouble...
@lz: isn't that the meaning of work though?
oh yeah, it's monday. the weekend went fast and i have more weekend after that now. though i kind of needed it, to be honest. like alot. the week ended last week with 2 exams and a 4 page paper in under 18 hours. either way, good afternoon to everyone. i haven't even touched my computer and checked anything since friday afternoon!
it goes well. work on the other hand, is making me hate people
morning lz. how goes the good fight?
g'morning.
morning kittens.
morning kittens!
really? considering the holiday, i'd think the weekend would start first and foremost with the consumption of gratuitous amounts of ethanol.  though then again, the angle-stick rubber smacking sportgame viewing is oft associated with the gratuitous consumption of ethanol. though comiccon sounds awesome! have way too much fun there, fun for all of us!
and then, tomorrow will take me to salt lake comic con fanx
the weekend starts with watching the sportsers run around on the ice with their knife shoes, smacking the rubber with their angle sticks!
ah, finally. that paper was much nicer to write than i thought it'd be. much, much nicer than the last one. it's a sort of 3-4 page response to a movie using concepts from the class... last time it wasn't a fun time. and somehow i got a good grade. good sign for this paper, i guess. either way, i'm done now. freedom! time to mosey my things together and meander on home, just in time for our corned beef and cabbage supper. well, in my own time, of course. just nice to have everything done for once.
well, it did say something about zeus virus(not googling it because that's sometimes a good way of accidentally downloading it) you as well bakhan. hopefully i can get out of here shortly.
hope all you kittens have a good weekend!
@gm, sure sounds like a virus to me... or whatever.  i'm not as savy as i once was.... ;)
well, that was interesting. got a popup after clicking on a news story on msn news, that said i needed to call a number for "support" help. went and got it instead. nothing wrong with my computer, but they don't know what it was about either.
did okay on that exam, but the funny thing is i just need above a 50%. in this class, up to 2 exams (with at least 50%) can be overwritten by your final exam grade if that's better than them. that's super lenient! it's calc 3, but hey, it's something.
@gm, nice one, the socks i mean! ;)
lol! i'm totally bucking that trend.  i'm wearing a black hoodie, blue jeans, black sneakers, and a black hat with a maple leaf on it.  no green what-so-ever! ;p
unless i pull up my pant legs to show my socks you won't see the green i'm wearing(nightmare before christmas socks because it's friday, and they were the first ones i grabbed out).
either way, i'm wearing full green today (okay, fine, my only green socks are at home and i don't have green shoes, sue me), so i'm safe from all the crab-claw-handed people out there. this sounds like a zombie apocalypse! the only way to stay safe from their hordes and pinches is to wear green! or orange, depending on which part of ireland, of course. ;)
@zem: mine is confusing as well, the four i listed are the ones we have confirmation on, but there could be a smattering of other eastern european in me as well.
i'm half german, and what's left is almost entirely an amalgam of the british isles, and it's complex whether you want cultural or genetic because my dad was adopted, and his birth mom is polish and british, i think, but his adoptive dad is like 100% irish. hell, philson is an irish name! even so, my mom's dad is scotch-irish, which counts, so i'm probably around 1/3 irish all things considered. the rest gets complicated fast.
@bakhan: i've got irish, scottish, russian, and ukrainian heritage...so we will see what happens if anyone pinches me. ;)
i have no irish heritage, so st. patrick's day never made any sense to me.  i mean, no one celebrates st. davids day, so seriously, who is this patrick guy? all i know, is anyone pinching me today, is looking for a scottish boot in their behind... ;)
which means corned beef, cabbage, mashed potatoes, and homemade soda bread when i finally get home! i don't know why people hate some of that stuff, it's one of my favorite meals ever! even if corned beef isn't irish at all, but jewish-american!
which means, it's the perfect day for some flogging molly
morning kittens. not only is it (finally) friday, it's also st. patrick's day.
@zem, good luck with your exam today! and, have fun skiing after!
it's friday aaaaand...... exam and 4 page paper due today! *ahem* i meant the day before spring break. pay no mind to the troubles behind the curtain.
morning kittens! its friday and i jdgaf! ;p
@zem, surely she could have!
nebraska's the same way with weather. heck, it fooled the weathermen by 30 degrees yesterday! ` bakhan, i actually brought that conundrum here specifically because i knew you could find it instantly. ;) if cha! still checked in here, i'm sure she could've helped as well.
@bakhan: yup, definitely the quirkiest part of calgary.
@gm, lol, now it's back above freezing and all the new stuff is almost gone! don't like the weather? give it five minutes... smh.
@zem, anytime on the music front my man!  i crush those name that tune games!
sorry, meant to do the  ` thing, but accidentally hit tab and enter. on the weather, at least the forecast was right today, it'll be just under 70. it's not like yesterday, when it was actually 30 degrees colder than the forecast!
thank you bakhan! i knew you wouldn't let me down! that'd been bugging me forever!
@bakhan: well, since i went into a meeting and just got out, it's stopped snowing. that's a bonus.
@gm, now its "really" snowing! huge chunks of snow falling here! i just want to be done with all of this!  how can i wait till may to get out of here! ahhhh!
@lz, not this town... ;) good to hear you feel well enough to ride your bike though!
...and then there's me, riding my motorcycle around town...
it was cool when i left home, chilly when i got on the train, and snow flakes were hitting my face when i got off the train. that was a total of 45min.
@gm, it was so nice on the drive in this morning, then i just looked outside and saw that evil white stuff falling from the sky again! well, at least i didn't cave and get a carwash yesterday... damn country... grrrr!
@bakhan: yup...the weather is made up, and the forecast doesn't matter. it's snowing again.
morning kittens.
@zem, if its what i think you're talking about, i believe the song is called "in the summer time", by mungo jerry. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
morning kittens!
okay, i've struck out, so i'm coming here for help because i'm sure someone here'll be able to identify this for me. don't mind the video itself, i've linked directly to the spot needed, and it's only a couple seconds. what song do they use here for this "credits" sequence? it's annoying the hell out of me that i can't identify it, and haven't been able to for a couple days now! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
what?! knight rider is a classic! yeah, pretty bad, though, but the a-team?! that's a great show! i love it! i mean, sure, it's not that great of quality, but it's a great show. reminds me of the old hulk series as well. pretty good show sometimes, but that's definitely one that proves your point.
@zem, lol, ok.... i was more trying to say, that because of your age, you wouldn't know about most of the b run tv shows from when i was a kid.  if it didn't get a cult following, you most likely wouldn't have heard of it, and thats not a bad thing.  so many terrible shows from the 80's that no one should ever have to sit through! ;) airwolf, blue thunder, knight rider, the a team, etc., etc. just to name a few... ;)
@zem: you should come to calgary, where the weather is made up and the forecast doesn't matter.
pssh, you act like i don't know any older shows. i just happen to not be much of a trekkie and haven't seen quantum leap, though now that i think of it, i have seen his name before and thought it sounded really funny. and i did jump to the dracula thought then as well! i just haven't heard that name very much.
oh, i'm sorry, mr. weather forecast, did you have second thoughts? it literally dropped the high by 30 degrees. it said even just this morning a high of 76 degrees, and now it says 47. nice going, forecast. way to save face. nobody'll ever suspect. seriously, i can understand being off the mark, even by like 10 degrees, but 30?! how?!
@zem, probably because you're so damn young! ;p when i was a younger man, quantum leap was a pretty big show, and he was the star.  he's done as bunch of other stuff including star trek, but i'll always remember him from ql. ;)
i think it sounds like dracula. that's what i'd think of every time i heard his name, if i ever did. don't think i have, though.
like, it occurred to me a few years ago. now, every time i hear the name, i have a little, juvenile, inward chuckle. like "hehe! scott penis bones!"
have you ever noticed that if you change the k in scott bakula's name to a c, then his last name becomes plural for "baculum?"
morning kittens.
yes, that. morning.  can we petition the earth to stop having mornings and skip straight to afternoon or early evening? particularly like a friday or saturday evening? i think we could get plenty of signatures for earth to have to listen to us. perpetual weekend evenings!
morning kittens.
ah, finally had pie on pi day! it took like 5 years for it to finally happen, but it did!
@geist: ours does too, and these files are within the size limitations, unfortunately, we have also been having trouble with skype, and outlook, all day, so things like this are bound to happen(it's on microsofts end of things)
@gm: our outlook lets us know when we've reached the limit of the file size. some of the pdf files that i have to send to the treasurer are pretty big.
nevermind, we did get snow! like... none, but hey, at least this time it won't melt and instantly refreeze to the streets making everything one big sheet of ice!  ... for the first time this winter...
and outlook crashes every time you try to attach one of them to an email...good thing the person i'm sending them to has access to that folder.
nothing like trying to email a 29,500kb file...and having four of them you need to send...and unable to send more than one per email;.
haha, geist, that's like exactly what i said would happen! weather people always estimate way too little or too much. though now i bet it's funny to laugh at all the people who rushed the grocery stores all for nothing. ;)
@lz: sending good vibes your way. i know you will beat this.
after all that talk of snow, my area only got a few inches of heavy wet crap. not enough to shut the city down, just enough to make commuting miserable. mother nature can bite me.
@lz, i had no doubt as to who the boss was!  stay strong man, i know its got to be hard, but you're stronger than any drug or cancer!
on the other hand, i will say that this time transition (to dst) has not affected me one bit. i guess that happens when your medicine causes you to sleep 16 hours per day on the weekend because you work through the misery of the medicine for 40 hours during the week.
zem, yes, so much worse. when i was doing the treatments before, i was taking 170 mg of temodar per day. now, it's 450 mg of temodar per day. i just finished one 5-day round. i get to wait 23 (now 22, ugh!) days and start again. four more times, and i'm done, though! we'll show this cancer who's boss! ...it's me, by the way...
@zem, you just keep being you buddy! don't worry about any old thing at all! just focus on getting those finals put to bed, and you're golden! congrats on getting that first beast down!
@lz, its good to hear from you brother!  lets hope that this one is the last you'll need!  show this cancer who's boss! parry, riposte, lunge! you got this!
morning kittens!
holy crap! i just calculated it, and approximately 7.4% of all the comments here have been me! nearly seven and a half percent all from my often inane daily ramblings! dear god, i think you guys have heard enough from me for a lifetime! ;) yeah, good thing tomorrow is the day i sleep in till noon, and won't check in here until about 2pm my time. give you guys a short reprieve!
then again, on the other end of the spectrum, i guess everyone here heard a bit too much from me today. sorry, i couldn't really help it, but you all know what it's like. come to think of it, yeah, we've all had a particularly bad time and needed to yell it all out somewhere it won't make a sound with understanding ears to nod silently in sympathy. just makes me think of how much has gone on since we all started chatting here. seems so long ago now! nearly 110,000 comments!
lz! how've... oh, yeah, that answers that, doesn't it. it's really that much worse than the treatments you were already going through? man, that sucks. remember, you can always come vent here to us if you need to (as i obviously remembered today;), we just love to hear from everyone!
hey, guys! sorry i haven't been here for a really long time. this chemo business is the worst thing i've ever been through. i'll try to check in during the day. just thought i'd let you all know that i'm still alive.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh my god... sorry, i didn't feel comfortable letting that out somewhere else. that was more of a primal shout of relief, like in a cartoon when a character pops their back and it hurts but then feels much better.  it's finally over. well, that at least. though, "that" is a 3-hour organic chemistry exam, hardest of the year, so that's definitely something to be glad to bury. i was focusing on that for 6 hours straight, so it's nice to be done and have a life back. it went surprisingly well! i should probably get at least a 50%! ;)  (that's a legitimate goal in this class, by the way) ` that whole "that" thing is because i still have an essay and an exam this week. but at least this monster's out of the way. also, i drank half a pot of coffee and didn't pee for 4 hours, so if you'll excuse me... not to mention because of that i didn't get to eat, and now it's almost 9:30...
here's wishing you a st. patty's in july, bakhan. meaning july like weather there. haha, i'll never know why you of all people keep living in one of the colder regions on earth.
@gm, lol, thats actually what i'm thinking too... :(
@bakhan: end of the snow...for the week.
@gm, welp, daytime highs are all supposed to be above freeezing for the next two weeks (yeah i know, i know) so here's hoping we're at the end (yeah right) of the snow! \(^^)/
@bakhan: i won't miss the ice when it is finally all gone. five more days of this weather and most of it will be melted.
yeah, see, for you it makes sense. you live in canada, and the second you cross the border, you're handed a maple leaf, a jug of maple syrup, and snow. but way down south here... heehee, i just wanted to say that. i don't often get to think of myself as down south from somewhere. but like in the northeast, with geist and creeper, i'd gladly take the snow off their hands, but nature is just like, "haha, that defeats the purpose; snow is for making people hate their lives, silly!" and with this storm, it's hitting like all of america but here. dang it, bakhan, when i asked you to send me some of your snow, you must have terrible aim! ;) ` actually, better plan! i'm going skiing next week, so send even more snow to the rockies!
@zem, we're getting a chinook right now so temperatures are finally on their way up! i for one, will not miss the snow one bit, not one bit i say! ;)
it's not fair, why does everyone else get snow now but us? i think i cursed this place. or blessed it, depending on your preferences; nature, in her sick irony, is giving everyone a ton of snow but the place with the one person who'd appreciate it! ;) ` hoo boy. today is what is very possibly the most difficult exam of the semester, even moreso than most of my finals. on a monday. better than the one i have this friday, though. friday. evening. before spring break. that professor is a jerk, he put it then on purpose.
morning kittens.
@zem, it wasn't hard to tell... ;) but its all good, glad you can see the light!  good luck with this week, and god speed on your skiing spring break!
so after 5 weeks of nonstop serious stress, apparently it even catches up with me at some point. just one more week before spring break! with skiing! funny how in spring, we start the semester, immediately have a 3 day weekend, and then no break for over 10 weeks straight. that'd be fine with me if it didn't lead to the kind of crap i've been putting up with recently.
@geist, yes there is a universal in cali, its about half the size of the one in florida, but they've got the harry potter stuff so, its all good!  there will be at least three halloween partys in cali, disney, universal and knottsberry farm (knott's scary farm!!!).  so yeah, it will be a busy, haunted house filled trip! spooky stuff! muahahahahaha!!!
morning kittens! i had friday off last week, thank goodness as i really needed to recharge!
congrats to little leo! what a trooper. yeah people are bombarding the grocery stores in my area due to all this talk of snow. even if we get the 8 inches they are talking about, it will still melt enough by the weekend that all of the milk, eggs, bread and toilet paper people stocked up on will just go to waste.
he was born in the fall, late october!  and yes!  hes the strongst of the pack!
aaw. how old is he now? i remember he was born while it was still pretty cold out as well, last year, right? haha, remember how his mom kept leaving him because he was too weak, but now he's the best off of all of them!
i'm so so cold!  cold cold cold.  and there's a fresh batch of squirrely little kittens in the backyard!  they were born in a snow storm, so they know how to handle the cold pretty well.  mama is taking good care of them. thanks for asking about leo!  he's doing well.  just got his yearly check up from the vet, all his shots, and tests.  he did so well!  the vet loves him because leo doesn't get upset at all when he's there. :)  i'm proud of my baby!
then again, knowing nature's rude sense of humor, i'll be the one to get none and you'll get 2 feet or something.
hey, creeper! how are things there? how's leo? ` don't worry, geist, we were supposed to get some, but got nothing, so maybe you'll have the same luck.
thanks a lot mother nature. i was so hoping to get though march with no snow only to find out that we are due to get a snow storm monday and tuesday. i don't feel like having to take my work home with me.
howdy creeper! how's the weather in nyc?
hi guys...i'm gonna try to check in during the week when more of you are around. :)
well, so much for leaving work early but now it's over. time to go home and relax.
no, i just kind of didn't say anything as i don't think they realize how much it does to actually break me...but when i do break, it won't be pretty...but i should have said that.
really, gm? well, that sucks, but at least now you know there's a reason your life sucks so much, and that it could possibly get better! did you immediately say, "oh, too much was a long time ago!" or something?
also, i get to leave early today(yay!), though i need to take the work laptop home(in case for some reason we can't get into the office and still need to get stuff done - last time something like that was in 2013 with the floods) since i have the new desktop.
i may have figured out why my manager is trying to break me....in our weekly meeting she told me to let her know when things get to be too much and she will petition the higher ups for approval to high another set of hands in payroll.
morning kittens.
ooh, california disney and universal? is that 3 cello cases idea from the cruise conversation still a good one?
@bakhan: did you know that there is a california universal studios? if you guys are going to the disney in california next year, how about we swing by there for a day's visit?
morning kittens. friday is finally here. i got here early, i'm leaving early. i think this calls for a movie weekend after what i've been through. i hear good things about the new wolverine movie so i might catch that. or i might just curl up in bed the whole weekend and read. i'm currently in the middle of "the 5th season". it was one of the novels recommended on a program on npr about dystopian fiction books. after this one, i might read "1984" again. these types of books seem to be in vogue now that trump is in power.
but hey, at least adobe will run faster now for you than nitro used to. ;) and you still had that problem? well, good to know it's fixed now! you can more easily avoid work and talk to us!
oh, and the new machine also fixed my scrolling issue on ks.
well, this machine is definitely faster. biggest issue: they want me to use a program that i find is crap, and not worth it(adobe) over the one i know works, how it works, where everything in it is(nitro pro). they are giving me 3 days to get used to adobe, and then removing nitro. hooray for people that don't understand that i's about the user, not the program(since they are essentially the same, but i can do more with nitro than with adobe).
new computer for me at work....now for the fun part of getting everything set up so that i can actually work(add all three other emails i have access to, get them to sync, reorganize my desktop, ensure everything is how it should be....guess i'm not getting anymore work done today)
on the day i decide to sleep in a little, i can't. i think the past 4 weeks are getting to me. good thing i don't really have anything going on except classes from now through sunday, maybe i can finally relax, but then again, that's what i said about this week...
morning kittens.
@geist, never fails! hopefully, it works out for you, and the weekend is in sight! you can do it!
morning kittens.
morning kittens. wouldn't you know it? on the day that i decided to sleep in a little, my boss calls to tell me that she forgot her passkey and wants to know when i will be in. *sigh* this week is really trying to %$*# with me.
just take vacation when your manager is on vacation. ;) ` not all managers are bad, and when implemented correctly, they really help the process. my dad, for instance, is a born leader and supervisor, and he's in charge of projects for his company in basically every airport in the eastern half of the us. the problem arises when people are promoted to managerial positions for the wrong reasons. companies, for whatever reason, think, "oh, you're good at this job, you must be just as good at supervising it!", and sometimes don't even care if they're good at it in the first place. i can assure you, i might be great at some jobs, but i would always suck as a manager regardless. they're different positions entirely, and they promote people to them who have no clue what managing even is, so they abuse it, usually unwittingly.
all of which proves of course that managers are pretty much superfalous, who needs em!? ;)  when our managers are away, things just go smoother... i honestly don't think that most managers really know what they should be doing, especially in the face of your guys' stories below.
@gm: then that is a poorly run office. what would they do if you got really sick and had to stay out on short term disability? just let folks keep working and not get paid? heck, they might hand you the paperwork while you are on the operating table. >.>
@geist: it's funny how that works. employees can't take vacation because "the work will pile up, and no one can cover you", yet managers can take whatever vacations they want(mine is planning a month long visit to australia...and i can't even get time off enough to recharge, and if i don't use my vacation days they disappear at the end of the year, no carryforward).
@bakhan: then my supervisor's husband and family all need medals because she has worked 15 hour days and weekends when i first started here. i don't ever want to put my job in front of my life which is the main reason why i'm trying to get out of office work. and you can best bet my manager makes damn sure he goes on vacation when he wishes.
@bakhan: the worst part of it was that there were three of us in the payroll department at that time, and the person who shared an office with me knew exactly what needed to be done to process the payroll on that day. my manager could have taken over the cdn payroll that day while the other guy took care of the us, but nope, it was my job, so my fault(she even said that she has never in her career missed a payroll processing day...like that is supposed to mean anything)
@geist, simple answer.  they can't!  its that draconian, soul sucking, masocistic type of atmosphere that most quickly takes people out, sometimes literally.  people absolutely need down time, its not optional.  either you relax by your own free will, or your body will make you, one way or the other.  i work to live, not the other way around, and i'll never mix those priorities up.  a person can always find another job, but you can't always find another life...
@bakhan: i can't understand why companies seem uninterested in helping their employees maintain a proper balance between work/personal life. my manager told a new recruit that if he saw nothing but 8's on his time card, he was going to be upset? why? my manager would think that you "just don't give a s*%t" and therefore would have no reason to give you a raise. my supervisor has over 300 hours of vacation time that she wasn't able to use for the last two years and my manager still won't let her take them. how in the world can staff be at their best if they can't chill for a few days/weeks?
@gm, i couldn't handle that.  the way i've always looked at it, is i know what i'm bringing to the company, and i know that you're going to have a hell of a time trying to get better than me, so when i look at my employers, i'm interviewing them.  what are they bringing to the table, how are they to work for, what benefits do they offer, is it worth it to me?  if my manager tried to give me a hard time about being sick, i'd quit and become their biggest competition!  i'm loyal to a fault, i've been working here for 17 years, but when i'm angered i will get satisfaction! ;)
morning kittens. @bakhan: i need to find me a company that is like that. i took a sick day(couldn't even get out away from throwing up long enough to do anything other than try and sleep) on a monday, that just so happened to be a payroll processing day, and my boss chewed me out for it when i came in, still feeling like death had his cold hand on my shoulder, the next day.
more than you know? i think i at least somewhat understand, geist, that's how my past 3 full weeks went. i could still use a day off, actually, but then again that'd always be nice.
@geist, to me that actually sounds scary.  the nice thing about my work is that they are pretty reasonable about sick days.  we get 6 paid sick days a year.  you have to work two months then you are allowed a sick day, but they will work with you.  abusers get penalized.  this has helped me out in past for sure.  the more stressful your work environment is the more likely you are to be ill... it just doesn't make sense that they would want to put you under that kind of stress. i hope that it gets better for you!
morning kittens.
morning kittens. i needed that day off more than you know. in fact, i wanted to call out sick today but i have a rule of never using a sick day until after i have been at a company for a year.
@gm: you are correct. my contact makes me a salaried employee. just one of the ways they really make you work for that paycheck. in fact, more companies are hiring people salaried so that they don't have to pay anyone overtime money. one of the reasons why i want to leave the accounting profession.
morning kittens. @geist: only way that that is legal(as far as i understand it) is if you are salary, and overtime exempt. if that wasn't in your offer letter, and you didn't sign it, then pretty sure they can't do that.
@geist, congrats on the extra sleep! i wish... so sleepy... ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens. i have the day off today and the timing couldn't have been better. i was at work for 13 hours yesterday and only 8 of those i will get paid for. i enjoyed the extra hours of sleep i got in, let me tell you.
weiner. maybe it runs in the family, so they just named the family that as a warning?
@geist, lol! yeah, unintentional... definitely unintentional... ;) ;p
how did no one see that coming! and unintended pun, i'm sure. ;-) i felt so sorry for his poor wife. the last straw was when he took a crotch shot with his child asleep beside him. dude! how stupid can you be?
@giest, lol! the funniest thing about that whole situation (to me at least) was the guys name.  weiner... sending dick pics... how did no one see that coming! ;)
anyho! i also watched the documentary "weiner". now there is a guy who threw away the chance to be mayor of ny all for shady pics of his lower half. now, i know that each relationship is different and not at all cut and dry like the religious folks would have us believe but why in the world would this guy risk his marriage and career over something like this? no matter how much it gets you off, if your so wouldn't be happy about it, why do it?
*looks at pile of wood and thinks about throwing a match on it* *changes mind*
i see what you mean now. the context was probably there, just not direct and i'm really tired. though isn't literally every major religion founded on peace, love, and acceptance? even and probably especially islam; muslims (the vast majority that are non-extremist, obviously) are some of the most peaceful and kind people i've met, and are by far the best hosts to their friends, coming from a person in the midwest! ;) but yeah, now i see what you mean, the people who bastardize things to fit their beliefs, which as i said, are in every group unfortunately. everyone's a bit hypocritical, but it doesn't require justification. ` ` also, google weather, what's wrong with you? if that's not rain, then what animal is peeing on my window to mess with me? oh wait, no, now they changed it to 15%. okay. suuuure... ;)
@zem, the context was there, i just think you may have missed it.  i was refering to a part of my family that i strongly classify as sunday christians, that use their religion to support their bs attitudes towards people, and don't acknowledge their own hypocracy.  a religion that is supposed to be based on love, acceptance, and forgiveness, should not be preverted into something used to justify hate.  let vengence be mine, turn the other cheek, judge not lest ye be judged yourself, etc.  yet there they are judging people by what they've worn to church, those that don't go to church, or those that subscribe to a different belief system or lifestyle... it makes no sense.
so you believe in the basis behind religions, but not in the organized church itself, which sometimes promotes bastardization of their own beliefs? that i can understand and in very large part agree with. but in the context it was in, saying religion makes no sense without tying that to specifically organized religion comes off as saying all religion makes no sense because it's all just not true in the first place.  though i agree with that point. sunday christians is a good name for people who identify in title but not in beliefs and only quote the bible to strengthen their argument out of context like a media sound byte, snoring while the guy up front in funny robes lectures.
*looks up weather* "0% chance of precipitation" *looks outside* ... now i'm no expert, but...
@zem, heart-stopping levels of salt? maybe one of us is exagerating here?  maybe leave my comment in the context it was supposed to be read in, and not singled out in an attempt to prove some point?  if i said something that you disagree with by all means, say what you will, i won't think less of you for doing so, but i might think less of you for not.  you might also have noted where i point out that there are many good people that go to church?  i was raised going to church, i believe that there are a lot of good values that come out of it.  sadly as with anything though, there are tools there for certain individuals to interpret in such a way as to justify disdain, ridecule, and hatred.   i have personally witnessed these things, heard them, and rejected them, as they are not what i believe religion should be about.  this is why i believe in spirituality and not religion.  i believe that religion doesn't make sense, thats my personal belief.  to each their own.
since those were so long, maybe i should clarify. this isn't turning out as a friendly argument, nor if it continues will it become more reasoned and thoughtful. you know what smokey the smokin' bear always says: "only you can prevent internet flamewars."
case in point about the heart-stopping levels of salt in this conversation, bakhan, no offense, but if you're going to make spiteful, snide comments about people, try not to sound like a twitter edgelord. it doesn't help your case; the way you phrased all of that was specifically to induce argument that there's no calm and rational way to end. especially that "the reason its hard to make sense of religion is because it fundamentally makes no sense!" bit. i had to keep from saying a few things that would turn this in a way that would leaving us all, lets just say, no longer anxious for the next kitten con. even if you don't subscribe to an ideology, stuff like that is just unacceptably belittling, uneducated, and generalizing. ` which is to say to everyone that's exactly how i don't want this conversation to go, but if it continues, i can see it going that way all too easily, so for the good of the group, please nobody start throwing around general accusations and belittling stereotypes. it doesn't help anyone's cause and is just going to hurt relations in the long run.
first comment i read had a bit of salt in it. i don't know about you, but not quite nearly 90% of religious people i've met are like that, gm. i mean, yes, a large portion is like that, but you can't do the same thing and just pick one one group. literally every group has every kind of person, whether extremist, never thinks for themself, hypocritical, only identifies as that in name and not in beliefs, etc.  i don't know what groups of people you talk to, but 90% is a bit of a high estimate. just detecting a bit of edge putting me on mine, but we really shouldn't let this conversation keep like that. ` for one, though, why shouldn't gays be allowed in church? not as pastor, i can understand the reasoning, but i can't think of any reason why homosexuals shouldn't be allowed unless your church happens to be a certain one under the name of westboro.
@gm, the funny thing about that is that disney actually has "gay days", lol, its not "official" but it has been going on a long time. http://www.wdwinfo.com/disney-gay-days.htm  they are about being family friendly and inclusive of all types of families!
@geist: that's my understanding. she did say she wasn't homophobic, but that disney is supposed to be a family friendly place/company.
@gm: so gay people are welcome in her church just so she can tell them they are going to hell? there are much better ways i can think of to spend my sunday.
@gm, i always called those types of people, sunday christians... one day a week they follow thier religion, the rest of the time, they're completely oblivious... yep, they're the best!
@bakhan: i don't like 90% of the people who are religious because most of the time they pick and choose which parts of the bible they follow(ended quite a few "friendships" because they would say to do one thing, then ignore other parts)
@gm, that sounds overly familiar to me.  my mom's side of the family is the same way, all preachy and stuff, and using religion as an excuse to hate.  the reason its hard to make sense of religion is because it fundamentally makes no sense!  of course she would welcome gays into her church, so that the power of god can "heal" them of their "sinful ways".  smh.  don't get me wrong, there are lots of good people that go to church, but theres also lots of hypocrites as well.  just remember that my made up super powerful deity is more powerful, forgiving, and real than yours... >.>
morning kittens. @bakhan: definitely, i know some gay people that are much more tolerant and welcoming than some that practice a religion. i found it funny though. my aunt, who is a pastor, put on facebook to boycott disney until they change their "sinful" ways. my uncle(her brother-in-law, and my dad's brother) said he would rather support the canadian constitution over a homophobic pastor, to which she replied gay people are welcome in her church. to me, that is contradictory.
@geist, i do want to see that one, but have been avoiding it to be honest.  i still miss freddy so much, i know for me that movie would just be a big cry fest.  i see the commercials and i get teary so... maybe some day.
rented and watched the movie "secret life of pets". very very funny.
jamie, wow, yeah, the game came out 2 years ago! but they should certainly still honor the pledge if you email support and explain everything like bakhan said.
@gm, @geist, well i think its been well past time.  i also think its a shame that fear will cause many people not to see the movie.  as far as it being insulting to gay people, i would hardly think so.  my gay friends are some of the funnest, and funniest people you will ever meet!  seriously a laugh riot.  i think it actually makes sense that, that particular character would have a gay vibe, who else would want to hang out with that jerk, if you didn't have a crush on him?
@jamie, wowza! well i'm not sure that you still can, campaign has been over for quite a while now.  however, your best bet at this juncture would be to email support@explodingkittens.com.  best of luck!
morning kittens!
morning kittens
hello! i just played this at a friend's house and it made me realize i never got my own copy of the game despite backing it. who should i talk to in order to receive my copy?  thanks!
@gm: i read about that. all because the movie will have the first gay character in it. the thing is, religious people  (not all of them) are protesting the movie just for that. i read of a second protest from some in the gay community because the gay character  (lefou) will be the comedic side kick. either way it's a bold move by disney.
so...apparently lots of people are boycotting the live action version of beauty and the beast because of one character, and it's not belle(emma watson). people are even calling for the boycott of disney altogether because of it.
party at zem's parents house, everyone's invited! ;)
i'm going home for the weekend to house-sit the cats. my parents are in switzerland seeing my brother and old exchange student who just had a baby, so we're taking care of their new cats, and i thought i might as well just stay the weekend there. it's super nice, great tv and amazing sound system, everything you need... ` so... what i'm saying is party at my place this weekend. it's gonna be crazy, me and 2 cats!
as for being excited about the weekend...yes and no. yes, because no work for two days. no because lots of other stuff to do that i've put off for too long. >.<
whoops! i meant to say the weekend is near. *sigh* i blame a late night and a lack of sleep.
@geist: it's not the weekend just yet.
morning gm. it's the weekend. are you excited?
nothing like a few rounds of drinks with co-workers to make you forget how much you want to throttle them during business hours.
morning kittens.
friday!  *crawls toward the finish line* these last few weeks have been a bit heavy. i could really use a nice weekend.
morning kittens!
morning kittens! happy friday!
@geist, its a lot more than just a hotel, but you're right, it doesn't need to be fancy.  they do have a lot of studio rooms, that are just like a hotel room, couple of beds and a bathroom kinda thing.  you can also use your points on an exchange and get into other timeshares as well, its pretty amazing how flexable it is.  the main reason we normally get a suite is because it comes with in room laundry, which is nice as you don't need to pack as much that way, just do some laundry every few days, good to go! ;)  as i said before, i don't want to arrange a full blown kitten con anywhere except my house, just too much work.  but, i will gladly help with it!
@bakhan: i'd have to see where all of the other resorts are. i'm not really one to splurge on a hotel room since i don't plan on being in it except to sleep. maybe for a 50th birthday and such but for regular travels, i sleep modest. and i volunteer to find a hotel room so that other kc members can crash at your place. i know of a few in florida that will be just fine.
i got a better idea, bakhan. how about everyone give me $40k?  i mean, you're probably not going to see much back from it, but you get the nice warm, fuzzy feeling of helping someone out, right? ;)
@zem, lol! but that would mean saving up for a couple of years, and not using those points ourselves! i could handle putting a couple of people up, but the corps! yikes! that and given all the various personality types, people would probably need some more space... ;)  if we got the same two bedroom set up as last time, when we took our friend with us, it can host upto two in the master, three in the living room with two people sharing the hidabed, and four people in the second bedroom two per bed.  so a max of 9 there, but, who wants to share a bed? so more practically it would be six, that for two weeks maxes out our points.  to get one of those huge ones would be double our points for only one week, but it would be a hella cool condo!  they call them the tree houses, and they overlook the "savannah" from about 20' up, where you get to see the african animals walking around, giraffes, zebras, weird cow things, its pretty sweet actually.  hey, i got an idea, why not give me $40k, and i'll buy up those extra points! then it would be no issues at all! ;)
man, why are we all worrying about where to have the next kitten con when you answered it right there, bakhan! just save up for a few years and we could all fit in a suite you could get for free! ;)
@geist, yep, the only way to get to castaway kay is to go on a disney cruise, which i totally recommend btw! ;)  the dvc cost somewhere around 18k to get in, and that gets you around 100 points, which gets you around a week of stay per year, for 50 years, at any of the disney properties.  some are more than others.  my wife and i bought into two different properties so we have two weeks a year. its pretty awesome!  you can bank your points for a year, and borrow from the next year too if you want to have an epic stay once every three years, as an option as well.  they have everything from studio rooms, like a hotel, single bedroom apartments, full living room, dining room, kitchen, etc., and then bigger ones double, room, up to four bedrooms for some of the biggest ones.  obviously the bigger they are the more points they cost, the better the view, etc.  still lots of nice ones at the lowest points levels too.
morning kittens.
@bakhan: then i will have to put castaway kay on my bucket list. sounds like a place i can relax. does it cost that much to join the dvc? i remember the hotel trying to get customers to buy into the last time i was in florida but i never looked into the details.
@geist, yeah, its called castaway kay, it has the most beautiful white sand beaches!  the water is so clear you can see the sand below, and the starfishes and sand dollars.  schools of small fish.  they have these beach chairs you can take right into the water, and the waiters will come out into the ocean with your drinks! probably the nicest beach i've ever been on, and i've seen a few! ;)  also, i thought that club 33 was based in disneyland, not walt disney world? thats a bit rich for my blood at $25k annual dues... yikes! i love disney, but for that money you could easily buy into the dvc (disney vacation club) and stay once a year for a week for free in any disney resort (over 500 around the world).
morning kittens.
disney has a private island? i never knew. i know they have a private bar/restaurant in florida that you need a membership for.
@geist, i wish! no, we have gone on two cruises though.  one was at the end of a 18 day bus tour through turkey, we did a 5 day cruise through the greek isles, that was awesome, but i was so tired! then on our honeymoon we went on a disney cruise through the bahammas, that was a lot of fun, even went to disney's private island!  i do love a good cruise!
jeez, if i had that kind of money... well, yeah, i'd probably spend it on cruises or the like as well. ;)
@bakhan: since your wife loves the ocean, do you guys go on a cruise each year? i have a friend whose family goes on one at least twice a year.
my favorite thing is hiking and backpacking in mountains, it's the absolute best! the rockies are perfect for it! that or in utah and western colorado, there're some great places there. my favorite place on earth is most likely mee canyon, co, just 15 miles or so from the utah border.
when my wife was a kid her family would vacation for the summer in oregon, so in a way she grew up with the ocean, and she misses it like crazy.  seriously crazy... ;)  for me, i can take it or leave it.  i mean its huge and awesome and stuff, but i live in the foothills of the rocky mountains, the huge and awesome and stuff too! ;)  i love being out in nature, where ever it may be!
boy, from how i've lived my entire life literally at least 1,000 miles from the nearest ocean, you'd think i was afraid of it or something! or had a restraining order. the ocean has never really played a large part in my life. just go look at google satellite images of the midwest and you'll understand why. ;)
just in case you were curious https://www.atlanticcitynj.com/
i haven't been to the ocean in a loooong time. i might have to put that on my bucket list. luckly, there is a bus that can take me to atlantic city where i can walk in the beach and visit their boardwalk which has shops, restaurants and slots.
morning kittens.
@zem, that challange there, for me at least is my wife.  she loves the ocean, and pretty much all our trips have an ocean element to them (which is fine by me) and disney of course... depends though, i might be able to convince her, you never know!
worlds of fun also does halloween, and i've heard it's pretty good as well. plus, closer to me, but i'm not much for horror stuff.
@zem, it'll happen bro! don't worry!  we'll figure out a way, all us kittens got to get together so we can use our shared brain cell! ;)
@geist, thats great, i'd love to hang in cali with you!  we would have so much silly fun, your smiley face will be so sore! ;)  so much to see and do! i think that there are at least three different theme park halloween event going.  disney (of course!), universal, and knottsberry farms (knotts scary farm!).  oh the fun we will have, oh and laughing at my wife's terror, of course! ;) muahahahahaha!
morning kittens!
morning kittens
a gofundme? that might be the only way i can 100% for sure make it to any of these. though i tried so hard to make it to canada! i was right there! and then at the last second before it became actually hard to change plans, my brother found out he couldn't go with me and, well, lz found out why he couldn't go at that same exact time, so unless i also wanted to drive 2 days straight alone each way, i couldn't. so close, though!
@bakhan: california sounds nice. i should have my car by then. count me in! and we should totally do a cruise kitten con. maybe we can cruise to where ex-prez lives.
@geist, i don't know when tbh, i know that next year we are planning on doing it in california and we're bringing our friend mike (if he's healthy enough to travel anyways).  and if you wanted to come along, that would be just fine with me! the more the merrier!  now trying to round up the rest of the kittens for a trip like that, would be more than i can handle! i will offer to help though!
@bakhan: a halloween kitten con in florida for sure! just let me know and i'll start packing!
maybe we should start a go fund me page? ;)
Üw, disney? i mean, i'd really, really, really love to, but there's no way i'd have that kind of money. how about nebraska? there's plenty to do there, right? i think that sounds great! the next one should be there! loads of activities to do in nebraska! like... um............. ;)
@geist, there will always be disney! ;) seriously, next time we're heading down for the halloween celebrations, you have to come!
hmmm... love licorice, hate scotch... what can a guy do? ;)
don't like the taste of scotch either
licorice, just like scotch, is an acquired taste.
licorice=gross
nothing quite like the clean, crisp, snap of a licorice cigar.
@bakhan: awwww. i was hoping the kc would all go with you guys to disney.
gm, i can hear the crew now. "wow, why is this person hauling 3 cellos on board? and why are they so unevenly weighted? did that one just go "ow"?!"
@gm, we should totally plan a kitten cruise! that'd be a great get together!
@bakhan: that should be fun. don't pay attention if your luggage suddenly has another case...that is big enough to fit someone who is 6'4". >.>
so we finally have plans for our next vacation! starting may 20th we're headed off to florida! we're spending a day at disney, then getting on a cruise (not disney, too expen$ive) for a week, stops in jamaica, st. martin, and one other place (can't remember right now), then back to disney for another six days! whoo hoo! its been so long! i can't wait!
morning kittens,
morning kittens!
morning kittens
"absolutely unreal, amazing, surreal, fantastic,........just wow." uh oh, the shock is so much for poor trinkets that he's turning into doge! such family! much happy! very wow! congratulations, though, man! that's incredible news, and i hope that over time you all just grow closer together and get to know eachother!
@trinkets: makes me wish i was adopted. my family is cray cray.
@trinkets, i totally get that, meeting my sister for the first time, felt that same way.  kinda like, where the heck have you been all my life!? ;)  again, so happy for you!
it feels so normal being with them. not nervous or anxious or anything. just really normal. like i have always known them.
thanks!!  everyone is great. they have all known about me and have been looking for me for years. this has gone better than i have ever could have hoped for. and from what everyone in the family is saying, they are all really really happy and excited.
way to go trinkets! may you get along well with your new found family!
@tinkets, that is so awesome man!  i am very happy for you!  your family just got a lot bigger! ;) i remember finding out i had an older half sister, how much awesome that was, how cool it was to get to meet her, and how it made me feel more complete getting to know her!  congrats bro, may it bring you much happiness!
@geist, well the good news is, she was able to get in this morning for the proceedure, and now she can start the healing process from this 4 month long migraine! thank god!
@geist: problem is, how am i supposed to have a nice relaxing vacation(stay-cation more likely since i am not going to have money to travel) and come back and be relaxed, if i come back to 40+ emails(that was just one day off mind you...not a whole week or anything). most of them, the response from my manager(who was "covering" for me) "owen will handle it when he gets back on monday"....yup, definitely not paid enough for this crap. hell, the one item she did do while i was off, i had to set up for her to be able to do...and she still didn't do it as it should have been(off-cycle to adjust for incorrect rate, should have been direct deposited into the guys account, wasn't). @drinkets: as long as there is no negative drama, that is awesome news.
good morning all. sorry i haven't been on recently. i have the hugest news.  i found my birth family. i have 2 sisters and one brother who are full-blooded. parents got married then divorced, but had my 3 siblings while they were married. i have met birth mother and my siblings this last week. meeting birth father today. absolutely unreal, amazing, surreal, fantastic,........just wow.
@gm: isn't that your jobs way of saying that they can't do without you?
@bakhan: i can't stand headaches. i am such a wimp even when i get mild ones. one of the drawbacks of too much drinking the night before. tell misty she has my wishes that she gets better real soon.
what is the point of having a damned day off if nothing is covered while i'm off?
@geist, lol! lots of snow and ice, not so much mbb... ;) starting to feel better, still at the tail end of this cold and pretty frustrated with it tbh.  my biggest concern is my wife right now.  she has had the worst migraines ever this year, they are quite debilatating and none of the normal migraine meds are working for her.  she even got the injectable and all it did was give her 5 hours reprieve.  :(  she thinks that she has it figured out and theres a proceedure that she's going to get to help with them.  hopefully she doesn't have to wait the full two weeks that they told her she had to wait!
snowy, icy, and brittle?
howdy bakhan! how is it in the land of snow, ice and bacon brittle?
morning kittens.
morning kittens
ooh, leo! good point, geist! tell us all about how he's doing!
giraffe cam. heard about it, haven't watched it. how is leo doing?
giraffe cam? never heard of it. ` also, hey, creeper! wow, that last sentence was entirely capitalized. how've you been? sorry the one time i didn't check for 8 full hours was the time you poked your head in.
anyone else addicted to the giraffe cam?
geist, don't worry, colder and rainy is comeing your way. well, snow here, but we only get one day of winter. you'll be getting spring weather, most likely.  oh yeah, thanks for sending some oru way, bakhan! goddamn, my spelling is atrocious when i'm tryird. holy-... tired! like really tired. is it apparent now? i'd better remedy this situration. gah! every mistake is like a knife to my eyues! aaah~ okay, that's enough. i'll never sleep if i'm theis scared for my life knowing i can actually spell this poorly when i"m this timerd. okay, maybe i'll throw up first, then go to sleep. ow. i'm going to show this comment to my grandkids some day as a cautionary tale.
also snow. did i mentino it was 77 the day be fore yesterday? now lots of snow everywhere. oh boy, snow! finally! i hope it lasts long enough this time for me to make that facewash video for bakhan! what? it's going to be well above 40 for the rest of time? it'll all be gone in a day or two? whoopee. ` aslo sleep. did i mention sleep? i need it. i haven't edited most of the mstakes i made in this comment to show hoss *(how) much i need it. i go sleef now. sleep. going. you mean what i know!
i only like snow when i'm indoors, enjoying a toddy and a book. traveling in snow is a nightmare and i don't do ice. i've fallen and gotten hurt before so i call out of work when there is a ton of ice on the ground.
@geist, we're in the midst of another snow storm, its falling pretty fast right now.  so i'd love to give you some/all of it... ;) god i hate the winter!
it's actually kinda creepy that it feels like spring in the middle of winter. @bakhan & gm: you can send some of that snow down here. not all of it, thankyouverymuch.
morning kittens! happy "i'm going to have a liquid lunch" friday!
i heartily agree zem.  its a rough one this morning for me too.  i just get over a cold, and now i have another one! this is like 5 five years worth of colds just this winter! boo!  i think i'm just too run down, taking care of everyone else first, etc.  i think i need to just cancel everything i have planned this weekend and get some sleep.  on the bright side though, i am meeting a potnential new employeer this afternoon, so maybe good things are on the horizon? fingers crossed!
way too morning for my taste. at least because i couldn't sleep for like 2 hours, then woke up for most of another hour in the night. good thing it's friday, right? or saturday for some of us.
morning kittens.
ugh. i could be hanging out with my brother and seeing grant imahara who's coming for whatever reason to my school, but no, gotta have a big, nerve-wracking exam over things i have no clue about. just this. after this is over, i'm free from anything like it for a couple weeks!
haha, yeah, enjoy your day off tomorrow, gm. go see your parents. abscond with a few dozen bottles of the good stuff. that kind of thing.
geist, from your perspective, enjoy it while it lasts. i just looked, and you got a good 3 days of this stuff before it gets much colder again. have fun having fun! ` gm it's thursday! yaa....oh. i get to have a major exam and stuff. that's just as fun, right?
@gm, congrats man! enjoy your day tomorrow!
morning kittens. it's friday! yay!
morning kittens.
morning kittens. 74 degrees today and i think i will force myself to go for a walk at lunch. it would seem like a sin to spend it entirely in the office.
heck, i think we broke the daily heat record 3 times in the past most of a week! i know most people enjoy this, but i like getting out my complaints about unchangeable local weather as well. actually, mid-70s is nice, but it just feels so hot this time of year! i've actually broken a sweat from the heat, and my room is uncomfortably warm! (which is weird considering how air never seems to come through it when i want it to)
51 and rainy, 33 and snowy, and then a full week of upper 30s to mid 50s. just one more day! it's so hot out! well, it's 75, and if it were summer, this would be almost icy weather, but for february, it may as well be 90 out!
howdy kittens. there was something i wanted to mention last week. when your justin trudeau visited our dictator, a picture was taken of him giving trump the side eye when he held out his hand. that picture was worth a thousand laughs and the memes people made up were priceless. when trudeau actually was shown shaking trump's hand, he did it in such a way that he stopped trump from jerking him around the way he has done other people. how bleeping cool is that? i wasn't in love with trudeau before but i am now. do you think he'll let me be his american wife?
morning kittens. a wild creeper sighting! someone catch her before she esca...too late.
good morning kittens.
*meow*
gm... can i come over? ` lz, good to see you, though that makes it sound not quite so good. just think, one day you'll be clean and never have to do this again! then you can tell grandchildren (other people's, just to annoy them) about that time these evil doctors rounded you up and pumped you full of hazardous chemicals designed to kill parts of you! those mad scientists...
summer-like weather? sounds about right. i've even sweat today! i was doing some very hard walking over a somewhat long distance to not be late for something, but it was warm enough already! mid-70s today and tomorrow! i personally can't wait for next week here. it'll cool down to upper-40s to mid-50s. perfect for me! that may as well be my thermoneutral zone!
@lz: i definitely hope this gets rid of it. nothing worse than the treatment making you feel like crap, especially if it isn't guaranteed to always work.
@geist: not even sure what they all want to keep for themselves(other than one of the scotches i know my dad has said he's never tried - only because my mom said he should give it to my grandma for her birthday or christmas and he said no). i'm going to be asking them what is up for grabs in it(there are a few items i may steal away from them if they are available).
hang in there lz! you'll be through this trial in no time. remember: you got the will of the kc behind you.
*blink* hang on a sec gm. you to tell me your parents won a wheel barrel full of booze? my goodness man. tell me you at least partook of the bounty! can you send me some? :-p
@lz, ah sh*t lz. stay strong brother! we've got your back!
so, chemo sucks worse the second time around, when it's at a higher dose
so...my parents ended up winning a nice haul at a kids hockey tournament. there is roughly $1,500 - $2,000 worth of alcohol(hard stuff mostly - scotch, rum, vodka, whiskey, tequila, gin, bourbon - a few things of beer, and two liqueurs), that all came in a brand new wheelbarrow. for $20 spent...that is a decent haul. and it was all to my surprise as i got home to an empty house last night, and it was all sitting out on the table.
morning kittens.
sorry to hear about your struggles geist!  you've got the right attitude though, its only work, and you can fix your mistakes, so in the end, it'll be ok.  you know what they say, if life gives you lemons, throw them back! what kind of a gift is lemons anyways! ;p
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. summer like weather predicted for wednesday and thursday. i just might have to call in "sick" this week.
wow, sorry for that, geist. hopefully now, though, things will move straight back up from there.  also, in imax? that'd be so awesome!
other than that, the weather has been so freaking wonderful. i was out in it for a bit on saturday and so didn't want to come indoors. one of the museums had a special showing of alien and aliens in imax. it's been ages since i saw it on the big screen. judging by the audience reaction, aliens is the more favored movie.
afternoon kittens. sorry for the radio silence. last week was a bad week. i managed to piss off two vice presidents and one of my team members. plus i messed up a foreign payment so i'll have to do the re-journal for all 20 invoices. i was at my lowest point until i decided, in the end, it really isn't that serious. going forward, i will make sure everything is in writing and i will not stress about it. i'm too old and they don't pay me enough.
@zem: it's a holiday here in alberta. unfortunately, i need to work it. thankfully, i get friday off instead. there likely wont be many, if any, messages coming from us here(i'll be busy running a payroll, and catching up on work stuff while it's only myself and my manager here)
wow, still nobody here. well... in case anyone hazards to drop by, ahoy.
that moment when your computer can barely run a game on the lowest settings, and 2/3 of the time it runs at 1/2 speed at best, but you don't care because it's a great game.
boo! ` sorry, it was getting a bit awkwardly quiet, so i thought i'd scare it up a little. did i get ya?
@gm, lol! no doubt, like a fine wine, but delicious! ;)
i was jealous as well, then i remembered i don't like licorice, so i had a chocolate covered coffee bean instead.
not stale, properly aged.
@gm, even stale licorice is still licorice and therefore, still a win! ;)
@bakhan: i can't remember exactly when i got them, just that it was when phil and i went to the delta hotel in kananaskis...so at least 2 years ago.
@gm, i was totally jealous for a second there, and then i remembered my secret stash of licorice mini jaw breakers! whoo hoo! licorice ftw!
oh wow...i forgot i had the licorice cigars still(last two)...might as well enjoy one while going through all this paperwork.
haha... not really. i wish. my roommate is the kind of person who never has to try and rarely gets below an a, but i'm more of the prayer and last-minute kind of student. but still, 4 exams this week, which would have been 5 if one hadn't been moved to next week with at least one other, not to mention all the other stuff i've had this week. i've been busy on top of having way too much to do.
@gm, sorry bro! at least you have something to look forward to for next week though!
morning kittens. @bakhan: i wish it was a long weekend...but that's next weekend for me.
@zem, glad that you're back from saving the universe! ;) good luck with your exams, although i highly suspect that you're one of those a+ students that kill themselves with worry that they'll only get an a... ;)
oh jeez, they moved today's high up 5 degrees since yesterday, to 74, 2 degrees above the record for today. that's comforting.  so is the fact that there's a chance of snow next friday. i'm getting the feeling nature doesn't actually know what it's doing.
grumble grumble friday grumble 2 exams, a club, and a full day otherwise, grumble grumble. was that better, bakhan? ;)
morning kittens!  thank god its friday, and its a long weekend! huzzah!
oh wow! i may also be extra sensitive to some smells just now. i can still taste some things i ate to test my smell, and just now i stuck my nose into a container of coffee and almost died because it was so overpowering!  but hey, if you've ever lost a sense temporarily, you'd understand what it's like to randomly get it back most of a full week later! glad it was only that long, though!
what the... i suddenly got my sense of smell back, completely randomly and spontaneously! due to this cold, i temporarily became anosmic whether i could breathe through my nose or not, but i had a piece of chocolate in my mouth and thought, "hmm, this suddenly tastes way more powerful. almost like dirt. it's almost overpowering... wait, i can smell again!" it's the best thing ever! i can finally taste things fully again!!!
nothing like finding out you have an exam the day before it happens. though, i mean, it should be easy.  also, the one today that should have been very difficult was virtually the same as the practice exam as it could legally be, so that was a breeze that blew a huge weight off my chest!
@zem, maybe on your side of the boarder, not so much here, yet.  its better, but its still got a long ways to go!  our dollar is still under $0.70 us, thats one sign.  anyway you guys could start using more oil than you produce again? ;)
@zem: you're thinking of the us economy. the canadian one is very slowly picking back up.
economy picks back up? i didn't know we were still in a recession. i thought it had picked up quite a good deal since the 08-09 one.
@gm, seriously, when the economy picks up again, its time to look for a new job, i can't see the one you're at now getting any better, and certainly not any more deserving of your talents!
also...pretty much everyone(even the two are done at the end of this month) that needed to know was included on the email....with the exception of, oh yeah, the one person who actually runs the payroll and needs to know when someone on salary is terminated.
woo! we're back to square one in regards to having people properly trained...new hr person in the states starting monday.
@zem, have you ever seen the last starfighter?  you're reminding me of the sim-bot that replaced the main character in the movie, you sound right, but somethings off... ;)
morning kittens.
there, is that better? i didn't realize i broke character there for a second.
wow, it's so hot. high of 67, tomorrow and sunday 69! we're going to break some heat records here this week. hurry up with that shipment of snow i ordered on the black market!
@zem, jesus! don't scare me like that.  actually, wait a sec... who are you!?! and what have you done with our zem?!
so it is.  i might even venture to say... good morning.
morning kittens.
quiet day? just one of those days?
aaw, and a game i've been waiting for from kickstarter is released in early access tonight, but i won't get to play until this weekend most likely!
can i have some time off? oh geez, today is only half done as it is!
@gm, of course not, that would dip into their well deserved bonuses... >.>
@bakhan: i agree, unfortunately, no one that can make that call would agree.
@gm, well isn't that special... rather large suck factor there i'm afraid.  time in lieu for a stat holiday should = two days, not just one, imo.
@bakhan: nope, i just get to take days in lieu of the ones i need to work. though, with the overtime i put in, i get time off in lieu of getting a little extra on my pay.
@gm, out of curiosity, do you get to take the american holidays that we don't get? i hope so! cause otherwise thats what i call total bs!
morning kittens. another fun filled day of filing...and working on monday(which is a holiday here in alberta).
morning kittens.
woo, turns out one of those exams is next week! it's the easy one, but hey, beggars can't be choosers unless they choose to. also, it brought up another exam i have next week, so... at least it's not this week?
kind of same here, it being a busy week. i tried counting through everything i have to do this week, but got scared before i couldn't keep going on just 2 hands. those being just the major things like exams and events. like 4 exams. on an already busy week. though thankfully one of them is really easy, and one is online, but still.
morning kittens.
@geist, i'm truly sorry to hear that! i was hoping that when you went to your new job things were going to work out for you!  i'm still hoping that things can turn around for you! you're a good person and you deserve a work place that apreciates and rewards you! warm fuzzies from the frozen north! ;)
@zem, oh, i can't quit you! ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens. sorry for the radio silence. work has been especially depressing. don't get me wrong. i love the location and pay but i hate what i do and the office bs. plus we are coming up on a payment run and we are getting someone new so it's been a depressing mad house.
no, don't go, bakhan! it's me, not you! i can make it work, i swear!
so i'm not good enough for you zem?  well fine! ;)
huh, where is everyone today? and i hope someone looks at the bvb slack today finally. i was hoping it'd be during the week, but i don't know if the team checks there anymore. they should see if they can do something about the knockoff, though.
as in we may even set record highs this weekend. whoopee.  i want off this ride. at least until late march, but preferably mid-april for these temperatures.
@zem, its because calgary is so close to the mountains that we get the chinook effect.  as the air passes over the mountain, it picks up speed and heat due to friction.  we see that arch in the sky from the west and know that the warm air is rolling in.  you never know what to expect here, except the unexpected! ;)
oh, it's just over like that, eh? well guess what... it's going to hover around 50f every day here until thursday, when it goes up to the mid- to upper-60s!  in freaking february! why?!?! no, bird outside my window, it's not spring yet! fly, you fool!
@zem, its called sangria, and its a thing... look it up! ;) also as far as the trade goes, it wouldn't be worth it to you anymore.  its going to be above freezing every day this week, so the snow will be gone soon (except for the massive piles, they take a bit longer). so happy news for me! yay me!
morning kittens!
someone on the bvb page just found a fake bvb being sold, but unfortunately, they found it on a weekend, just when nobody's ever around. i even posted it on the bvb slack, but nobody's done anything there for the better part of a month.
oh yeah, i finally got my mandatory annual cold. it took awhile, but it finally arrived. not too bad this time though, just a runny/stuffy/too-dry nose and slightly sore throat. got off lucky this year!
gm... is his name todd? oh god, is this another todd scenario like from the dilbert tv cartoon?  seriously, that was a good cartoon, but that was an amazing episode! basically, to upgrade computer equipment, they had to get rid of their old stuff. there was a process, but this being a company, nothing works right and they could never really get rid of old computers. so dilbert found a miraculously empty cubicle, and claimed it for an imaginary guy named todd, and they dumped stuff in there so they could upgrade. management, though, saw todd had so many computers, so logically he's incredibly productive! he got promoted and promoted and promoted, becoming worth millions of dollars and retiring, as an imaginary person. anyways, the best part is at an office party, where someone from hr confronts dilbert and says, "i don't see todd here. better things to do?" eventually leading to "i don't believe in todd!" and as he left, "where's your todd now?!" god, i had to pause it when he said that, i was laughing so hard!
ugh, it's already 62 and it's not even as hot as it's going to get today; it'll reach as high as 64! okay, this is nice, but also, this is february. this is an abomination of winter. this is sparta. really considering that trade, bakhan. i'll even throw in me throwing myself in snow like you wanted!
sounds like a bunch of alternative facts.
@lz: no clue. all i know is that i get emails of "who is this?", "does this person exist?", "i never said that"*forwards email from them clearly showing they did say that*"...oh".
morning, kittens! gm, since we're living in the world of 1984, are you sure he's not an unperson and you didn't miss the memo?
morning kittens. nothing like half the people that were involved in conversations regarding a guy(from back in august) thinking he doesn't exist. the terminal manager, the director of hr, my manager...
wait, shoot, it's just, "morning... sergeant?" "nobody tells me nothin'."
"... good... morning, sergeant?" (hot fuzz quote for everything, even people not saying good morning when you think they will!)
no, more bacon, cheese, and anything deep fried, especially if it's cheese. with a side of bacon.
more bacon!!!!!!!
zem, think of it like this. .. what would make bacon even better?
is nobody getting this? wine is fruit juice. putting more fruit in doesn't help.
yes, fruit in wine. i've seen that before. the only wine i enjoyed was what we had while we were in austria.
so.....big day for me. i finally upgraded to a ps4. with all the new content for diablo 3 and the necromancer character coming out, i had to do it.
heck yeah! a bvb playtest in omaha! i could finally go to one! oooh... next wednesday at 5-9pm, though... i don't know if i can. actually, it's pretty likely i have an exam then.  (but the professor is being weird and hasn't actually given us a solid date because he needs to be sure we go through everything on it, which is annoying because now i don't know when it is for sure)
add a ton of fruit...  to wine... um, you might want to check your sources there, you may be thinking of vodka or something. ;)
@zem, lol, i actually loath wine, its blechy! ;) unless you add a ton of fruit and some triple sec... ;)
i don't think there's a miniatures painting course here, but there is a wine tasting class! would that make up for it? i feel like that's all you really need to understand some of my classes. ;)
@zem, i wish i could bud, but you couldn't afford the drop in your marks! ;)  now if you were studying hydronics, or miniature painting, that would be a different story! ;)
here, we'll just trade places for a week. i'll move up there, and you can come down here and become a student. i'm sure we're basically identical twins, nobody'll be none the wiser!
@zem, if there was anyway to make that happen buddy, it would be on! ;) have i ever mentioned how much i hate the cold? ;)
haha, maybe you need to contact ks support or something if this keeps up. i've never even heard of any site doing this, at least not with that selectivity. maybe it's protecting you from scrolling down to pay for the expensive tiers lower on the page. does your wallet have an auto-alert against loving kickstarter too much?
holy crap, and to think tomorrow's going to be 67! it's been below freezing for over a week now, and as frank drebin would say, "i love it!" tomorrow's going to be t-shirt and shorts weather! i'll be able to get a tan! then hovering around 50 for next week, not 20-25 like 80% of this week was, with periodic breaks for a refreshing chill down to 10! man, how do people deal with this stuff. ` hey, bakhan, i've got a deal for you. you give me all the snow around your house, and i'll send the heat this week up there in its place.
@zem: especially when it's only on campaign pages, and not on ks home page, profiles, messages, activity, recommended, or any of the many other pages(even msn news works normally)
gm! you broke the pattern of just "morning kittens" comments! great, now we have to start all over again. ` also, that's really strange. i still have no clue whatsoever what might be causing that.
morning kittens.
morning kittens. i think i figured out how to fix the no scrolling on campaign pages...just requires me to move the scroll wheel on the mouse rapidly while loading a page.
morning kittens!
good morning all.
morning kittens.
ah, maybe i got one of the good ones then. i'm not going to say none of them are ineffective or scammers, but i've never met one. and mine is like a freaking miracle worker. and by that i just mean he's good at his job. because my legs are back to normal. you get the point.
lz!!!  good to be seen and to see you as well!!
i tried regular chiropractors in the past and they did 2 things. jack and squat.
what, are you planning on going out in true the shining fashion or something, trinkets? i guess it's definitely cold enough for that. that ending would have felt way different if he had just been holding a pbr in his cold, dead hand!
awesome news about the job, geist.  and they'll have to pry the pabst from my cold dead hands!!!!
geist, i sure hope to make it. ` trinkets, it's a good bet to say chiropracty is the only reason i can still walk normally, or at least without severe pain in every step. i'd kinda have to show you what my resting stance was like back then, but let's just say neither of my legs were in that nice, neat shoulder-width somewhat parallel position. i remember the first check-up helping so much just like that, and in the months after i felt so much better, and in just several months finally had no issues whatsoever! but man was i messed up then! still kind of am, but it's more manageable, 2 normal lower back issues.
you're a new man, trinkets! you can even post twice, you rebel! the world can't stop you!
oh yeah, and feb. 19 is the anniversary already! what is it, 2 full years now?!
trinkets! good to see you!
@trinkets, damn man!  thats awesome!  i know that unrelenting pain can definitely put a guy in a bad way, spent some time in that hole before myself.  i am so thankful that you've found something thats working for you!  congrats on your new freedom! ;)
i am doing good trinkets. new job, better pay and location. this will help me make it to kitten con 2. hopefully there will be more corps members there this time around.
hey trinkets! so glad to hear you are feeling better. i hope this new treatment continues to work. then maybe i can convince you to leave pabst alone. :-p
i have been going through tons of back and neck issues. actually, i've been dealing with back issues for 20 years. with the neck issues that popped up last year, i just went into a dark place. physical therapy and everything else hadn't worked. we have a nucca guy in town. i finally went on monday to my first appointment. amazing. absolutely amazing.  i haven't felt this good in years.  in only the first adjustment,  i am standing fully upright, have zero pain, i slept almost all through the night. it's unbelievable. i really feel like a new man.
@trinkets, hey bro! good to see you!, whats new with you? (everything same same here) ;)
how is everyone doing?
double post!!!!!!!
well zem, the short answer is ....i'm a new man.
well zem, the short answer is ....i'm a new man.
hey, gm, when it does that, couldn't you zoom out to see more? maybe you thought of that, but you could do that and maybe even go as far out as possible and use a magnifier tool on the computer to read them.
oh yeah, i've been top commenter for over 100 comments now, but didn't notice it wasn't updating the count because it was a download, not a refreshable count for some reason, so i missed when it happened. sorry, creeper! 8025 now (or last comment, whatever), onwards to 10,000 comments!!!
enjoy it while it lasts, gm. ` ahoy, trinkets! how've you been?
:-)
...or it could fix itself(just refreshed the page and can now scroll...wonder how long it will last)
@bakhan: that involves too much work...i'll just read the 4-5 comments that show, and if i need more clarification(or can't read it all) i will click on someone's name and read up from there.
@gm, time to go to diy it level two! unplug everything, and then plug it all back in... ;)
morning kittens. new day, same non-working ks pages. even shut the computer down last night when i left(like i always do). i'm wondering if, since it's actually a touch screen laptop in a docking station that that might have something to do with it. and i'm typing below the what i can see in the box, so i'm sory if something is spelled wrong, or makes no sense as i can't actually see what i'm typing right now.
i don't know right now whether i want cold or not. the weather seems to agree. below freezing all week (even a tiny bit of snow/flurry today), but this weekend it'll get up to mid-60s and then hover around 50 degrees all next week. right now, though, it's 15. which i'd love  if i weren't so tired. when i'm tired is the only time i don't like cold, and unfortunately that involves every morning, when it's the coldest.
@geist,  i wish we had a bit more global warming going on... its -12f here right now, piles of snow (and the requisit retard drivers...)  its supposed to start warming up by late afternoon here... i'm so cold! :(
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. yesterday it was 73 degrees. global warming? what global warming?
oh, i thought for a moment you meant the ineffectual editor. i thought, "well you said 6 months, that's approximately 4,392 hours, at $30/hour...  so you owe $131,760? yeah, i know how your wallet feels!"
in other news, the editor to whom i was referred by a friend, charges $30/hr to do her work. i can't say i blame her, but i don't really have the money for that. i really just need someone to read over it and let me know if the story flows well and makes sense, and point out any plot holes that might be there. in terms of spelling and grammar, there's really nothing that needs to be fixed.
i haven't finished doing the lookback, but i suspect the reason it went so long with no consequence is that we hardly ever do a 24-hour urine creatinine quantitation. we do a creatinine clearance much more frequently, and even then, we only do about 10 of those per year.
how did it go 10 years without consequence? there was never any discrepancy? i mean, in practical use, a factor of 10 is almost always instantly noticeable. maybe it was the usage of dl, which is pretty uncommon otherwise, and the person who set it up just forgot it for a second and used straight l instead, so divided by 1000.
if it's anything like around here, 90% of it was guesswork.
@lz, thats some crazy stuff! hopefully there wasn't too much guessing going on... >.>
i think what happened was the first lab manager built the formula and accidentally dictated that the whole equation be divided by 1000, instead of 100, and built the protocol off that, and everyone else did the lazy thing of comparing the lis calculation to the expectes result, instead of actually calculating the result by hand.
1200 ml = 120 cl = 12 dl
see, that's the question. the way i did it was first convert ml to dl, so we're working with 75 mg/dl times 12 dl/24 hours, which gives 900 mg/24 hours. i have no idea how every one of my predecessors got 90 mg/24 hours
well 1200ml = 120dl so... maybe that has something to do with it?
i wouldn't at all. ` ugh, lz, i've never seen a measurement in dl! so is it really just 1200*0.75? because that's 900, but maybe it's supposed to be measured some other way? i would think over 10 years if they got the wrong number, they'd have known they were doing something drastically wrong. you'd think being off by a factor of 10 would cause some kind of consequence you'd notice.
@lz, i wonder if one of the variables was off by a factor of 10, hence the norm being 90 and the result being 900?
@lz, without knowing the formula, i'm not sure i can contribute, but if you can give me a link, i'll check it out for you!
@geist, that is scary! i'm just thankful that they were able to use their phones!  lots of wilderness here where phones don't get any signal what-so-ever!  its all too easy to die in those areas!
okay, hivemind, i need a bit of confirmation that my math is correct here. i did the calculation test at work today to make sure the system is doing calculations correctly. i got one unexpected result, but i don't think it's incorrect. i did everything i was instructed to by the procedure, meaning i entered the following results for calculation: 24-hour volume: 1200 ml creatinine, urine: 75 mg/dl the calculation gave a total of 900 mg/24 hours, but the procedure lists the expected value as 90 mg/24 hours. every manager has gotten 90 mg/24 hours since 2006, but i don't think that's right or possible. i think 900 is right. what do you all think?
i think most of us would, geist
so i was listening to npr at work and they mentioned that because of our dictator's aggressive stance on immigrants, some undocumented u.s. residence are trying to cross over into canada. the problem is that unlike the crossing into mexico, folks are running into snow, wild animals and a rough landscape. a group had to be rescued when they got lost and used a cell phone to call for help. yes, it has gotten this bad in the u.s. how i wish hillary had won the election. i'd sleep better at night.
that's even weirder, gm. yeah, i have no clue whatsoever as to how that's happening!
well, my plan worked... too well. the line was way longer than i thought and took me literally 3 times longer to get my food than normal! but at least i didn't have to stand outside annoyingly during a fire drill, right?
@zem: not all of ks. if i click on anyone's name to go to their profile, i can scroll there. if i click on anything else(other than an actual campaign) i can scroll there. the second i get to a campaign page(comments, updates, faq, etc) i can't scroll.
though it's especially weird that it's just for ks. i really have no clue. it'd make more sense if it were a problem on every site you went to.
have you tried turning it off and on again? as in, i have no clue, but one can hope that restarting either just your browser or your computer will magically fix the problem. works all too often.
i can move the scroll bar, but the page doesn't move at all...it keeps with the most current comments, and the leave a comment box...
@gm, nope, everythings working ok here and on my phone.
@lz, yep, liars suck. not much more to say there... sorry bro!
i'm on desktop at work.
no, gm, though are you on mobile? that's different from me, but nobody else has mentioned that. ` lz, man, i hate people like that. why even bother with all the effort to make the person think you're doing the work if you know you never will? it's a huge waste of time and effort on both parties' parts that's completely unnecessary.
this will take some deliberation. i know there's a fire drill in my building at 2pm, so even though my normal food place is full then tuesdays and thursdays, i'm going right before that time anyways to avoid that hassle. hooray for conspiring to avoid hassles!
is anyone else having trouble with not being able to scroll campaign pages?
the thing that really annoys me is that she kept telling me that she was making progress. she told me in early september, though, that her computer had crashed and she had lost everything. last i heard from her, she had 20 pages left, and would be done by december 3rd. then she started ignoring me. a coworker got ahold of her over the weekend. she told the coworker that she was in the hospital and her computer had crashed, causing her to lose everything she had done. i was willing to believe the computer crashing thing the first time. the second time in six months, though, just makes it sound like an excuse for not doing anything. if you're not going to do anything on it, just tell me that so i can find another editor and get the thing published!
2 qualities in an editor: loves to read and the most god-awful nitpicky person ever. if you fit these qualifications and aren't looking to make any friends, call this number...
morning kittens. i probably won't be on here much today...ks is all screwy and not scrolling up or down on the page(i know i have an update from a previous project...but can't get to the button to check it)
@lz, that sucks! if you were looking for someone else to give it a go, i've been known to read books... ;) and make time for friends... ;)
@geist, lol! yeah, we put her in costumes whenever shes being too annoying, so like daily... ;)
morning kittens!
@bakhan: i did get the picture of pumpkin in the hat. thank misty for me. she looks so over it, lol. re: watches i use to wear ones from avon. i have a black one that has my zodiac sign in crystal stones but it stopped working a few years ago. i keep meaning to take it to a watch repair place to get it fixed. the last watch i purchased was from macys and it hardly lasted 3 months before it stopped working.
at least i still have win 7. the thing was left straight out of win 10, so there's no way at all to play it on that.
woo, time to play battlefield 1942 for the first time in a long time! the oldest, but the goodest! or... not. of course it has to throw up some kind of error. of course it can't be simple. microsoft, i guess in preparation of win 10 upgrades, disabled a security drive used in many games to prevent copying, and without that drive, you can't run the game, so you manually have to command it to give manual access to that drive in the cmd as an admin and manually start/stop the drive! because why should you be able to play games older than 2015? they obviously don't see an issue with that.  oh yeah, and there's a risk if you just restart the drive and keep it open because somehow that makes you more susceptible to attacks or something, so you have to open and make sure you close it every time you play! but it's worth it for this sweet bf 1942 menu music! ;)
wow, she makes even me look super productive! ` hey, i gave myself a good 6 or so hours to write that 4 page reflection essay today (not to mention the hour long video it was reflecting on) due tonight! doesn't matter that it was probably available to be done for a week or so now, it got done. and hey, it turned out way nicer than i could have hoped!
i just learned that the person who volunteered to do the fifth edit of my novel probably hasn't even looked at it. she's had it for six months.
@gm, i used to wear a watch all the time (lol, i just made a watch pun!), but working in a warehouse its too easy to damage them.  i had a really nice fossil watch ($500+) and i just loved it, till i put a massive scratch on the face... ditto that with a christian audiger, quicksilver, and a couple of other really nice ones.  the last really nice watch that i was given (that i still have in mint) i never ever wear, is a bulliva and its way to flashy to wear to work, thank goodness.  only clock i need is on my phone! ;)
come on, snow? jeez, why aren't you guys shipping it here like i asked? i'm going to give canada one star on yelp! ` but really, we've had no snow this year! the most was about 1 freaking inch. so yeah, sorry, but until you guys send more snow our way, you're not getting that facewash video from me! i mean, at least enough snow to faceplant in a pile or something.
gm, why waste your money on that? this is much cheaper, and i can attest to it being a great watch! http://www.scamstuff.com/products/arson-watch seriously, it's one of the greatest things ever. so much fun to show people and get that great astonished response! plus, you know, fire. i mean, it's so cold up there, you can use it to keep warm!
@bakhan: i used to always wear a watch, until it stopped working and the repair guy couldn't even figure it out(he tried the battery first...and that did nothing)
@gm, i'd say gunmetal, looks the most neutral to me (able to go with anything) the others look very similar to each other, imo.  so the stealth, and the gunmetal, if i was buying two of them anyways.  i've got way too much money tied up in watches (that i never use) to possibly consider any more of them.
as much as i should not back anything new...i had to back this one for two reasons: 1 - it's a canadian product 2 - i need a good watch(or two as the case is going to be) and on that note...i need help deciding on the second watches scheme. i'm getting the stealth(pure black) one definitely, but not sure whether to go with the mocha, rose, gunmetal or the classic for the second watch. any opinions? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sonothollywood/the-geometrically-etched-x-frame-seer-chronograph/description
@geist, shes still her normal crabby self.  whining non-stop, being a diva,  you know... ;)  you got the pictures of her in that hat that you sent for her right?
@bakhan: how is pumpkin doing?
i'm still not ready for snow. i want it to be spring already. i have a few short weekend trips in mind and i won't enjoy them as much if the temp is 10 degrees and windy.
@gm, yeah, that sounds frustrating for sure!  i know as a dog owner how i would deal with it, but as a house sitter its much harder, as its a long term fix.  well at least its only one more day! ;)
@geist, well it is the great white north... ;) its supposed to get much nicer here by thursday, we'll see what happens though. ;)
@geist: there is a good 7-8 inches on the air conditioning unit outside my office window.
you guys are getting snow? we are getting spring like weather here. it will be 65 degrees tomorrow and wednesday.
@bakhan: as for the shoveling, i've told him that he is not to shovel alone anymore, and if it has to wait until i get home, it waits. if i wasn't needing to let the dogs out(and shovel), i would go and help out today. but i think i will text him about it a little later and have him wait until my mom gets home from work(sister is in hawaii right now, so she can't help).
@bakhan: it's more the i let them outside when i get there from work(between 5:30 and 6:30) for them to go potty, they both go out. then when they come in, then go to lay down, a little later one of them(the male) gets up and goes(so i think) to lay down somewhere else...but goes downstairs to take a crap. within 15min of coming inside. then later, the other dog(girl) gets up and walks around the corner from where i'm sitting at the table eating, and goes downstairs, and comes back up and proceeds to eat said crap....all while their food bowls are full(like almost completely full, as in adding more would make it overflow). i'm at a loss with them...and lost it on them yelling last night.
@gm, tell your dad to be careful, i lost one of my grandfathers that way!
@gm, because of my knee issues, a couple of years ago i agreed to let my wife hire snow removal services.  i haven't regretted it since! ;)  they only come once a day, but thats all i need to be compliant, so huzzah for that!  as per the dogs, you need to make eye contact, make sure that they follow through, and give them treats everytime they listen to you! hey they're not your dogs, so as long as they'll do what you want, who cares right? ;)
that...and only one more night of looking after these two dogs that don't listen to me(i try telling one of them to do something, and she will look off to the corner of the room so i am in her peripherals, and completely ignore me).
@bakhan: tell me about it. i knew i would have to shovel the sidewalk(i'm house sitting since jan 28), so i left it all day yesterday until about 6pm. went and shoveled, and then when i walked outside today...the snow was covering the top of my boot toe(a good 2-2.5 inches). and it's still coming down. worst part, is i got a text from my dad yesterday saying they had to shovel twice(i sure hope he wasn't doing it alone!).
morning kittens! i made it into work!  which given how much snow we've had is a minor miracle!
morning kittens.
morning kittens. you know it's going to be a bad week when you come into the office and your computer won't start.
i'm just disappointed there haven't been any really good commercials in years, and since superbowl ad spots are so freaking extortingly expensive (5 million dollars for 30 seconds), i doubt anyone will be interested in doing them like that much anymore. much less so doritos doing 3 ads per game, many of which became classics.
superb superbowl. i slept through most of the 4th quarter and woke up just at the final push to the tying touchdown. pretty dang awesome game, though most of it wasn't. just the first and fourth quarters and overtime. so many records set!
meh, superbowl. wake me when it's over.
huh, i know i said "happy weekend, everybody!", but that didn't mean you had to have one. nobody's checked in! i feel like a parent whose children have all flown the coop and gone off to college or whatnot. you never write me anymore.
i found what might be the original upload on newgrounds: uploaded may 15, 2006 | 8:20 pm edt. 10 days before my 10th birthday! holy cow that's old (for a flash game)! no wonder it was impossible to find. but the nostalgia was worth it. and the satisfaction of finally finding it. i thought it was older than that, though, and probably because the quality is so abhorrent. but that would be because it was made in less than 1 day, as the creator on newgrounds says.
ah, i finally did it! i found a flash game from freaking ages ago, like literally one of the very first flash games i fell in love with. and it shows; the quality is terrible! but the nostalgia is real, and, like that one band awhile back, this took me literally years to find again. i finally caught it while combing through all of the fighting games archives on a site i thought it might be on for half an hour.  as comic book guy from the simpsons once said, "life well spent!"
happy weekend, everybody!
@geist: sort of. they are reward points that you earn for making purchases in store. they could be redeemed online for items(there were guitars, movie/band posters - signed and unsigned, and other knick knacks/collectables). supposedly you can redeem them for discounts on your purchases, but need to find out how much before i actually buy anything today.
@gm: points? like credit card points?
meanwhile i get done at the same time as always. and that's not even early because a bunch of other stuff is popping up that'll take me all day. why, guys? why'd you have to take my weekend from me and force me to live your lives?!
@geist: a bunch of us a going out for lunch because one of the girls is moving up to edmonton, and working from one of our branch offices near there. today is her last day down in calgary, so i get to go home right after lunch(after stopping in at hmv to see about using my points that i have saved up as they are all being closed down by april),
@gm: same here. 4 if i take a lunch.
wow, everybody seems to be so lucky today! i wish, pretty jelly... :(   ;)
morning kittens. only another ~3hours until i get to go home.
i just realized i haven't checked the leaderboard in some time: comment count as of 2016-10-04 05:07:16.277363 utc. 1.	melissa  melissa "taser creeper" nicole	7883 2.	micah  micah "zem the mattress" philson	7595 ` wait, has it really not updated since october? it has to have, since it changed since i've checked it since then, i think... is it updated? even though i've commented on many campaigns, i do have like 9 1/2 thousand comments...
that sounds like a great idea, geist! though it involves getting up early... so not sure if it really balances out that much.
@geist, thats great news! congrats!
morning kittens!
morning kittens. i got in the office extra early so that i can blow this popsicle stand around 2ish. let's get this weekend started already!
hey, it might have worked! i don't know for sure, but this exam seemed like it went way better for me than patterns predict. dang, i must've beaten and tortured a leprechaun or something!
by that, i mean this exam i'm taking tonight. should be easy enough, but then again...
hmm, i thought my german exam sucked and would be a c, but it turned out to be an a, so now what of this o-chem exam i think is going to be an f? let's hope the magic carries over!
@zem, that is fricken awesome! i love it!
haha, this joke is going on my dorm room's hall whiteboard now: "women only call me ugly until they hear how much money i make. then they call me ugly and poor." the best jokes are true to life. ;)
@gm: canada's border is way too long to build a wall anyway. more flat land but it would cost triple what the mexican wall will cost u.s. tax payers. (believe me, we will be the only one paying for this piece of crap)
i just got paperwork for one of the most awesomely named people. austin powers if this person doesn't dress up as this character for halloween every year, they should be arrested.
damn! just looked it up on snopes, and thats a nope! that would have been too funny!
@gm, lol, did he really call us snow mexicans?
@zem: he wants a second wall, to block off the "snow mexicans" as he calls us.
bakhan, as far as obama's medical coverage, it didn't do much, trust me. he tore down one wall and built up two more, like any normal president. at least trump only want's to build one wall! ;) (hahaha, dammit, that was a terrible analogy, but i'm glad i made it!)
` i've never gotten a flu shot, though. it doesn't really help that much, and my mom, being a nurse and needing to get it for work (or else wear a mask all the time - not that nice an alternative) has noticed that usually people who get the shot get the flu almost as much as those who don't, this sample data being primarily a couple hundred nurses and some patients. it is all anecdotal, sure, but it's not really that important of a vaccine compared to some others i'd rather not miss out on.
lz, you're not the only one. i know alot of people who don't get the flu shot because they feel terrible for some time after it. i've never gotten it, and i've almost never gotten the flu, but then again, i tend to have a really strong immune system (aside from one certain time i had a major fever and two identical throat infections one after another all in one month making for the worst winter i've ever had.
i just got paperwork for one of the most awesomely named people. austin powers
@gm: it might. i've only ever had the flu once and it was awful. everything ached and i didn't want to eat anything.
@lz, honestly the medical system is (was) the only thing i was ever worried about if i was ever able to move down there.  it just seemed so confusing as far as getting health insurance and whatnot.  it must be stressful! especially now with king cheeto the oblivious in charge...  i hope that he isn't able to destroy everything that obama was able to do for you guys!
i'm also in favour of vaccines, but i have never - in the 29 almost 30 years of life - had a flu shot, according to my mom. so not entirely sure if it will hit my like a freight train thrown at me by superman or not.
@bakhan, very true! and i do have insurance; they just won't do anything until i have paid the first $3k in qualified medical expenses. one of the good things about obamacare is that it did away with "lifetime maximums," which were the insurances' way of saying, "you have cost us too much over you're lifetime. therefore, we are not going to cover you anymore." i'm afraid that trump might get rid of that provision.
i also don't usually get the flu shot, despite being in favor of vaccines. my issue is that i usually end up sicker after getting the shot than if i didn't get it. i realize this is anecdotal evidence that may not actually be true (correlation not equalling causation and all that), but that's been my experience.
@lz, hey any upside, is still an upside right? ;) gotta be some sort of benefit to come out of an ordeal like that one!
i also usually get a nasty cold early in the winter, but it didn't happen this year. something about not going out much (for some reason) and taking a magic antibiotic that somehow protected the entire respiratory system, even from viruses. i have no idea how that worked, but it did.
man, now everyone's here commenting every minute or two and i have to go! don't leave me too much to read again!
@geist, i don't get the flu shot, i am in favour of imunization, just not for the flu.  i've already had the h1n1 virus, so the flu isn't really all that scary to me anymore... ;)
wait a minute, on that last comment of mine... 4 minutes ago 2 minutes ago just now on february 2, 2017 ` what the heck, suddenly mine is shown like it will be several days from now? haha!
@zem, lol, you always were supposed to... ;)
i usually get one cold a winter (huh, haven't gotten one this time! usually it's early on in the winter!) that's not nearly that bad. just a stuffy, runny nose and coughing with a sore throat. almost never any worse than that, so it's not even worth taking meds and skipping work. ` though there was that one time a year or two ago when i had some major throat infection that lasted over a week, and took my voice straight away (very painfully) twice that winter, and in between, i had a major, knock-you-on-your-ass fever for a week (it was so bad, i actually felt what it's like when normal people feel cold outside! (never again...)). come to think of it, that was the winter leading up to the ek campaign, so at least i had that going for me, which was nice.
@gm, no doubt, lol! have you watched any of the black mirror? theres a couple of stories that have some pretty cool hi-tech alternatives to death... hehe... ;)
knock on wood, i haven't had a full blown cold in the past year. gotta love flu shots.
join cortez in his search for the fountain of youth? it's a harrowing journey, and almost certainly a wild goose chase, but i didn't think it was that bad of an option! ` also, if that's the case, from now on i"m reading your name as bakhaaaaaaaaaaaaan!!!
@bakhan: unless scientists make a breakthrough in life longevity. that's the only other way...and i don't see them doing that until they cure all disease.
@gm, normally i use my sick days for when my gout acts up (both kinds), this is the first time i've needed to take time off of work because of actually being sick in quite a while.  but i'm getting older, and sadly don't seem to be as robust as i used to be.  oh well, only one way to stop getting older, and i'm not ready for that option yet!
@bakhan: i usually get one a year, that knocks me on my ass for most of a week(still don't miss much work...usually just go home early a couple of times). then nothing that causes me to miss work for the rest of the year.
@geist, thanks! i was just too doped up on cold meds to handle anything other than passing out infront of the tv, and blowing my nose... uggg! i haven't had a cold in almost three years, so i guess i was due... didn't have to be though... oh well. ;)
great to hear you are feeling better bakhan. i was worried there for a moment.
morning kittens. note to self: when there is a fire drill at work, make sure you take your phone with you.
morning kittens.
@zem, everything sounds better when read as "khaaaaaaaaaan!!!", in my opinion... ;)
@lz, great news on getting the medication covered! i can't imagine how hard it would be, living there without guaranteed coverage! yikes!
morning kittens. i'm a sick kitten, but i made it into work today at least.  it no longer feels like i'm breathing/coughing razor blades, thats my good news.
note: when you read, "responsibility!!!", read it in the manner of, "khaaaaaaaaaan!!!"
oh boy, i did extra stuff today, and even so, i'm done early! i can go do other stuff for fun before... oh wait, no, i have to get up early. and as it is, i have a major exam and should get as much sleep as possible. responsibility!!! why does life have to be so life-like?  i want to live in a movie! drama! tension! excitement! virtually never having to go to the bathroom!!! and all of this regularly rather than sporadically throughout life!
haha, yeah, now there's no excuse! ;)
congrats lz! now you can spend that money on perfecting a hot sauce campaign. >.>
yeah! you make it sound like winning a lottery, which in a way you got about that much money, so that's amazing news, lz! see? see what happens when we spend all day looking for someone with good news? the news becomes good on its own to compensate!
woooohooooooooooo!!!! i just heard from my oncologist's nurse that merck approved my application, so i get free temodar (the super expensive drug i've been fretting about) for the year!
geist, i accept your good news as valid.
anyone have any good news today? i have survived the current dictatorship so far. i think that is pretty good.
i  haven't killed anyone yet today...so i guess that's good news. same here. to be honest, the little skank that sits besides me stopped talking to me so that is something of a relief.
"canadian pharmacy". is that code for "canadian mafia"? i'm sure our canadian "connections" can give you the "support" you need.
wow, from how i felt waking up this morning, you'd think i was actually waking up half-naked in a denny's parking lot in a bathtub full of ice. after not having had anything to eat or drink for 2 days. i was out of time, so i couldn't comment that here then, though. but yeah, even though i ate super late last night, i was super hungry, and was still even after eating all morning. and until my hip really painfully popped, it hurt with every step! along with other various and sundry aches and pains.  i had to check my wallet to make sure i wasn't mugged in my sleep!
yeah, it's looking more and more like i'm just going to have to put the prescription on my credit card and set up a gofundme. unless a canadian pharmacy can get me what i need for lots less.
i haven't killed anyone yet today...so i guess that's good news.
morning kittens! anyone have any good news today?
morning kittens.
morning kittens
it was also annoying getting the filling because they didn't apparently give me enough anesthetic the first time, so they could only drill 1/3 of it, and had to give me a full other shot in other parts of my mouth. now my mouth really feels numb! guess how they found out i wasn't totally numb? yeah, at least now i know why you definitely want that anesthetic. that was startling!
haha, brahm's tragic overture (a song i know very well from fallout 4's classical radio) started literally the second i started my car after getting a filling and ended literally the instant i put it into park in the garage! it was so perfect, it must've been meant to be! now i'll have that in my head all day. i may even listen to it again (and again and again) and/or play some fallout today. at least now i know it takes exactly 13:17 to get there or back.
howdy kittens. month end close has got me really busy. can't wait for this week to be over
good... afternoon. nobody's here?
morning kittens.
haha, for a second, i read "opioid pancakes". that would be an interesting breakfast! the breakfast of champions!
yeah, i was continuing on the opioid painkillers, which are notorious. thankfully you're nowhere near needing those, they're only for some things that make even those worth it! but hopefully, once you're done with these fun lil' tabules of cellular genocide, you're done with them for good!
they said that the pills might make me feel sick all day. they're not to cover anything up; they're to kill any remaining cancer cells. i'm sure they won't be hard to quit.
lz, are they at least not the kind that makes you incredibly sick all day constantly? because i'm not sure severe constant nausea is always worse than what they're trying to cover up, unless it's sickeningly painful maybe. and hopefully not the kind you have a hard time stopping taking either.
so... i feel awake and not tired all day for once. i'm pretty sure i only got like 7 hours of sleep at most, though. i haven't been that deprived of sleep recently, have i?! though yesterday, i got basically a long nap and no chance for a nap during the day to make up, so i was super, super tired all day. maybe my body is just saying it's happy it's not quite *that* tired again today.
morning kittens. i think i slept weird last night...the back of my neck is sore.
@lz, as long as they work brother! the high end pain pills are normally only reserved for pain management at the end of the road, hopefully we're a long way from there!
the thing is, though, these aren't any fun "we'll send you to mars" kind of drugs. these are more like "we'll make you feel like you swallowed razor blades" kind of drugs.
oh yeah, though my parents did get 2 new cats! my mom was so distraught from not having had a cat in over a year my dad finally caved and got this maine coon and siamese she was looking at. they're really fun, and the coon is finally a cat that's my size! when i hold him, it just looks like a normal cat! or maybe i look like a normal-sized person.
"and his grandchildren-in-law are really awesome. well, at least one of them." there, fixed it. ` ah, another one of those days when you wake up and immediately think, "no, it can't be monday, can it? oh god... *darth vader: nooooooooooooooooooooooo*!!!"  at least for once in a long time i finally feel like i got enough sleep somehow. we'll see how long that lasts.
morning kittens! was down in medicine hat for my grandfather in laws 90th! he's such an awesome and funny guy! and his grandchildren are pretty awesome, well, the one i married anyways... ;)
morning kittens. what a weekend. marches and protest both days. it's like the world has gone insane.
wow, just another couple weeks and it will have been 2 years here!
i feel really sorry for all you've had to go through though. it really sucks that in addition to being dangerous, often scary, and usually painful, it has to be just as dangerous, scary, and painful to your wallet.
yeah, are you sure you weren't prescribed pure heroine or something? i mean, i know alot of painkillers are opiates, but that has to be some good stuff!
@lz: those must be some really, really, really good pills. like send you to another universe good.
that feeling when you go from nothing to meeting your $3k deductible in one day... ...by filling one prescription... ...consisting of 15 pills...
john hurt?! nooo! i loved his voice and he was such an amazing actor! and that makes him the first doctor of the new series to die.
john hurt passed away. this saddens me more than you know. he was such a good actor. one of my favourites.
oh yeah, it's the weekend. probably not so many people will check back in now. just as we were getting a great conversation going for the first time in a long time!
baking taking off? does that mean you're getting baked, because that also means high, or that your baking will now be featured in some airplane meals?
howdy creeper! good to hear that your baking is taking off!
gm, i'll chug some more coffee for you so you don't hit that midday slump. ` how'dy'all. how'y'all doin'? (man, southerners know how to contract words!)
bakhan, bark! and every time someone talks about mornings, i think of the first chapter of the hobbit, where gandalf makes such a big deal about what "good morning" means or connotes. it's so funny!
hi creeper! how are you today?
sorry.... good afternoon....
morning erryone!
morning kittens. it's friday, and i am waiting for the coffee to kick in.
@zem, its a fake it till you make it thing, and well wishes all at the same time.  its not that i believe its a good morning ( and all dogs are good a heart, less can be said for their owners...), its that i believe it could be, and i would like you to have one.  so, could you please, for me, have a good morning? ;) good boy!
that's all mornings really want, you know, is attention. if you ignore them, they'll leave you alone. most of the time. i seem to have found a rather pernicious and stubborn batch of mornings in my life. can mornings form gangs?
i'm willing to concede that it is an okay morning, not quite good, as mornings go, but that's only because it belongs to a friday, and you wouldn't quite say a dog is good because of the owner to whom it belongs. there, you happy, morning? i begrudgingly accepted your existence.
@geist, yay! finally maybe some good news eh? ;)
@creeper, heya! good luck with your business dealy!
morning kittens!
ooh, that sounds exciting! best of luck with your businessy things and cupcakes!
i know.  some big changes might be coming soon for my business, so i've been insanely focused on that.  if all goes well, i'll hopefully be able to announce it soonish! but i've been thinking about you guys and following along when i can.  hope everyone is doing well here.  i'm so sad i don't get to host a bvb party- but it just wasn't feasible for me with everything else going on.
so how's life been treating you, creeper? been awhile since you checked in!
lz-  hi!  how are you?  and yes... i agree. hiya zem!
i don't know, like the turtle robbed by 2 snails said, "it all happened so fast." for me, really the entire year flew straight by. though i think i can understand why for you the last year of the year took a full year in its going. all good signs though now?
the first three quarters of last year flew by in record time. the last quarter lasted for at least a year
hey, creeper! how've you been? ` geist, that was a year ago?! jeez, last year went by in record time! which is odd, considering it's a leap year, so it had a full extra day on most years, but i keep thinking, "that was a full year ago already?! that first batch of bemoaned celebrity deaths is already a year old? it's almost the ek anniversary again?!"
hi hi.
for clarification: the crappy supervisor was at the temp job i had about a year ago. he could have been a great mentor but treated nearly everyone poorly. even people on the same supervisor level as himself.
that might be good, geist! let's hope that clears up the atmosphere in the office a bit. now to just get rid of that sometimes annoying coworker that made that entire week terrible awhile back... (still the agreed on price? it's getting hard to make them look like accidents)
afternoon kittens. i heard some great gossip today. the supervisor at that was a complete asshat to me and many other people is leaving. he says it's to take care of his wife but i think it's because relations between him and the hire ups got really bad.
okay, i've heard of yes, but i've never been a very big fan
i somehow find it very hard to believe you've never heard this song, or even heard of this band! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
roundabout? i haven't heard of that. is that a song or a band?
dang it, lz, you got me thinking about music, then said roundabout! now i'm going to have roundabout in my head all day, with appearances from judas priest and rachmaninoff! ... hell, that sounds like a great concert to me! as moby once said, "yeah, i would stand in line for this." aaaaand now that's in my head as well!
then there's the lady who thinks it's her job to make mountains out of mole hills and "explain" things in the worst, most round-about manner possible...
morning kittens. some people must have more money than they know what to do with if they decide not to hand in timecard from when they were first hired(12/12/2016 was the hire date). i finally just got them from the site admin, who finally got them from the guy.
then there's me, dealing with all kinds of incompetence and bs. it a this kind of day: https://youtu.be/d-b40lzcda8
@zem, thats normal to me, but i'm far from normal... ;)  when i was single, one of my favorite things to do when i got home what throw on my headphones and sit in a darkened room just listening for an hour or so, it was a great way to relax, and beat back the bs of the day!
good morning kittens!
that's normal, though, right? i'm sure most people can relate.
that moment when you leave off on homework because it's really difficult and it's getting very late and you need to go to bed. ... so you bring up a 43 minute piano concerto by rachmaninoff and are up an hour later.
geist, it's 60 there? finally, you get the sun and we get the snow! nature got it the right way round this time! although, that usually means you'll have snow in a few days, so...
@gm: you should tell that person in gentle terms what your office hours are and in future they should only send questions/inquires during those times. then tell them to shove it. ;-)
i also get requests for employee numbers when i haven't even received new hire paperwork. sometimes, they ask before the guys have even finished filling out the paperwork in the divisions office. people really have no patience, and think we have everything magically done by reading minds that are thousands of miles away.
@gm, its always the way.  people leave me voicemails over night, and then i get calls at 7:01 asking why i haven't responded yet... i start at 7, i haven't even logged into the computer yet, let alone taken off voicemails.  worst part, is my voicemail message specifically says, don't leave me a voicemail... sigh.
is there some way to make people learn to have patience? i get an email at 7am(i'm not even out of the house at that time!) then less than an hour later, the person emails the controller because i haven't responded yet. it takes me about an hour to get to work on a normal day.
@geist, that sounds like a great work day! congrats!  they are tearing our office appart right now, some major renovations going on. which will be cool when its done, but is annoying as all get out right now.  its very hard to concentrate, and i don't need any help in distracting myself... doh!
morning kittens. today might be a good day. the thorn in my side is working from home today. plus it's fixing to be 60 degrees so that is a bonus too.
it's amazing how much today feels like a monday because yesterday felt so much like a sunday to me. isn't that just what everyone wants? a week with two mondays! i'm the envy of every working/schooling person ever!
@geist, sounds delicious! and no headache (which is normal with rum, lots of sugar) to boot! awesome!
@lz, couldn't be happier for you! huzzah!
morning kittens!
hooray! i'd put the "everything is awesome" song here if i didn't hate it so much!
congrats lz!
everything is awesome!
@bakhan: actually it was a premixed drink called a hurricane. it had lots of rum in it. made me a happy tipsy drunk last night. i just wish i was about to sleep it off today. no headache though so that was a plus.
@geist, ouch, that sounds painful! did the wild turkey getcha?
afternoon kittens. note to self: rot gut liquor should only be consumed on the weekends.
ah, delightful tuesdays, when i get to wake up whenever the heck i darn well please (unless that happens to be after 12:00)! the one day of the week when i can be fairly certain i'm getting enough sleep and can finally break a full week streak of maxing out at 5 hours of sleep! and then only have 1 class!
@gm, you need to pull out your best grandpa from the lost boys impression: "rules! we've got, rules here!"
morning kittens. instructions are hard to follow apparently. -.-
morning kittens.
yeah, that channel usually finds some pretty interesting topics to come up with.  funnily enough, i actually knew them long before they had a youtube channel, then one of my favorite channels teamed up with it out of the blue!
interesting video, zem
sorry i didn't check in all day, i guess that's what you get when in your only free hour in the morning you have to go register your car with parking and after a full week of 5 hours max of sleep every night (consecutive hours at least, not counting 5 hour naps and then 5 hour sleep) you decide you really need to catch at least an hour to focus on anything.
birthday at the oncologist's? sounds like a sequel to what about bob or something. ` also, happy birthday! which just so happens to be the exact same as my dad's birthday, whom i'll be going to celebrate tomorrow as well. ` furthermore, on the subject of dicks, you were close, lz, but not quite, as to why richard became synonymous with dick. this video explains it much more nicely and succinctly than i could hope to. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
happy b-day lz! hope everything goes well tomorrow!
thanks, guys! i'm hoping for fantastic news from the oncologist. that would be the best birthday present ever!
happy birthday lz! may you get no squash or zucchini in your plate. (for that day at least)
did you ever have a boss that could talk for hours about everything and nothing?
@lz: well, happy early birthday(incase i forget, and with the way this day is going, i probably will forget). and condolences on the sushi(i'm allergic to most seafood, so that is something i always avoid no matter what).
in other news, i get tomorrow off for two reasons: 1) it's my birthday. 2) it's my first follow-up appointment with the oncologist. i get to have an mri and get the results tomorrow. then, the mrs. and i are going to get all-you-can-eat sushi.
what the hell, ks?! i don't know why pushing the hyphen key made you think i was ready to post the comment. anyway, spare the kid saying, "my name is emily, but it's spelled e-m-m-a-l-e-i-g-h, and the l is capitalised, but it's all one word."
i'm not saying this is a bad thing...just annoying for payroll when you get half assed information, but the families that have 7 generations of the exact same name(usually i find it's the hispanic community that tends to do that the most, but there are cases of others that do it).
no joke. i also get tired of all the "creative" name spellings. my attitude is spell it the way it's supposed to be spelled to help your kid avoid a lifetime of saying, "my name is emily, but it's spelled e
a lot of parents should need to pass an iq test before naming their kids(north, apple, blanket, whatever else celebrities are naming their poor children these days - those are just a few examples).
i think i know how dick became short for richard. it has to do with poor penmanship and old english calligraphy. the capital r looks a lot like a capital b or d, and a lower-case h could easily be mistaken for a lower-case k. so, someone with poor handwriting writes a document for a guy named richard, but the guy goes by rich, and wants that name to appear on the document. someone notices that the name looks like dick and starts calling him that as a joke and it sticks. on a related note, i went to school with david head. his older brother's name was richard. david's younger sister told me that richard never went by dick. my older sister, who went to school with richard, told me that he absolutely did go by dick. he thought it was hilarious that his parents hadn't thought his name through very well.
@gm: or you accidentally activated your time machine
wow...major case of deja-vu just now. word for word email that i swear i sent in june last year.
note to self: cat cafes are a great place to lounge, not so great to work. the kitties kept distracting me.
@gm, nothing that happens in bc surprises me... ;) damn hippies! (to be read in a cartman voice) ;)
i knew a guy named richard, last name hare (pronounced hair).  we just called him richard... ;)
@geist: or richard, typically people named richard go by dick(not sure how that started, could be based on their personality originally...)
@gm: so you are saying that in certain parts of canada, you can't use the nickname william in a sign or billboard?
...apparently ks wanted to eat that comment.
did you hear about the bc fish and chip shop that is being refused a lease in a building in vancouver? all because of their name has an "offensive" word in it(they are called moby dick).
morning kittens. what a rainy, dreary day. i was thisclose to calling out and staying in bed.
did you hear about the bc fish and chip shop that is being refused a lease in a building in vancouver? all because of their name has an "offensive" word in it(they are called moby dick).
morning kittens.
this weekend was too short. meaning not 4 days like last weekend. and in the past week, there's only been one day where i got more than 5 hours of sleep, and that's only because of a 5 hour nap the day before which kind of counted some as sleep.
morning kittens!
i'm having a real hard time believing this raising cane's peel-lottery thing promotion is really 1/3 odds to win a free chicken strip or toast, etc. i've won 8/10 times. i should have lost 16 times to balance that out, but i'm 80% now, not 30%. i feel really sorry for whoever has to balance out my wins.
i've never been to a cat cafe, i'd love one. it combines cats and coffee, two of the best things on earth! i haven't been to dc in several years, though.
@geist, yikes! ;) that cafe sounds awesome!
@lz: lol i'm working at the cat café now. so peaceful here. i'm going to see if i can work here at least once a month. any corp members coming to d.c., i will take you to this place. i think you will love it.
it's a good thing they did, too. after all, we can't have people exercising their rights to freedom of speech and assembly when herr trump is being sworn in!
morning kittens. happy doomsday. did you know that there was a demonstration in front of the building where i work? 300 strong and more kept showing up. they were burning trump hats and chanting slogans. i took some pictures and left. good thing i did. the cops ended up tear gassing the street to force the demonstrators to leave.
good point. though i had a person who knew all about the walls coming down, so all i had to go through was just an inch or a little more of drywall. so lz, if you need to punch a wall, find someone who knows where a good place is to punch it!
@zem, i had a friend who punched through some dry wall.... hit a hidden electrical junction box and sliced his hand all to hell, 15 stiches i believe.  you never know who has hidden what behind it.  i find screaming/yelling is much preferable to stiches, imo. ;)
@lz, good call with the crow bar! ;)
morning kittens!
i dunno, i punched through a drywall wall that was going to be taken down and it didn't cause much damage except for the time i didn't mentally prepare and so didn't punch properly. just so long as it's a dividing wall and not an external one with something behind it. and you don't hit a stud... ` but really? why'd they leave? that's so dumb. and yeah, it took so much for you just to fill it just for that to happen?
i know. i wasn't actually planning on doing it. if i did, i would use a crowbar, though.
@lz, don't hit inanimate objects, the only one who gets hurt is you! ;)  you don't need stiches or broken bones do you? ;)
yeah, i kinda want to put a hole in a wall right now.
@lz, damn, i know it was hard to get that person in the first place... sorry bro!
tfw the person you just freaking hired quits without notice...
@geist, lol! here's a link: http://www.travelpage.gr/companies/11400.htm sadly the actual webpage is down right now, but this gives a good look.  it even shows his creepy ass statues that were outside in the alley, what he called, the lovers... ;) oh, and the rock star book that he has, even has a picture of misty and myself! ;)
haha, geist. i guess that's what job security feels like?
happy weekend, gm! i know how that feels, and i'm really jealous right now. just one day and a little more left today to go...
be careful what you wish for. the work load has been light for the last week and i was worried about that. (i don't want to get laid off again) silly me. the people were just holding stuff on their desk. we are getting slammed with invoices now.
@bakhan: thanks for the heads up. i'll stop by that store when i get to visit greece. i love stores like that. they are always by independent mom and pop stores and you know how much i like to support them.
@gm, congrats bro! i wish!
morning kittens. it's friday(for one of us at least)!!!!
@geist, i'll pass that along to her! she loves that kinda stuff for sure! when we were in greece, five years ago, we went to a shop there called remember (lol, how could you forget) and they had a ton of stuff like that.  i got a cool pair of shoes, and misty got a really cool skulls & roses pin up dress.  neat store, but creepy owner! next time you're up, i'll tell the story, too much would be lost in the text otherwise! ;)
morning kittens!
i'm like garfield in many ways. i'm chubby, like lasagna, orange (wait a minute...), and hate thursdays, the day i have to wake up the earliest.
morning kittens.
tell them to send it 3 separate times, once using a different email service if necessary, just to be sure. then they shouldn't have any excuse.
@bakhan: i found the name of the website that misty might like. http://www.tragicbeautiful.com/
zem, my manager has asked three times for them to forward the original email they had sent to us with the documents in them. they still haven't sent them, though they are saying that they have.
gm, i don't know why they'd do that, but i really hope they're not. though technology issues that might cause issues for as long as you use that software isn't a much better alternative either.
oh my gosh it's warm today. it's over 50! during the summer, this would feel like a little over 80, but it's not supposed to be warm. a jacket was a bad idea. ` man, i hope it's just from sleep, but i actually have a headache today, had it all day. i don't get headaches pretty much ever, so even though it's not a serious one, it's still almost as annoying. i wish i could go back to myself last night at 11 pm and kick myself in the butt and tell me to go to bed.
there is another theory floating around the office of the person not forwarding them at all, even though they say they are.
@gm, that just sounds like a nightmare! it better fix it, or down grade to the earlier, more stable version.
morning kittens. nothing like finding more and more emails that you never received(and need) in the email folders you shouldn't have to look through because someone is supposed to forward them to you.
@geist, yes, mother nature is a cruel mistriss!
@bakhan: the spring like weather feels like a tease from mother nature. just as soon as i get use to wearing short sleeved shirts, she switches it up.
@geist, yep the heat wave is up here too!  it was 45f here yesterday!  the only problem is all the slushy melty snow everywhere, its hard to keep your windshield clear! ;) i'll take it though!  i hope all the snow melts! die snow, die!
morning bakhan. how is the weather up there? we are almost spring like here. there is hardly anyone in the office because most folks are working from home. it's so peaceful and quiet. i wish it could stay like this.
it's one of those days, when you can't wait for a nap even when you just woke up.
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. sorry for the radio silence yesterday. i was in the middle of a payment run and those days are chaos.
@gm: considering what is going to happen on friday, i wouldn't rush to get to the weekend just yet
how about saturday for me as well? is anyone taking our order?
@gm, i'm totally fine with it being thursday for you, as long as it can be friday for me... ;)
morning kittens. can it be thursday already?
good morning kittens!
@geist, well, you kept mentioning that you wanted misty's help with it, so, i just thought that was the way you wanted it.  a lot of times, i can come across like a know it all, or a person who sticks their nose into everything, and i didn't want to look like that to you! also, i thought your costume looked great, i mean, you were a ghost right? ;)
wait, new sherlock holmes movie? i didn't know there was a new movie. ` also, morning? oh shoot, i guess that's what i get for having a day off due to ice here. 5:20. i really should go to bed then.
@bakhan: you mean to tell me you could have helped me trim my costume? i am embarrassed about how ragged it looked.
morning kittens. what an exhausting weekend. 3 days of sewing class, a burlesque show and then off to the movies to see the new sherlock holmes movie. i was so busy that i had to cancel some stuff because i couldn't make it. now all i have to do is prepare for the ruling dictator.
wow, i decided randomly i was bored of spore for now and went to cnes, and got there 4 minutes before it closed due to the ice! that was lucky! unfortunately... dang it, i didn't win something from the cup lottery promotional thing! 6/7 times in a row, and i suddenly lose my streak. oh well, it's like they say: 6/8 ain't bad.
whoops, haven't checked in here yet somehow! no classes today because of some guy from the 50s or 60s or something, and none tomorrow because of major, major, terrible ice everywhere!  seriously, even i slipped and fell once last night when i went out. of course, i was being stupid and knew i'd fall, but other than that, even i was sliding all over! it's so bad out here!
@geist, that sounds like it was fun!  i'm actually pretty good at sewing.  my biggest claim to fame was being able to make adjustments on one of my wife reversable dresses and getting the seams to line up properly! i also have altered a few of her dresses to have lace backs instead of zippers.  i also made her a spider costume with stuffed legs, sewing that fake fur stuff is not easy! ;)
@lz: i took a sewing class back in 2009 but they didn't teach a person why we did the techniques to make the project were so important. that is why i never went back and took another class. this class was being taught by a master seamstress so she has been wonderful in helping with our sewing technique. plus she will let us contact her to ask for sewing advice.
geist, that's cool. i took a class in jr high that taught business, shop, sewing, and cooking. i found the sewing to be the most difficult thing. i probably made around 1,000 mistakes on the bag and shorts that i sewed. the only things i've sewn since then have been neck ties. i have mad respect for people who can do a good job of sewing.
there it is. i have to do a financial analysis on the projected profitability of bringing fit testing in-house using extrapolated sample volumes. it has to be done before 8:00 tomorrow morning.
afternoon kittens. i completely forgot that not everyone has this holiday off. what a busy weekend i had. i have spent the last 3 days at a sewing boot camp. 10 to 6 hours each day. i am exhausted. but i did manage to make some pajamas pants. guess what pattern i got? sugar skulls, of course.
@lz, nothing ever goes wrong, come on man! challanges present themselves... ;) mmmmyeah, right! ;)
and we're back at work! nearly caught up, too! ...until something goes wrong
@bakhan: i'm kind of sitting here "dancing" as i stretch my arm while working...pretty sure people think i'm crazy(even though they can hear my music if they come into my office...which is blood by sonata arctica right now), but it's helping my shoulder, so i don't care.
@gm, sorry to hear that, hopefully some streches can help that out! ever since i had to start wearing a breathing mask, i haven't had that issue, i can really only sleep in three positions now.
morning kittens. nothing like a night where you can't fall asleep for the longest time, so you sit there reading for a bit only to realize it's 1:30am. then you finally do sleep, but in such a weird(i don't even know how i got into that position!) way that parts of your body ache.
@geist, i think i may have been saved, most of those heels are too tall for her.  i guess that style hurts her feet.  whooo, dodged a bullet there! ;)  i'll pass along those other sites though, so i don't think i'm out of the woods yet! ;)
good morning kittens!
hmm, i'm actually a bit disappointed with the new sherlock episode. it was well done, but shat on the source material and was (at least to me) pretty predictable. although it did make me want to get my 2-volume collection of every sherlock holmes story and novel and burn through it again. if i remember right, i only ever even mostly predicted one of those.
then why does it say there're currently 109,110 including your comment? oooooooohhhh!!!
morning kittens. looks like i got comment 109,109. :-)
best part of a 3 day weekend? proving that 2 36 hour days are the same as 3 24 hour ones without messing up your sleep schedule too much because of the extra day buffer to get back to earth time.
mmm, i now have a way to make bacon in my dorm! best gift ever! though i imagine if it's found out, i'd be in trouble, so don't tell my ras. please. i'll give you some bacon! no, don't!!! you tricksy jerks, extorting me for bacon. dang it, i should have thought this through.
i get the feeling bakhan just told his bank his identity was stolen and they should put a hold on his account preemptively because of what he saw might happen if she found out about all that stuff.
@bakhan: lol! i believe i told her some of the sites that i like to visit each week. she also might like: http://www.perpetualkid.com/ http://www.shopplasticland.com/ there is another site but the company is located in australia. i still get emails from them to my old account. i'll search it and post the link here.
@geist, in fact, she probably doesn't need to know about that site at all... you've seen the crazy we've got going on!
@geist, no, not at all.  she would totally hate those, trust me.  i wouldn't even bother telling her about them if i was you.... does a bear crap in the woods? ;)
@bakhan: look at what i found. think misty would like this? http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/jiou/
@geist, what? wasn't that the whole point? lol! oh well, i'll have her send some, many were taken, trust me! ;)
hey, canada, can you send some snow our way? if you do, i'll send you that video of me face-planting in a snow pile i promised when you missed out on the facewash! at best, we had like a quarter inch of snow, so i couldn't do it then.
you know that giant winter storm coming through? yay, snow!!! wait, what's that? no snow? only freezing f****** rain? oh goodie. and a ton of it! and then after having no snow but being below 20 for a week, we get ice and 40s for the next week? that's exactly what i want! too warm, with it melting the ice every day and refreezing it overnight! oh boy! ` christ, i'm glad i wasn't planning on going anywhere this weekend. why can't we just for once have snow and cold enough to keep it, rather than insta-ice? i like snow. nature is officially ******* with me now.
@bakhan: yep. sure did. i will saw a few on my phone and will go through them on my laptop tomorrow. she didn't send me the picture with pumpkin wearing the hat i sent. :-(
@geist, good morning!  did you get those pics from misty? she had mentioned that she had sent you some!
morning kittens!
@gm, yikes! just what you needed, something to make your job harder/impossible! did i ever mention that i hate pc's and microsoft more specifically?  i remember when i had my first pc, it was a 286 and it ran just fine.  loaded on windows 3.0, and everything just s l o  w  e   d    d   o   w     n .   .   .   .   we used to call it the worst virus you could ever get, and did our best to work around it.  now, if you're using a pc, there is almost no way around it.... gd microsoft
morning kittens!
so people did get back to you about some stuff, but you never saw it or knew about it?
found emails from sept(manager approvals mostly) in the deleted items...some of them are still missing, and hopefully it hears back from office 365 support about it.
wow, that's... super helpful. way to go microsoft, that's the feature every email platform is missing!
apparently, if outlook gets over worked, instead of moving emails to the right folder that you dragged them to...it just decides to delete them. i recovered 178 emails that were in the deleted items folder. there are still tons missing, with important documents, and files.
@bakhan: after this week of bs, and next week of bs(re-training on the canadian payroll), i'm glad i have both the fridays off.
@gm, congrats!  i wish! t_t
@zem, funnily enough, theres a guy in our office who has a red stapler, and i always want to steal it so bad!!! ;)
and take her red stapler while she's at it, bakhan? ` geist, see, i knew you'd get along eventually! now you're genuinely wishing her the best of luck in all her aspirations that would take her away from your corner of the office!
morning kittens. happy friday(well, it is for me at least!)
@geist, thats great news! maybe they could move her desk to a spare broom closet and call it an office? ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens. found out yesterday that the chicken who has been acting like an ass to me is training for another position in the company. i truly wish her the best and hope she changes desk.
huh. who'da thought taking a class and then the successive one like a year later would cause problems, such as looking at the homework and being filled with a serious desire to just take a nice, 9 hour nap and sleep through that class tomorrow. whoever said you can't run from your problems must not have tried sleep!
the only bad thing about my habit of putting work off until the end of the day, which is when i'm more focused and feel like actually working anyways not just purely by laziness (okay, up to 80% laziness sometimes), is those times when you realize you have 2 other things to do on top of the thing you already remembered which itself will take longer than you'd thought. dangit, i'd better be able to buzz through this stuff in 1 hour now.
gm, i'm starting to think someone leaked your schedule to the office and told everyone to troll you by waiting till the last hour for every single thing.
afternoon kittens. been a very busy day(with people wanting to change things on the payroll an hour before i have to have it submitted).
aw, your company sucks, lz. i looked, and there were no positions for lazy internet goof-off! however, there was one for "sleep technician". that sounds right up my alley! you have to work nights, but the work space is comfortable and you regularly get 8 hours! is there overtime pay? because i'd be dedicated enough to put in a good, solid 12 hours per day. i just hope they don't mind snoring.
@lz: i checked out the site. sadly, no positions in accounting.
that's awesome, geist!
wiiind!!! ah, the wind! it's over 20 mph, and that's not even between buildings! even i'm almost being blown over! the weather is otherwise nice, but as i said, wiiiind!  ` lz, haha, i remember both of those previous people. the one who tried too hard to be fired and the monogamous interviewee.  ` geist, that's awesome! dang, i wish there was a cat cafe here, much less to be able to work from there! though they can often be expensive, so there's that.
good news! i'll be telecommuting from a cat café on the 20th. i was able to secure a spot at crumbs and whiskers. 7.5 hours of working around a bunch of felines.
my company, on the other hand, has much openings. www.grangermedical.com/job/
sorry, i only had the one opening
morning kittens. @lz: beltsville md is my neighborhood. well well. got any job openings? i'm about sick of this one.
morning kittens! my new hire (finally) started this week! it wouldn't have taken so long to find a replacement for the person i fires way back at the beginning of october, but i offered a job to a delicate snowflake first. she turned it down because *sob* i was interviewing other people! how dare i (me?)! not this lady, though! she uprooted herself from freaking beltsville, maryland to come work for me!
@zem, damn, i know that feeling too! the best thing to do, is try to get ahead of it, if you can.  i find that the closer you are to something, the harder it is to get there.  don't give up, you can do it!  we're here for moral support bro, we got your back!
morning kittens!
2 days. 2 days and i'm already done and can't wait for the nearest break/weekend. thankfully this'll be a 3-day weekend with mlk day. i lasted a full 2 days before losing my mind and getting out of my depth, and one of those days i only had one class (today)! transitioning to this semester in particular for whatever reason was like walking straight into jello and trying to keep walking. no idea why now in particular, but i'm already ready for the semester to be over. well, i do know why, this might be my most difficult semester ever, but still, it shouldn't feel like a baseball bat to the head. and yes, i do happen to know what that feels like.
*no "and" sign, or ampersand.  it just looks confusing as "no and sign"
oh my god, you have no idea how many times i had to redo that comment until it finally sent it. no youtube links because ass. no and sign because ass, even if that's in the name of the comedy group. no brackets (parentheses are perfectly fine though). oh my god, ks, get your crap together. *insert jaws theme* html!!!
screw it, ks, you win. i'm not even going to try, every time i try to send this comment it says "nobody expects the html!!!" ` here, we're again in that awkward moody phase where it warms up above freezing during the day, and then in the night goes well below freezing and makes everything icy. just reminds me of that key and peele sketch: (key and peele black ice) gorram it, kickstarter! i can't even include a youtube link because it's that horrible, dreadful html! but really, it's one of the funniest videos i've ever seen, and tied for my favorite newscaster sketch with cyanide and happiness' the weatherman (cyanide and happiness the weatherman)
test comment to see if i can even comment because every time i try it says "no html hurr durr", like 6 times in a row
@geist, its -6f here but it feels like -17f with the wind chill.  brrrr! its what i like to call, minus everything out there!
it's currently 21 degrees outside. it will jump up to 65 degrees on thursday. just mother nature going through one of her mood swings
morning kittens.
morning kittens!
morning kittens.
@geist, lol, those damn hippies'll use any excuse to get high and march on the wh... ;)
on another note: there will be a smoke in protest on that day. all i have to do is go to a certain part of dc that isn't far from the white house and they will be giving away free joints which they will light up and smoke while marching to the wh. pity i'll be too busy working in a café. or i might actually see if i can get a spot at the local cat café in dc.
@geist, thats a good thing!  you should stay as far away from those crazies as you can!  thats just trouble waiting to happen.  not to mention all the millenial protesters that are sure to be out and stirring it up too.  yep, best to just stay away from all that crazy!
@zem, i couldn't help it!  i'm still thinking about it from last night... i hope my wife understands that there won't be enough leftovers to share... if there's any left when i get home that is... ;)
bakhan, dang it, i have food right here and you still made me hungry!
re: cornbread amen to that. i looooove that stuff. especially when it's hot from the oven and you slather a think chunk of butter on it.
i just got word: due to the insanity that will be the celebration of the upcoming dictatorship, our office will be closed. we are literally two blocks away from the parade route and 5 blocks away from the white house so i will be allowed to work from home. i was gonna ask my boss if i could work remotely simply because i don't want to be around all of the drumpt supporters. i'm pretty sure i'm gonna end up on the news because i ended up in the hospital trying to fight 500 racist sheep.
really wish our new hr director would actually ask us before changing anything. apparently all the site admins, managers, who ever has their hands on paperwork, were all told to just send the items to hr and they would be forwarded to the appropriate people. i am so glad(not really) that i have access to the hr email inbox...lets me find missing paperwork that was never forwarded to me.
that does sound good. i had left over pork loin and some caesar salad for dinner last night.
so in other news, i made probably the best pulled pork of my life yesterday!  i let it slow cook for 7 hours.  worked out beautifully, you could litteraly just mash it with a fork and it came apart so easy!  made some cornbread to go with it!  god i love me some cornbread!
@geist: my sentiments exact.
bdepjfjf...blah.
today is ramping up to be a long, long day. start with a headache, and missing paperwork...definitely going to be not so fun.
morning gm!
morning kittens
@zem, good luck bro! you can do it!
morning kittens!
well, i'm back.  *insert saddest train "woo-woo" possible* i don't know why, but after this break, i feel worse going back to life than most every time before! i'm so reluctant for no reason! just 5 more minutes/months!
thomas, you didn't think we'd just up and abandon this little miracle, did you? i don't plan on leaving this place alone for a long time, at least for idle chit-chat with friends.
the fact that the comment section on here is so active is incredible. hail gareth.
i guess exploding kittens still has one cheek on the throne. most backers.
it's early ... too early! urgh, do people really wake up at 10 am?! buh, it feels terrible. remind me never to get a job or go to work. ;)   then again, going to sleep before 3 could help. but i seem to be here before any of you, making this way early in the morning.
@bakhan: you too...but mine won't start until i gtfo from work....only another 5 new hires to enter. -.-
@geist, oh i know what you were meaning, i just wanted to take an opportunity to turn it around and pay you a complitment! ;) hope everyone has a great weekend!
@lz, thats good to hear!  i'm glad you're finally able to start returning to "normal"! ;)
that's awesome, lz! looks like everything's starting to come back around for you!
geist, i'm sorry you have to deal with a toxic person. i would offer advice on how to make it work, but i really don't have any. i will say, though, that you have my support and you don't deserve to be treated that way.
@bakhan: whoops! i meant she has a type a personality. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type_a_and_type_b_personality_theory
hey lz! glad to know you are back at work. must feel strange to get back into the swing of things.
afternoon, kittens! sorry for the absence; i've been buried in work this week. the good news is that i was able to drive this morning! it's been three months since i've been allowed to do that.
@geist, i think you're an a+ person!  as far as i'm concerned, unless someone has deeply wronged you, theres no reason to be sh*tty to them (as she is with you).  it just makes her come off as petty, and small, definitely not good characteristics for someone looking to get ahead.  i hope that you can get her to see why the rest of us think you're so great!  i hope that you have a nice relaxing weekend!  make some soup! ;)
@gm: if by "foam balls" you mean booze, unfortunately, no. i'd love to leave my desk and go for a quick walk to clear my head but with the work load that we have, that option isn't really available to me.
thanks bakhan. i printed out the article and will read it on the way home. i think the problem is that she is an ambitious a+ person and i'm not. i've done my time in ap. i'm not trying to move up. (i don't like what i do anyway) she also tends to run hot one day and cold the next. one week she is sweetness and light to me and the next week she snarks on everything that i do. this week has been worse than others. when i came in the office she didn't say "morning" like she usually does. all her comments were more acidic than previous months and it rubbed me the wrong way so bad that i started push back. i'm really close to cursing her out. i let my supervisor know several times this week and she swore she would have a word with her. don't get me wrong. the girl does excellent work and i am not ashamed to say it. i was never made for accounting but i've been in it for over a dozen years and i can hold my own pretty well. but i am not the type of person who will let someone just make shitty comment after shitty comment and not say something. like vivica a.fox said recently, "i'm not a punk!".
gm, when you said "do you have some of the stress relief foam balls?", i thought you said stress relief from balls for a second. i thought, "wait, don't most people get some kind of relief from balls one way or another? oh wait..." ;) ` glad to hear you get a temporary reprieve, geist! and on a friday as well, so you get the weekend away too!
@geist, guess it would have helped to include the link... ;) https://hbr.org/2014/10/how-to-deal-with-a-mean-colleague
@geist, i found this interesting, especially the case studies at the bottom of the article.  i think at the end of the day, the best way to deal with a person like this, is to try and see things from thier perspective (no matter how backwards it is), this will help give you insight into how to best deal with them.  either way though, there is no reason that you should need to have to put up with that stuff daily, or repetetively, its bad for you!  if you think you can (without killing her), ask her what her specific issue/s are and maybe there is room for you guys to work it out.
@geist: do you have some of the stress relief foam balls? if so, can always squeeze them until they no longer retain their shape...and i do not condone "accidentally" bouncing them off the back of her head.
morning gm.
thanks bakhan. not sure why she only treats me this way but i've told my boss several times that if she keeps this up, i'm going to lose it and curse her black and blue and loud enough so that half the office can hear it.
@geist, i'm sorry that "lady" has upset you so.  its not fair that someone you have so little regard for has so much control over your feelings.  you deserve better!  at some point you have to see that! hugs from the north!
morning kittens.
morning kittens. the skank who was pissing me off yesterday is working from home. good. now i can work without getting a headache today.
@gamehorder, lol, maybe if they would have had another 200000k backers... this is still the most backed game! muahahhahahaha!
good morning kittens!
you got de throned!
well, then, it's time for innocent office pranks! you came to the right place! ;) ` p.s. i don't condone pranks with a person who will make something minor and fun seem like you were trying to amputate their leg at work or something and try to get you fired for putting those little snap fireworks under their office chair. though it'd be funny as hell the entire time!
sorry for the late greetings kittens. i was stuck all day doing wires. @bakhan: i'd try to kill her with kindness but i'm not very good hiding my emotions. she'd see how fake my "kindness" was in a heartbeat. i loathe this b*tch and today she was extra nasty. i talked to my supervisor again today and told her that if something wasn't done, i was going to kirk out on her. which would get me fired quick. i asked for a seat change and she said she would look into it. don't know why they had me sit beside her in the first place.
bakhan, thankfully the cavity doesn't hurt at all, i guess because it's so small, and isn't in any of the parts of my mouth that have had major pain before, which is weird. i never would have noticed it. and the thing about my friend was moreso that it was funny that he came out and just forgot to tell me for over a year, and he was just like, "oh... i did tell you about that, didn't i?"
i guess you could call saskatchewan out of country...but no, my friend is out of country, his parents are here, just next door in sask.
@gm, same friend?  probably had something to do with her end of things then.  you said she was out of the country?  maybe something to do with that?
my friend also said that she tried texting me.
@gm, no doubt, it almost makes a person paranoid.  how many other calls have i not gotten? >.>
probably...still want to know why. since my friends mom had to have him call me, and his call came through...which he when he found out why i'm house sitting for them.
@gm, just poking fun... it was probably just a glitch.
morning kittens. @bakhan: i'm with telus, and yes, i use an android phone. this is the very first time it's happened. i've always had my phone with telus, and i've always had an android.
@gm, thats weird! what carrier do you use?  also, you have an android phone, don't you?
@zem, sorry to hear about the cavity!  god i hate mouth pain!  in regards to your friend, i long for the day when, we don't need to tell people our "orientation", as in it doens't matter.  imo what happens behind closed doors should stay there, and people should not be discriminated because of it.  i have several gay friends, some you'd never know and others you can tell from accross the room, city, province, etc... ;)  to me its all about good people, if you're a good person, thats all that matters to me.  also, pink eye sucks!  i had it once, and now i wash my hands anytime i'm able, never again!
good morning kittens!
*ending those 20-year streaks both within a week or so during a single holiday break, which is the amazing thing, two streaks i was rather proud of both shot down in relatively calm and peaceful ways. ` i have a habit of having easy, great first examples for major events like those. kind of like how when i got in my first car accident, it wasn't a major crash with injuries and whatnot, i got rear-ended by a person who was rear-ended, so though they hit me several times forgetting what a "brakes" was, i had literally not a scratch.  whereas a giant dent appears in the side of my car randomly without cause while it's just sitting parked in our yard, sure...
dang, today was pretty eventful in the misadventures of micah man.  i was told i finally have my first cavity, though it's so small they nearly missed it and otherwise my teeth were in incredible condition for not having seen a dentist in 2 1/2 years (only coffee-staining) marking the end of 20-year perfect streaks of no close family deaths and no cavities. day 3 of my brother being home after being the second person i know to have gotten pink eye in iowa and generally having to avoid him like he has some kind of contagious disease. my friend told me he came out as bi ... well over a year after actually coming out, he just forgot to tell me. otherwise having a great day, though, fun everywhere. just that there were 3 pretty interesting things happening. dang it, though, school starts next week. woo.
i think my phone is fubared. apparently my mom's friend has tried calling me a few times today, but i have only received one call(my friend, who is on vacation in brazil).
that's really interesting, bakhan, i don't think i've ever known someone to switch back and forth over long periods of time!  i mean, i switched, but so far as i can tell, it was permanent. i was really extroverted in kindergarten, but after all my close friends moved away and i was separated socially from everyone in my class, i just sorta went downhill. but i like it here; it's comfy, and we have good internet.
i often wonder if my own propensity towards introvertism is a fear of regection.  i tend to swing between two extremes in about 10 year cycles.  i go from intro to extro and back and back...  sometimes, i just feel like i hate everyone, and everything, and just want to watch the world burn, and other times, i want to help everyone (even those that don't want help), pitch in and help the community, and hang out with friends and be social.  its wierd, but i'm not consistant, and i don't really know why, other than not wanting to look foolish, or desperate i guess.
@zem: similar to you, i'm primarily an introvert because of how i was teased for a supposedly saying this wrong, though people just don't actually listen.
geist, i'm an introvert because of about 40 people who treated me like shit every single day for 5-6 years straight. i know exactly how you feel.  ` bakhan, that's perfect! haha, now i wish i had someone like that in my life so i could be like that to them, it sounds like so much fun! then again, i'm always positive and think of something funny (it was so hard to keep my morbid humor to myself even at my grandpa's funeral), so i could be the most ingratiating person ever. though yes, there's always someone like that. and they seem even to themselves like they're like that because it makes them feel better, but in reality, they're every bit as sad and angry as they make people, in part because they're like that. after they get used to your ingratiating smile, it may actually even start to make them feel better sometimes. it's always the best to me to get a miserable person to laugh and be positive.
@geist, sadly there are those people out there, pretty much one in every crowd so to speak.  here's a little thing i like to do.  we have a department manager here (not mine) that is just a miserable sob, all the time.  he revels in making people feel bad, or bringing people down, he is a total neg, all the time.  so i decided to kill him with kindness!  everytime i see him, no matter how crappy, burnt out, stressed out or other i feel, i put on a big smile, inject some radio announcer in my voice, and ask him how he's doing.  he hates it, hates it! i won't ever let him see me anything other than cheerful (even if its the last thing that i truly feel).  it ruins his day and the fact that it does that, makes me a little happier!  i turned someone i loathed to see, into someone whom i look forward to seeing! show those nasties who's boss, and don't let the negs get you down!  who the hell are they anyways?  next time that person treats you that way, give him one of those sad smiles that you save for hurt children, or mistreated animals.  show him that you feel sorry for him, pity even, and then ask him seriously (but like a guideance counceler) if he's doing ok, it'll probably kill him! ;)
*sigh* in every office, there is always one person who treats me like sh&t. this is part of the reason why i'm an introvert.
nicely put, bakhan! also, popcorn? maple? brittle? ........ bacon?! make all of it the laws of physics will allow! though bacon doesn't always go good with popcorn, at least however they usually make bacon flavored popcorn. i can't remember if we ever made popcorn using bacon grease, though, maybe that'll work.
morning kittens.
@geist, i have been thinking about it.  i'll try it out and if i think it passes the test, i'll ship you some of that, maybe as well! ;)
morning kittens! @bakhan: how about making some mbb popcorn. much easier to ship and won't cost as much.
also, good morning kittens!
@john, i'm not sure to be honest.  i'm not sure how much over run / protection stock they had made.  i would assume that they probably made 20% more than what was required for the ks in order to cover losses, damages, etc.  so that would mean that there was some where in the range of 220,000 copies made.  assume that half of the extras that they made were directed at the ks, that would leave around 10 000 copies left over.  which would account for the ones that you've seen on store shelves, on the oatmeal, etc.  for the record, i don't see them on amazon (unless i'm just that bad at searching).  honestly, i don't have any hard feelings for them selling off the overage, what else could they have done with them?  throw them out?  that seems petty to me, but if it bugs you that much, why not contact them?  elan is a great guy to talk to!
john, unless the store bought those originally, or even from the extra overstock, i have no idea where they got them, last i heard was what bakhan said about it.
@rod it's also being sold in stores, not just in amazon.  how much is 'limited stock' exactly?  there was this huge shelf jam packed full of them.
@john, ok, i think i've found it, on the oatmeal.  it says that they have some limited stock left over from fulfillment of the ks, and they will be available till they run out. http://shop.theoatmeal.com/products/exploding-kittens-a-card-game-about-kittens-and-explosions-and-sometimes-goats so i guess, you can be a little upset about it, or happy that some other people get a chance to enjoy the crazy.  anyway you slice it though, not everyone will have one, and with as many backers as this had, exclusivity was already not really all that exclusive.
@john, i think someone is having you on.  there is no way to get that version of the game anymore, it was kickstarter exclusive.  the only way to get the box with the sound now is to buy it on ebay.  i did a quick search and there are no "deluxe" versions out there.
ok i'm a little miffed..  just learned that the exploding kittens boxes being sold in stores has the same audio effect as the kickstarter editions.  i thought this was supposed to be a kickstarter-only special effect?   now i just have the same kind of box everyone else has :(
@geist, the hat was perfect, i'm glad that you chose that one, pumpkin is nowhere near chill enough to have dreads... ;)  i was planning on making you some anyways, and this is just a good excuse, plus, you're awesome, mbb is awesome and birds of a feather flock together! ;)  with roux, i normally melt the butter first, then slowly add the flour until it starts to crumb, then turn the heat up to "get the colour".  i love me some creole cooking! ;)
i made some gumbo last night. very tasty. the only part i didn't like was making the roux. that took me a solid 15 minutes standing at the stove and stirring constantly so that i could get it the right color. well worth it though. now i gotta make 2 more soups/stews to store in the freezer and i'm all set.
@bakhan: no reward needed. i had such a great time in calgary. i can't wait to visit so that i can play the zombiecide game. hope pumpkin liked the catnip. i was gonna get her the hat with the dreds attached but i kinda figured she'd had all of that stuff hanging in her face.
@gm, good times with microsoft.... said no one ever! ;)
@zem, maple sugar is more expensive as it is more intensive to make.  we've got it, but finding it at the right price, thats the tricky part. ;)
new year...same bullshit with emails. move emails to the appropriate folder, and can't find them. go through office 365 web app, can't find them(it says that i deleted them...), switch to "offline" mode, and said emails appear.
oh, and happy new year.
morning kittens.
a decent price? wait, you mean it's not literally flowing in the land of milk and maple? there aren't really maple rivers and bacon trees?! nooooo!!! geist, we have to go now to s̶t̶e̶a̶l̶ ̶  s̶a̶v̶e̶  liberate the maple!
@geist, that ox tail soup sounds amazing! misty is going to email you some photos of pumpkin in her trapper hat!  as soon as i can find some maple sugar at a decent price i'm making you some mbb, and thats a fact! ;)
good morning kittens!
you mean 25th? even on the 26th is stretching it! actually, it should only be legal to play it the week prior to christmas at the very most.
can we agree to pass a law that no businesses are allowed to play christmas music after december 31st?
what adverse weather? usually you get the midwest's leftovers, but all we're getting is a bit of rain today and being in the 20s all week here! i want what you got! where's santa, does he do weather too?
morning kittens. or those of you who don't have a hangover this morning. ;-) i rang in the new year snug in bed and then spent part of sunday making oxtail soup. trust me, it is sooooo good. gotta make two more soups (one to eat and one to store) by the end of this week and then i'll feel ready for any adverse weather that hits my region.
happy new year! whoever put the bullet in the back of 2016's head deserves a bonus.
you too bakan! give pumpkin a scratch behind the ears for me.
happy new year! hoping all the best for all my kittens!
okay, that wasn't too bad, lz. i still don't trust it. it might reach out from the grave. thankfully even the year succumbed to its own curse!
happy new year kittens. may 2017 be better than last year. or at least survivable.
2016's last victim: william christopher (father mulcahey from m*a*s*h)
aw, haha. now time for all the other classics you can't be too sure they're old enough for? my parents didn't let me see lord of the rings until i was like 10. don't make that mistake. ;)  too much time lost when you could otherwise be thinking of epic fantasy battles in the prime of your imagination!
lz, on christmas, we got probably the equivalent of over a foot of snow in rain. unfortunately, it was 10 degrees above freezing, and we haven't had a white christmas since 2009 i believe. it's depressing to me, to be honest, and probably 85% of christmases before that (that i was around for) were white. no snow at all, and rain to rub in that point this year.
i got tired of the begging, so i let little lz (but not littlest lz) watch jurassic park tonight. he got scared at some parts, but not nearly as much as i thought he would. bear in mind that what he got is as close to the theater experience as you can get at home, what with our 160+ inch screen and surround sound system...
we got about a foot and a half on the night of christmas eve and morning of christmas.
lz, huzzah! that's awesome! well, i'm betting it's that great now that it's over-with! ` geist, first true storm? we only had like an inch or two ever so far, and it only stuck around for a day or two.  how am i supposed to rub my face in the snow for bakhan if we don't have enough snow to begin with?!
@lz, huzzah! i'm so glad to hear to that! yay!
congrats lz!
afternoon kittens. i am enjoying my day off. we even had some snow flurries this morning. i am not ready for the first true winter storm.
this day over yet? love when people bypass the person who actually handles the payroll, and go to someone else who has no idea what goes on with it.
indeed. i gotta say, these have been the longest 7 weeks of my life!
morning kittens. @lz: that is a good morning(sort of...sucks you're still going through that, but good that it's almost over, right?).
and in a week, i'll be allowed to drive again!
it is a good morning! in just a few minutes, i'll be on my way to my very last radiation treatment!
@zem, yes, i know, i just wanted to use my 80s horror movie analogy. ;)
good morning kittens!
that reminds me that i found out today my 86 year old grandma knows black sabbath. she may not like them at all, but my dad made dang sure she knew who they were when he was a teenager in the late 70s! ;)
"i like how..." as in "i think it's kind of funny how...". i did say we're all paranoid, which is only a good thing in the form of a black sabbath song.
@zem, you like that? 2016 has me feeling like i'm in an 80s horror movie and i'm walking backwards into a dark and scary room!
i like how now that the year is coming to a close, we all have a paranoid close eye watching 2016 waiting for it to reveal the ace in its sleeve just before midnight. ;)
lz, oh, oh god, please don't say tom osborne is next! that'd be a huge tragedy for nebraska! he's done so much for university/-ies of nebraska sports; all of them even, not just football!
you would think that with 90% of the office gone, we'd have an easy week. quite the opposite. so glad i will be off tomorrow.
yes, he was the head coach of byu football for many years. i'm not a football (or sports in general, except hockey) fan, but the guy was a utah celebrity.
@gm, thats cool, i figured as much... ;) have fun bro!
@bakhan: also, i'll take a pass on nye. i got word from some friends i haven't gotten to talk to in a long while that they are going to be online nye, so i'm going to stay home, and chat with them and play games with them.
@gm, i didn't either, i guess he's an american college football coach, well thats what goggle says anyways...  regardless, 2016's just crusin for a brusin!
@lz: no idea who that is.
for anyone thinking of switching to office 365...don't! we have way too many issues with it here at work. my manager can see some emails, but i can't. i create a folder, then three weeks later it appears. ever since the company went the "technologically advanced" way of doing that, we have had major issues.
and now 2016 has taken lavell edwards.
morning kittens.
@zem, i'm serious, if 2017 knows whats good for it, it'll play ball.   i'm done taking sh*t, and i'm sure everyone else is too!  although, tbh, i am expecting it to be a hard year, especially for my wifes family.  i really hope not but, her grandparents (who are amazing) are turning 90 next year, and that is always a pretty big question mark.  i have to hope for the best though, living in fear is something i refuse to do! ;)
good morning kittens!
yeah, i was kind of hoping they'd just leave leia out, but sure, they just had to throw her in for a second. oh well, it was a great movie! and vader has the best one-liner of all the star wars movies!
they killed han because that was one of ford's conditions for returning to the role. carrie fisher had finished all of her filming for episode viii. the big question is how they'll handle ix, assuming leia was supposed to be in that one. but, look at what they did for leia and grand moff tarkin in rogue one...
no kidding, lz. probably from the stress and shock of carrie going so suddenly. but now for something i've been wondering for a couple years now; what about star wars? how are they going to explain her absence, especially so suddenly? they got rid of han solo because ford really should have died years ago and might at any minute, i'm sure that's why, it's what i'd do. plus, he probably didn't want to worry about the movies too much anymore. but carrie is still in it last we saw. dump a bucket of blood on her? (get it? sorry, couldn't resist.;) ` ` now we need to just make a safeguard around betty white. seriously, if 2016 is rounding up for a big hurrah, she'd be the big climax of the deaths. anyone have death's number? we need to make a deal.
dang, bakhan, way to up the expectations! 2017 is going to end up a drunk with that much weight on its shoulders, trying to get rid of all that stress! i say 2017 should just lay back and take it easy, no expectations, just a nice break.  one can hope.
what the hell, 2016?! first (but not really) carrie fisher, and now debbie reynolds (probably)? give that family a break!
someone just kill this year....and change the higher ups minds to make it so there isn't so much crap going on in the spreadsheet i use to load the hours, which caused 5 people to not have 1 week of their hours be loaded.
@zem, me okay? i'm saying that 2017 will be that much better! you hear me 2017?!!!!
wow. why was 2016 almost universally such a bad year?! though who's to say 2017 will be that much better?
morning kittens. @bakhan: it most definitely can. especially since once it's done and buried, i won't be running a payroll every week, it will be every second week like it should be.
also, 2016 can suck it!  i can't wait to put a nail in its coffin in three days! your turn 2016, your turn to die!
@zem, i'm sorry for your loss.  having been present for my fathers passing, i agree, i don't know why anyone would want to be there either.  my father was in an induced coma, so i wasn't able to talk to him, other than to say, goodbye, and thanks for being my dad.  i get that some people need to see thier loved one passed, in order to be able to accept it and move on, i'm definitely not one of those people.  i say, better to remember them while they were alive and happy, those are the memories that you want to keep.
@geist, misty and pumpkin don't get back until tomorrow, but i'll make sure that we get some picks of her in her new hat and playing with the cat nip! ;)  i sent misty picks of all the stuff and she does really love the sugar skull (i even hung it on the christmas tree!), i can't wait for her to see it in person as it is very spectacular! the best way i could describe it to her was, "it's totally legit!".  thanks again, so very much!
morning kittens!
morning kittens
anyways, that's a bit of a graphic rant, but you may be able to relate well. as i mentioned, i'm not bad off at all, but i feel like i'm in that awkward stage when you're missing a tooth but don't remember it, and so your tongue bumps into the empty space and is really surprised for a second to remember something's missing. ` so if anyone's up to feeling really bad, here's a list of most of them, sans-harambe. ;) http://people.com/celebrity/stars-we-lost-in-2016/prince-57 the one that really surprised me: merle haggard?! i forgot about that! i thought we were just beginning to think he and mick jagger and a few others had discovered immortality!
and just as i was about to hope 2016 had taken its (hopefully) last victim, my grandpa. first of any person close to me to die, making my 20 year perfect streak slam into a wall. cancer? twice, nothing on him. heart attacks? 2 or 3 and he's still puttering around. pneumonia on top of side-effects from a drug he doesn't need anymore but was told to keep taking, an unknown virus, and residual effects from a brain injury? finally caught up with him.  ` don't worry about me, i was okay, i don't have a problem with death really. but being stuck in a hospital room room with up to 15 other people and him for 9 1/2 hours after taking off his bipap as he gasps his way down slowly, watching as my grandma is tortured waiting as he finally takes his last gasp, struggles for a few moments, my aunt says she can't feel a pulse, her sister breaks down, my grandma can't take it, and even my dad who didn't cry at his only incredibly close best friend's funeral giving a eulogy start to tear up as my grandpa starts to look like a feral ghoul from fallout 4? that might stick with me just a bit. i tried to leave, but couldn't ever make it even with a perfect opportunity. why does anyone want to be there for that?!
yep. 2016 is officially the worst year of the century
*sigh* confirmed. i think i will spend new years eve with my head under the covers. i've had enough of 2016.
what! she died?! i hadn't heard that. damnit. i was really hoping that she would make it.
geist, i was asking if anyone had heard the news that she didn't pull through.
wells fargo? bah! i'm surprised they are still in business after the fake accounts scandal that rocked them a few months ago. why would anyone want to have an account there now?
@lz: i did. i hope she pulls through. 2016 has taken too many talented folks.
i agree
@lz: i just saw that(while i was on hold with wells fargo). 2016 can just go away already.
also, did you all hear about carrie fisher? terrible shame.
there is no christmas eve eve. that's just silly. it's christmas adam!
@gm: you don't? ;-) i think they asked you because your access to personal employee information would give you more insight than the regular person? that is the only answer i could come up with.
up until a few hours ago, not bad. back at the grind, with people asking questions for specifics about what's going on at the branches(because i apparently must have cameras everywhere in the company to see what happens in texas).
howdy gm. how was your holiday?
hi kittens. merry late christmas.
@creeper: i can imagine how busy the christmas holiday is in new york. you'll probably be even more exhausted now that new year celebrations are gearing up.
also, i hope misty liked the ornament. i packed it was well as i could so it wouldn't break. thank you both for making my first trip outside the united states so much fun! i look forward to partying again next halloween.
@bakhan: i'm glad the package made it to you. it was only after i walked away from the counter that i realized i might not have put enough tape on the box, lol. did pumpkin like her hat and catnip? can i haz a picture of her wearing it?
i've been wanting to talk for awhile, but december kicked my booty.  hope you're all doing well.
how have you guys been??
@geist, geist!!! i just got home and there was a package waiting for me! thank you so much! looks like i've got a batch of mbb to make up! it really made my and misty's day! christmas is normally a down time for me, and this really made my day! thank you so much! you are truly an amazing person! big bear hugs from canada!
same to you creeper!
stopping by over here as well!  merry christmas, happy hanakkuh!!
though i've never understood why coal is a bad gift, especially from when most christmas traditions come from. coal would have been a very practical gift!
nope, santa just skipped over us his year. apparently my family decided to give him a rest from all the hassle of at least one house this year. nah, just kidding. we decided to give my brother some more sleep (his schedule is crazy. he works nights and was out won't have been in his bed from, i believe, saturday morning to monday morning, because he went with us to our grandparents, worked overnight, is here now for our christmas, and works tonight, then he can actually sleep tomorrow at 6 am) so we haven't opened presents yet.
merry christmas! i hope none of you got a  lump in your stockings this year. for some odd reason i got a sack of it. pretty sure this was meant for donald trump.
merry christmas kittens!
merry christmas as well!
okay, now merry christmas eve!
merry christmas! eve! eve!  aw, dangit, you beat me to it! oh well, it's still a holiday to me!
morning kittens. happy holiday/christmas eve eve.
@gm: with me i'm butting heads with the guy who is suppose to check my work before it gets approved for payment. he keeps finding all kinds of problems and i keep telling him i'm only typing in what people are submitting. if they are supposed to have certain codes and descriptions, then the whole thing needs to go back to them for correction but this guy doesn't want me to do that. he wants me to do the corrections. that will slow us down and cause us to miss payment runs. then people will get really angry. when i present this scenario to him, he keeps saying "i don't know what to tell you". it's like talking to a brick wall.
@geist: you're not the only one. people are going back on the rules they themselves set, causing me to do a rush check run today.
*sigh* i want this week over with already.
yeah, gm. well, now it is. i spent a good chunk of the day making christmas snacks with my mom and brothers, and then my brothers and i went to omaha to a really cool game-coffee-house place and played a few games there with some friends, most notably settlers of catan, which i tied for winning (due to time, we just looked at who had the most points). it was a pretty good day!
is the day over yet?
sounds like a plan!
chin up lz. sounds like the treatment is working and you'll be back to your old self in no time. i'm already looking forward to seeing you at kitten con 2 next year.
so far, it doesn't feel like the holiday season. i haven't had the interest to do any of the traditional things
afternoon kittens. howdy lz. good to see you still here with us. how are you holidays going so far?
@lz: only if i can...i really don't want to be at work today and tomorrow(i do have friday and monday off...but then back to work for 4 days, then off for 3).
now that i'm awake, can i go back to sleep?
haha, that's weird. they decided to make it go faster, so they custom-ized it along the way. they had a customs professional on the truck checking them all off as they drove them to cut out a full step.
huh...you would think a package would go through customs clearance before it leave vancouver airport(which is a major international hub in canada), but it's just going through customs as of 1:30am today.
hooray, lz returns! it's so weird with you not being here all the time competing with me unintentionally for top commenter, ;) on the other hand of the coin, i might often be in here much less because i'm off with family.
speaking of work, i feel really good about the things i've done over the last couple of weeks. we were thinking of switching to a different lis (lab informatics system) because it appeared the new lis had more options than our current lis, meaning we'd be able to do more with it and automate some of our manual processes. the change would run us about $100k up front, plus the headache of switching systems and all the bugs that go along with that, and about $1300 in yearly maintenance fees. well, i just learned that for about $2500, we can get our current lis to do everything the new one has to offer, for half the yearly maintenance fees.
well, i can't take it anymore. today was my last day of work until the new year. these treatments are just wearing me out too much. the bright side is that i'll be in here more often because i won't be busy at work.
@zem, yep, you got it.  i find its always the time of year that people can least afford things to fail, that they do.  its a sub clause of murphey's law i think... i normally design heating systems, which to me at least is much better, but when it gets busy like this, with only a three person department, everyone needs to pitch in on the phones.  which is the worst.  in my design practice i have weeded out the lesser desirable customers, and pretty much only deal with professionals (thank god), when it comes to the phone i get everyone calling... arrggg!
i'm bringing a flask to work next week if these people don't go away so that i can breathe.
yeah, bakhan, i've always felt sorry for the heating industry around the holidays, when people bring their families over to see the limits of their systems. that and plumbing on thanksgiving and the super bowl. must be fun times all round! ;)
@geist, i hate that feeling, thats why i basically begged for the time off.  this time of year, with the cold snap that we just had, everyone's heating systems breaking down, so many people needing repair parts, and losing their minds when we run out, or don't have them... yeah, this time of year is the worst, oh and for good measure throw in the holiday stress on top of all of that, combined with less money because of days off without pay... yep, i'm due, so... stink eye right back attcha! ;)
whoo, good thing i got out of college when i did, or else i'd have gotten a stink-eye too! known to ruin days from up to 1500 yards away.
its my last day of work this week! yippie! freedom baby yeah! *gives bakhan the stink eye* i'm stuck at work for the rest of the week and people are pushing stuff through at the last minute. aren't these people suppose to be gone from the office enjoying christmas or something like that?
... should i peek in? every time i do, you guys leave, and at best, one response comes... oh well, a bit late to be considering that now! ;) ` wooo! mannheim steamroller today! can't wait!
well, it is....for me. i have just been looking at the tracking, and it took 5 days to get from scottsdale arizona to vancouver.
@gm, yep, thats canada post as soon as it crosses the boarder.  i hope its not a christmas present...
usps.
@gm, who is the carrier?  canada post, would probably take at least a week... >.>
how long does it take something to get from vancouver to calgary? it left the airport in vancouver, just after 8:30am on saturday.
that's part of the reason i backed it. because of the little ones, it's actually a good game for them to enjoy.
@gm, exactly! thats why it would be so fun, all the laughter at trying to actually hit the other guys bricks, and chaos of knocking your own stuff down at the same time! i could see this being a laugh riot, and also working well for when the little ones come around... ;)
@bakhan: until you get inebriated enough that you're knocking down more of your tiles that the other players were. especially since in the rules if you knock down a tile while removing others that are already down, it gets removed as well.
@gm, i think it would make for an awesome "drinking" game!  so many options, but i think the more inebriated you are, the more fun it will be! ;)
morning kittens. @bakhan: i haven't looked at it too closely, but it looks well made. definitely will be playing it sometime soon.
@gm, congrats! i haven't gotten mine yet, is it awesome?  i was looking for something childish and fun, i think its going to fit the bill!
its my last day of work this week! yippie! freedom baby yeah!
good morning kittens!
morning kittens.
so, war and pieces just got delivered to my house(less than 20min ago)
"nobody tells me nothin'." ` haha, that's an interesting measure of success. you can't call it a day if you didn't boil someone's blood!
@zem: not sure what that video is, since youtube is blocked at work, but one of my aunts, her attitude towards the cancer is she can't give up now because she hasn't pissed enough people off.
just say it like that every time you're the last to hear of something. ` on the very plus side, my clearly canadian finally arrived, right alongside my german food box (my christmas present to my family)! all that's left now is my fidget cube!
gm, eek, that doesn't sound like fun. on the plus side, there's a hot fuzz quote for everything: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@geist, i'm sorry that they make you feel that way! i personally think that people are friendly to you, because you are awesome!  seriously, it can be hard to see from the first person perspective, but, you are easy to talk to, you are more than capable and you're reliable, so i wouldn't take it personally, they just don't trust anyone else to look after them like you do.  as i said, pure awesomeness!
@gm & bakhan: sometimes i think people only are friendly to me because they expect me to put them first whenever they come calling. one woman i've been going to lunch with is on vacation but calls me and only me to go look up an invoice for her. i'm swamped with work and tell her so but she still is expecting me to put everything down so that i can do this task. i don't mind doing it every once an awhile but i'm the only one she goes to. there is a reason why i tend to be an introvert in the office.
@geist: all last week for me. while running the large payroll that requires the most attention. interrupted with "urgent" stuff that was known about(by the people who needed it) a few weeks in advance, but come to me with hours notice or them going into the meeting it's needed for.
@geist, thats my favourite part of the job! i deal with many "special" people everyday... >.>
don't you just love it when people come to your desk and interrupt you like their wants go above everyone else?
normally, yes, but my dad told me there just hadn't been time to bring it up.
@gm, i don't know if its the case or not, but i would chalk it up to your parents trying to protect you from the bad news.  no matter how old you get, you will still be their "baby", i don't think you can blame them for that one bro! ;)
@geist: my dad, when i talked to him after dropping my grandma off after dinner, said that they had only learned about it earlier in the week. and there were many opportunities to mention it, like dinner on saturday when we were all together(well, everyone that lives in the one house). but i've come to accept i'm 99.9999~% of the time the last to learn about anything.
well, for one, they wanted to wait until after christmas to start treatment...she told them no, start it now. her first chemo treatment is wednesday, then in ~9 weeks doing the surgery. the other went the opposite way. had surgery already, and going to be doing chemo soon. so, it's somewhat under control...just not something one wants to learn about at an early christmas dinner.
@gm: did they give a reason why they didn't include you in this bit of information?
@gm, ouch, sorry to hear that man! that sucks bro. hope that everything that can be done, is being done.
@bakhan: normally, i would have, but when it's cancer related news about two of my aunts...that is a different story
@gm, thats when you pretend that you don't even care, you're like oh, everyone knew before me, couldn't a been that important then... ;)
@geist, lol, i know right!?!
morning kittens. nothing like finding something out, that everyone else at the dinner table(this happened last night) knew about for a week or two...and my parents even knew about it)
morning kittens! why are there still people in the office? haven't people started their christmas vacation yet? why do i still have a pile of work to do? i wanna drink from my flask and goof around while getting paid for it. *huffs*
good morning kittens!
ahoy, i couldn't comment because we lost internet for some time and i was gone. it was the weekend, though, so i knew i wasn't going to miss much.
i'm not crying. really i'm not. https://gma.yahoo.com/train-conductor-saves-stowaway-cat-found-frozen-ice-181548956--abc-news-topstories.html
howdy kittens. couldn't post anything because today was a payment run and the usual chaos ensued. the christmas party was nice. all the employees got a gift basket of either wine, chocolate or cheese. i picked the chocolate basket, of course. it's shaped like a suitcase and has lots of sweet and savory snacks. i am now up to my ears in chocolaty goodness. there was a bit of controversy when the temps complained about not getting anything but that wasn't true. at the last minute, the company decided to give the temps a much smaller goodie bag that had a $25 gift certificate to starbucks. i don't think too many of them picked them up though.
bakhan, tomorrow morning it'll be slightly colder than that here because it's finally going to snow 2 days in a row! quite a bit too, so far as i can tell! then... back above freezing for most of next week. i'll enjoy it while it lasts. ;) also, yes, this is the same roommate who dumped the milk. i thought "you know, i could go for some good fast food to celebrate being done!"  while he was dumping: "in fact, that's a perfect idea seeing as i'm not going to want to be here for another day or so. i'm going. now." hmmm... he might want to join me. yeah, he definitely just gagged. "unless you want to come with?" "yes. **** it, i'm going with you. now. *******it, let's go!"
morning kittens.
@zem, roommate's feet, pashaw!  was he the one that dumped the milk?  if so, he deserved every frozen toe! it was minus 6f here this morning.... at least its supposed to be warming up to close to 30f by monday! did i even mention how much i hate the cold?
good morning kittens!
i see your whore's heart and raise you my roommate's feet when we went out to get burgers yesterday (emergency evacuation of the room) and he wore flip-flops!  to make him feel better, i took off my jacket... and thought it actually felt really nice out (under 15 f, by the way), so i left my jacket off and even got a milkshake from the burger place and drank it on the way back!
bakhan and gm, it wasn't my idea! if it were up to me (and not starting to leak), it would have been left in the fridge for someone else to deal with! my only problem is that someone else did deal with it, which is why it was poured out. and the empty container is sitting in the trash, so a very small area still smells faintly of it, and i'm not going to do anything about that because i don't feel like feeling sick right now. i'm weird that way. i don't know why, but spoiled milk is one of the easiest ways to get me to at least come very near to throwing up. i actually usually get someone else to smell a jug of milk that might be bad first because i can't even think about this like i am right now i need to stop!
@geist, thats some scary stuff! hopefully, those that need help can get access to it!  and i agree, it makes a lot of problems seem trivial in comparison.  lots of families out there, one pay check from being homeless!
@bakhan: our mid west has been hit with below zero temperatures and snow. six dead so far. the emergency shelters are full to the brim but there are still tons of people/families that need warmth. makes one very greatful for the comfort that we have. it's not a castle but my apartment is snug, full of food and booze. happy to have those luxuries.
@geist, i'll see your witches boob (lol!) and raise you a whore's heart! ;)  hope that your party makes up for some of the bs they've been putting you through! have fun!
morning kittens. @geist: enjoy the party. @zem: yeah, what bakhan said. best to just throw the container whole into the trash and be done with it...something like that is best left unopened.
morning kittens. it's colder than a witch's tit outside with wind gust that puts the temperature into the single digits. still probably not as cold as canada. :-p it's the office xmas party later today and i will try my best not to get sloppy drunk. no promises.
@zem, why didn't you just throw out the chocolate milk, in the container? some things aren't worth smelling... ;)
good morning kittens!
oh hey, i keep forgetting to post this! https://youtu.be/2oo8qzdhimq…
i realize i probably shouldn't have forced you all to endure that torture. if you read this first, do not read the long comment before the one before this! you will regret it. i gagged just hearing my roommate (who poured it out) gagging.  ... wait, this isn't any better, that's the equivalent of "what happens next will gross you out! (#74 is too funny!!!:p[heart])" and now the gods have deemed you can't not read that simply due to curiosity!
honest abe's, though.... mmmmmmmmmmmm!
uuuuugh. someone left chocolate milk in our fridge a month and a half past expiration, and so we dumped it out today, and even after leaving (immediately after dumping) to get burgers and coming back, the whole place still smells like both very, very bad milk... and freaking excrement out of one end or the other, i don't want to really think too hard on it. wonderful. thank god for hamburgers to act as air fresheners! we were going to watch spongebob, but it smells so bad i just went to my room and shut the door. it's so bad i don't even want to watch spongebob!!! ;)
whoa, that's alot of... wait, no, it's 3:30! dagnabbit, this is what i get for shifting to new zealand time now! ;) at least that's the closest time zone to me i can think of. whenever 4am central is about 10pm or whenever *normal* people go to sleep. and i wake up at about 2-3, also 6 hours ahead of 8 or so am, whenever a normal person wakes up. i need to study these "normal" people. their sleeping habits amuse me.
@geist, we are absolutely planning on another halloween bash, pretty much every year, until we can't... ;) and obviously, we would be super excited to have you back! (even if you do kick our butts in ek!). i haven't gotten to that stage of planning yet with my potential campaign.  i'm still getting quotes on commercial kitchen space, the ins and outs of shipping food products to other countries, supplies, etc.  if i do a video, i don't know that i would want to be in it, i'm not very photogenic, and wouldn't want to scare any potential backers away... ;)
speaking of ks campaigns, are you going to do a video with yours?
@bakhan: if you are throwing another halloween bash next (and i get invited again) i would love to play that game. and another championship round of ek.  ;-)
@gm, that sounds good, and absolutely, if phil wants to come, he's more than welcome!
@bakhan: i definitely will think about it. and when i see phil tonight, i'll also mention it to him incase he doesn't have to work it(though, he likely will, but you never know)
@geist, i have even more painted now, than i showed you when you were up here! i have all of the baddies finish and 14 heros painted now, only 36 left to go!
@gm, oh i get it, you mean today, and your boss. well yes, then there is large amounts of cash involved.  good luck with that, i personally hate, hate, hate, when my boss over promises on something i'm expected to deliver.  i normally go the scotty route, under promise and over deliver, sucks when you just have to try and pull a miracle out of your butt!  when you get done with this stuff though, think about it, cool?
@gm: and risk the chance to play zombieside? move heaven and earth if you have to. i'm going to be so jelly.
it was my manager, promising the site i would get an off-cycle processed, today, for payment friday. as of this moment, i have no idea what i will be able to do as i have about an inch worth of paper all over my desk that i'm wading through, people coming to me for information, requests that i don't even know about, late paperwork, wrong paperwork, incomplete paperwork, and all manner of things that are priority level -5,000,000. i am so glad i'm going out tonight for a drink with phil.
@gm, hey man, no pressure! if you do, you do.  i just think that it would be fun, thats all.  also, personally, i don't let people decide what i'm doing, or tell me what to do, unless there is a large amount of cash involved, or they are my wife... ;)
@bakhan: as of right now, i really don't know. my mind is so scrambled with people promising stuff(that i'm supposed to do) without talking to me first to see if it's feasible.
@gm, hey, did you have new year's plans yet?  if not i'm having some people over for games and good times, and would love to have you join us, if you're interested!
i think i'm going to try the mbb popcorn for christmas time, i'll report back when i do!
@geist, right on! also, the next time i make up a batch of mbb, i'll let you know, i definitely wouldn't need $50, i'll just charge what it costs me, we are friends after all! ;)  the thing with the popcorn, is that if i did launch a ks for the mbb, i'm sure some people would balk at the price, so the popcorn would be a lower dollar offering.  i guess i could do smaller packages as well, i just can't imagine someone not wanting a full batch, it goes so quick!
@gm: isn't that most days?
$18 to $20 sounds reasonable to me. especially since you are combining meat and booze. plus it is easier to ship popcorn than hard sugar which could arrive at their destination all broken to crumbs.
and today started out as a decent morning....then work happened.
@bakhan: so what you are saying is that to get my own personal batch of mbb, i'd have to send you  $50 bucks. *gets out check book and stamps*
@geist, that's kinda what i was thinking.  the raw costs of making one batch of mbb is close to $20.  then add the cost of the production, etc., it brings the cost of each batch up to $28.  meaning that after shipping and some kind of profit (low - very low depending on contingencies) it would mean that i would need to charge about $40 per package (which is about half of a large ziplock bag).  if i was to use it more like a caramel on pop corn, i think i could strech each batch out to 4 - 6 batches of popcorn. which would mean i could drop each bag of popcorn down to $18 - $20 (shipping is a bitch) and still make some profit.  do you think that people would be interested at that price? i might be able to strech the mbb onto more batches as well, i have yet to actually try making it. oh, don't forget those would be canadian prices.
@bakhan: should be just as tasty and easier to ship. plus, a little spread over popcorn should help the bottom line.
@geist, thats awesome! although, i'm not sure pumpkin deserves anything... >.> as she is the worst! ;)  also, what do you think about maple bacon popcorn? ;)
good morning kittens!
the contact email for these issues is still support@explodingkittens.com isn't it? almost certain that's the email you want to use for information. ` also, good morning/night!
@kinch: you are a year late and $40 dollars short. at this point you would have to contact them directly to see if they can refund you or send out another box.
morning kittens. happy hump day.
@bakhan: i just mailed out your christmas card and a little something for misty and pumpkin. you'll probably get it a bit after the holidays. sorry about that.
i backed the campaign with $40 dollars back when it started and never received anything for it. was i supposed to do something to claim it?
oh yeah, i totally forgot about that, i heard about it! absolute bs, but there you have it. another great company dies and is absorbed into a somehow more successful almost-somewhat-similar-in-some-ways company.
@zem: no chance. they stopped all production of anything and everything, sold the majority of their assets, and company, to fitbit. they are literally out of business. oh, and they didn't even get enough money from fitbit to handle all their debt(they only got $40m).
that's good at least, gm! that could have been a pretty bad suckerpunch to a wallet, though it probably would be better to get the watch instead. any possibility of working that out with pebble to get a watch still?
@gm, sweet! congrats!
ah, good news finally! just got my refund for the pebble that i'm not getting.
good morning kittens!
@trinkets: always. late paperwork, missing paperwork, paperwork no one bothered creating(giving a guy a flat day rate in addition to his regular hourly rate). that, and people taking forever to get stuff to us(granted, the new spreadsheet they submit the hours on does require a fair bit more work since they break it down by day, with the job codes on there).
good morning all.  more of the same, eh gm?
morning kittens. good thing i didn't wait around work until i received the final timecard file...as it didn't get sent to me until almost 9pm.
hey, trinkets! how're you? wow, i guess it was empty in here today, huh? i obviously had quite a bit on my mind until a few hours ago, and then other stuff came up, so i never got around to checking back in, kind of like you i guess. hope you will have had a great day by the time this was relevant!
hey gang.  still around. seems like every time i try to hop on in here, something pops up. hope everyone is doing good.
whoa, guess i should have checked in earlier today! ` so, my finals are actually really nice this year! mon, tues, wed all at 6 pm, which makes it super easy to remember and predict. and they go from hardest to easiest, so i don't even have to worry about the super difficult one that comes last this time! only problem is that means i have to worry about the super difficult one today, the only one i'm worried about, but i also from it had 2 days (today and yesterday) to study! so yeah, it's actually pretty nice!
the response i got said it will be applied to the new card, because the bank will see the connection...from a visa with td, to a mastercard with bmo...yup, that's going to happen.
it was set as successful for 5 months, with no emails from ks saying that i needed to update it before. gm: that sounds fishy. they charged your card and want to keep the money by saying that your card was declined.
@bakhan: january is when we start to get the bad weather. the first big snow fall will probably be around mid january. i should have my cabinets full of booze and food by then.
@geist: correct, but it was set as successful for 5 months, with no emails from ks saying that i needed to update it before.
@gm: if your pledge was declined, you wouldn't be getting a refund, yes?
i tried looking for the charge in my statement using the td app...but it doesn't go back that far. so i'm going to look at home(i know i still have that statement)
@gm, so it sounds like you were never charged?  did it show up on your statement?
@geist, well that doesn't sound too bad, except for the straightening out the internet thing, that could be painful... >.>
well...apparently my pledge was dropped(card declined) for the peble2, which was successful for the last 5 months...which means i'm not getting a refund(and support has been emailed, and they better come back with a good reply). this is what i got originally from their support page: unfortunately, your $279.00 usd pledge to pebble 2, time 2 + all-new pebble core has been dropped because your credit card was declined and the payment was not fixed in time. at this point, it's no longer possible to pledge through kickstarter to this project. if you'd like, you can try to work something out with the creator directly. to contact a creator, visit the project page and click on the creator's profile image. this will open up their bio page where you can click the blue "contact me" link to send them a message. i also recommend keeping your eyes peeled for project updates that indicate how to support the project in the future.
re: washington weather we are expected to have are first snow fall this wednesday and friday. light dustings but the only means that people will drive like their are crazy and traffic will be at a standstill. i don't think there will be a run on the grocery stores because the weather man didn't use the word "storm". either way, i'm pretty good on food and booze to last me a few days. still gotta get the internet thing straight though.
morning kittens. another day, another "where's this? where's that? who was that sent to? who planned that meeting for 9:30am, on a payroll processing day?!(this one was the cfo...so can't really complain)"
@geist, yep phone companies suck! ;)  glad to hear about the book fair and the craft fair coming up!  its way too cold here to think about doing anything outside, well at least for me it is anyways.  we are supposed to get a bit of a break this week though.  fingers crossed!
@zem, just breath man, just breath.  its going to be okay, you got a nice break coming up, just keep it in mind! ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens. sorry for the radio silence. last week was nothing but a nightmare. starting with my mobile carrier taking away my number because of some "fraud alert" that mysteriously showed up when i changed my mind on getting internet service through them. i was walking around with a completely different number that i didn't want and was calling different departments to try to get it back. i finally got it switched back on saturday after bringing in a copy of my utility bill and id. then an item that i ordered before thanksgiving never got to me and after several phone calls (on company time no less) i finally figured out that the reason why i never got the package is because the woman put the wrong last name down. my po box rejected it. so now i still don't have the package and i'm waiting for this woman to send a replacement. on the upside, i got visited a book fair and there is another craft fair this weekend that i'm looking forward to.
no, i'm not, thanks for asking. i'll just sit with getting really, really pissed off due to several things perfectly set to frustrate the hell out of me over 2 full days now. i need a punching bag or something.
anyone doing anything exciting this weekend? i know i'm not. today i'm goofing off and tomorrow both goofing off, being productive, and studying for my monday exam. excitement!
no, still got finals next week. my final final is late wednesday, and i'll probably use all thursday to pack up and go back friday.
morning kittens.
@zem, congrats! after today you heading home?
last morning for me! i mean, still finals, but they're all at 6 pm, so i'll probably wake up a little before noon. wooo! the only good thing about school! well, i know that's not true, but you get my point.
morning kittens
yeah! awesome news, lz! does this mean you'll be back here regularly? and don't worry, you're not alone. i have a bald spot showing up over my left frontal lobe too. ;) man, aren't genetics great? first my eyes, i'm literally more blind than a bat (all bats can see, and most have fairly good vision), then my teeth in every way cause trouble, now it seems my hair may be going the way of the dinos, dodos, and my dad's. haha, my dad has better than perfect vision and great teeth, and what do i get? his hair. ;)
it's okay, though. my head has a good shape, so i don't look bad with a shaved head. i'd just rather have hair, but i don't want to grow it with the bald spot. that would look silly.
morning kittens. @lz: that is definitely some good news. maybe not the bald spot, but the fact there are only 16 treatments remaining.
@lz, so you're saying that your fontal lobe is too sexy for hair? i see what you did there! ;)  seriously man, proud of how you're handling this, proud to call you my friend!
i have a giant bald spot forming over my left frontal lobe, though. the doctors say it'll only be temporary. it'll be nice to let my hair grow again after this is all done.
@lz, thats great news bro! i knew this couldn't keep you down!
good morning kittens!
also, my radiation hump day was yesterday. yay! i only have 16 more treatments before i'm done with that nonsense!
i'm pretty sure you need a smartphone in order for a smart watch to be anything approaching worth it.
oh yeah! i just remembered that last night, i dreamed of winning some lottery-like thing. not a lottery, but a big-payoff chance game kind of thing. this may sound weird until i tell you all one of my first thoughts (after "holy crap, is that number what i think it is?!") was remembering to cut you guys in on some of it!  so yeah, if you guys win the lottery and the corps pool comes up again, just remember, i've already remembered to give you guys your share! ;)
i know german isn't a common language on this board, but mark twain is amazingly witty and hilarious, and the awful german language is one of the best rantings about what makes german so frustrating i've ever read! you guys should check it out and read at least some of it! https://www.cs.utah.edu/~gback/awfgrmlg.html
those office studies never consulted me! why do i never get invited? it's not like i'd throw off the average *that* much! and i think 76-78 is just the temperature where the fewest people complain. ;) ` also, we didn't get the snow we were promised! they did that thing again where they're like "oh yeah, 3 feet at least! it's gonna be a record-setter!" and then as the week progressed, it kept getting smaller and smaller until now we have absolutely no snow. liars.
@zem, there have been several studies done on the ideal office temperature, and its 76 - 78 degrees, definitely not 62f.  it probably wouldn't be that bad if it wasn't -5f and feeling like -21f outside... grrrr!
really, though, my watch kind of defines me. ;)  of course i'd have a watch like that! and that page is super funny. some of the descriptions, and especially the video, are hilarious, especially the color choices!
i don't see the need for a smart watch. i don't even have a smartphone, so maybe i'm not impartial, but my watch works perfect, and has a feature no smartwatch will ever have! https://www.scamstuff.com/products/arson-watch plus, smartwatches are so small it doesn't seem worth it. just do all that stuff on your phone and save straining your eyes for what's usually too small to even use precisely as a touch screen. they're cool, they just don't seem worth it at all to me. not yet at least. come back when we have hologram watches like in old sci-fi's!
62 in your office? that sounds almost perfect to me! heck, even a couple degrees colder, but that's right at my favorite room temperature! meanwhile, it's 24 degrees outside, i have my window wide open, and no air is moving at all! it's super annoying when all i want is *some* air movement, but somehow that window mesh is like a wall.
my wallet is kind of happy i'm getting at least one of those refunded...but not completely, as the refund won't come in until probably sometime in the new year. at the same time, i really did want the watch. may(probably not) end up looking for one elsewhere.
@gm, oh, sorry man, that does suck indeed!  i'm still trying to convince myself that i don't need a smart watch... so far my wallet is winning, but who will win the battle? ;)
i love when companies end up selling themselves to another, cancelling all orders, and saying "you will be refunded by march 2017". the pebble 2 is mostly shipped, the time 2(which i had ordered) and the core, and anything else that was sold with them, is stopped from being produced, and we are to get refunds...i also ordered from a different campaign a charging dock for it...hopefully i can get a refund on that as well.
@gm, i don't know, it felt pretty damned cold to me, but then anything after -10c i find uncomfortable at best, as it gets colder, i get whinier! ;)  oh, and to top it off, our roof top heating unit has failed and its only 62f in my office right now!  they better get it fixed fast or i'm outta here!
morning kittens. @bakhan: it wasn't that bad...when i was able to have something between me and the wind. aside from the wind it wasn't terrible(only -31c according to global - with wind chill factored in)
morning kittens! hope its nicer where you guys are! kittens be turning into fursicles up here!
it's only really minor, nothing really, and only during late fall. i just thought it was weird.
@zem, it is normal.  most people suffer from s.a.d. (seasonal affective disorder) to some degree or other.  if you adjust and then you're fine, probably nothing to worry about, just try to increase your vitamin d intake and that would help out a lot.  some people actually have to get lights that have the same intensity as the sun (relatively) to help.
ugh, i did that thing again where i go to classes and then sleep another 4 hours immediately after. never feels like such a genius idea after i wake up. ` the sun thing always gets to me here. i know it's not as extreme a few degrees south of you guys, but it's still a major difference, and every single year there's about a week or two during late fall, usually just before daylight savings change, where i always feel really, really tired and sometimes cold too, just want to stay inside and sleep. i usually get used to it eventually, but it hits really hard during that time.
@gm, well that, and we've spent way too damn much money in the last two years... oh well.  next year, for sure, probably march or april, definitely a beach this time!
@bakhan: because the exchange rate sucks.
@gm, its not even the cold, or the snow for me, its the darkness!  its so damned dark, all day long.  even if the sun isn't physically warming me up, it does mentally.  i always feel better in the sunshine!  when's my next destination vacation, and why isn't it happening now?!!
@bakhan: if the wind wasn't there it wouldn't have been nearly as bad(supposedly felt like -31 this morning...to me it felt like going back to bed...if i didn't have lots of crap to do today)
@gm, i am so glad i have remote start for my vehicle!  damn its getting cold out! i know, i know, welcome to canada right? ;p
morning kittens. almost didn't get out of bed this morning(actually fell back asleep it was that nice and warm under the covers) due to how cold it was, and still is.
@lz, good to see you brother! glad to hear that you guys are still able to find some laughs! the best medicine right there!
morning kittens!
hi, lz! great to hear from you again! also, that sounds like a great idea. most great ideas do usually start from little jokes, though, at least in my experience.
hey, guys! sorry for the protracted absence. i just thought i'd pop in and let you know that i'm still alive. also, what started as a joke turned out to be a good idea. i recently got incence charcoal, a burner appropriate for that, and resins of frankincense and myrrh. the wife didn't care much for either of those, even though i like them. she also said that they just aren't that christmassy to her (go figure). i half jokingly said that i could go outside and collect some resin from the pine and spruce trees in our yard and put that on the charcoal. she thought that was a great idea. well, it was. my house smells like a pine forest right now.
sounds awesome! trade ya! (i assume you know me well enough by now to know i'm not even joking.;)
@zem: it's 6.8f(give or take) right now. this morning felt like -9.4f with the wind.
it's over 50 here right now, super warm, but we did, as you likely saw, have snow this weekend that actually stayed on the ground for a full day! wednesday, it's supposed to cool back off to a high of 26 with up to an inch just in what won't melt. then 22, 28, and back above freezing to 40. i'm so excited we're finally getting winter-ish weather!
@gm: we had fairly mild temperatures this weekend. i even went out with my walking group dressed in only a sweater. doesn't look like we are going to get snow this christmas
morning kittens. nothing like waking up to -16c temperatures, and having them say it will cool off to -18/-19 this afternoon.
morning kittens
we're catching up to you, canadia! ` (sorry, meant to make that all one comment, but kept forgetting the rest and thinking of another part after sending the previous.)
i mean, it won't last long, and it's barely lasting in places now, but it's snow.
snow!!! finally.
good morning. ha! beat you to it! the trick is to just stay up until 4 am, and then you're up before everyone else! oh, wait, it's the weekend isn't it? nobody'll be on to admire my cleverness... dang, i didn't think this through!
guten morg-... dang it, sorry, literally just returned from a semi-difficult german exam, and if you read my comments from last night, you know i've been thinking in german since then! (by the way, yes, i actually just started typing out guten morgen by accident, or at least my brain wanted to and got most of the way through guten before catching itself.)
morning kittens
that end sounds macabre... i didn't mean like "i'm going to end it all!", i just meant after tomorrow, dead week and then finals, then freedom. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oh boy, got back after a trying exam, now i can relax, maybe even finally start fallout: new vegas!  life: "nooooope!" now, instead, you're going to find you have 3 moderately sized assignments, 2 of which you couldn't even do until today anyways so you couldn't have gotten a head start, all for one class due tomorrow just before another exam in said class.  woo. nothing better after an exam than 2-3 hours of assignments and an exam early in the morning! (no, i didn't just get back, this is after finishing 2 of the 3. soon, though... soon it'll all be over!)
got my new phone working so at least one good thing happened today. i'm supposed to get my wifi on monday so i something to look forward to.
i don't think it was *that* kind of a company lunch, geist. unfortunately.
duck *drools* lucky you. wait. i didn't see any booze listed there. not so lucky you. :-p
i am so full it hurts. company lunch was amazing. duck confit for an app, lamb tortilla wraps for main, and churros to round it all out.
i hope the plan works out well for you and actually starts to help overall! if we've learned anything from gm, it's that it can be super frustrating when nobody sends in good documents so he has to figure all sorts of crap out himself.
well, even a harsh manager should listen to an idea for improvement, especially if it involves finding a way to show people what you're looking for so they can learn from their mistakes so you decrease the issues you have.
@bakhan: i think i'll take this to our manager. despite the fact that he can be a bit harsh, he is at least willing to listen. i've had other managers/supervisors that were complete asshats and only wanted to do things their way whether it was wrong or not.
@geist, i'm glad you've found a solution! now, to get that other guy on board... >.>
@bakhan: i think i have a solution that a friend of mine suggested. since the information that i'm getting is crap, put together an attachment that list exactly what we need (with samples) and ask that they amend their forms and information accordingly. i think that should work and get people trained on what we are looking for.
@geist, i'm sorry that you're having a rough time!  i hope that things can get better for you.  is there anyway your manager could arrange a sit down with you and the guy who double checks your stuff and see if there is some middle ground you guys could work with?  thats all i can think of... sending positive thoughts your way! ;)
wow, geist. let's hope alot of that clears up soon enough so you don't have to deal with so much bs, because that's all some bs.
@gm, this is because you are crazy!  didn't last winter teach you anything bro? do not hurt yourself!
afternoon kittens. i started off happy but as soon as i walked into the office, it went south fast. you'd think my boss would be happy that we are caught up as far as invoices are concerned (there are less than 25 in the queue) but no! and then the person who is suppose to check my work is making demands that simply can't be done. to implement his way of doing this would cause a back up that would send my manager through the roof and every time i point this out he gives some mealy mouth excuse like "i don't know what to tell you geist". um, how about growing some balls and coming up with a system so that we can do this job right! i have a bad headache now. i so want to go home and lie down. and to top it all off, the cable company i signed up with so that i can get internet access, is giving me a hard time and i haven't even gotten the stuff set up yet.
morning kittens. i knew i should have located my winter boots last night...but nope, i did my usual procrastination, and am wearing shoes that have no grip at all on them.
morning kittens
last i heard from lz, he was getting sick of being sick, and i certainly can't blame him for that sentiment.
@geist, its a 60/40 thing.  i have to take off 4 days worth of time without pay (yippie! >:() and i had to use up holiday days.  we are only allowed to carry 5 days over to the next year, and because we didn't go anywhere, i'd only used up 10 of my 20, so between the 4 days without pay and the 5 holiday days i had to use up, this month is gonna be long weekend city! ;) a silver lining to a bs situation i guess.
most recent i can see from him was on the 18th, a picture of all his medications.
anyone get an update on lz's health?
@gm: i see. so how sending me some of those potato chips we were talking about?
@geist: with the way this week is going, not likely. they are being extra critical because of how screwed up holiday pay makes everything.
morning gm. you can cut me an extra check and send it to me, right?
i just have this and next week and then until the next wednesday after. though i'll probably end up staying till friday. the best part about school is the huge breaks!
morning kittens.
@bakhan: lucky you. my next time off will be christmas weekend. the good news is that my holiday will be completely peaceful. (no family) i might go to the movies or binge watch netflix that day. there should be some good deals the day after xmas so i might go shopping then.
@geist, well after my long weekend last week, and my upcoming long weekend this week, i'm sure nobody wants to hear me whining about not wanting to be here today... ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens. spring has temporarily stopped by today on her way to her hibernation chamber. it will be a balmy 70 degrees with plenty of rain. if i had more hours, i'd take today off and just stay in bed.
ooh, less than 300 comments until i'm #1! i just found that tab and was curious, i know nobody really cares. muhuahahahaha!!! you're all falling right into my trap! soon all the comments will be mine! oops, not out loud.
the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy is one of those things where it has a quote for everything.
geist, other than the 2 heads, i think you'll identify with this quote! though i could only find the last half of it. "[zaphod] poured a drink down his other throat with the plan that it would head the previous one off at the pass, join forces with it, and together they would get the second one to pull itself together. then all three would go off in search of the first, give it a good talking to and maybe a bit of a sing as well. he felt uncertain as to whether the fourth drink had understood all that, so he sent a fifth to explain the plan more fully and a sixth for moral support." later on, he doesn't feel too good and thinks the drinks all stayed down in his stomach and had a party, but didn't invite him.
you didn't miss it, by my calculations, the party's just getting started! ;)
@bakhan: whiskey with an eggnog chaser? does that mean you drink the whiskey and wave a shot of eggnog past your mouth?
a booze conversation and i missed it? damn adulting.
haha. maybe one of those double crazy straws then? put one in each, and voila! and better yet, it's a full half whiskey!
@zem, that would just be a waste of time! ;) after 4 whiskeys, i would be asking why the hell i'm dragging this bloody egg nog around! ;)
that could work. double-fisting? just drink one until it's overpowering and balance it with the other? i do that with alot of things, and it works great, mostly to balance coffee out with like chocolate or water.
@zem, maybe just a shot of whiskey with an egg nog chaser? ;)
maybe you should make eggnog bombs. drop a shotglass of whiskey into the nog and chug it before it curdles!  yeah, curdled milk is one of the nastiest, most gut-wrenching things i know of. curdled eggnog could only be better, i'd think, because of the sweet smell over pure acidic... milk vomit, really, but i could also see the sweetness making it that much more gross. seriously, though, i rarely drink milk opened a week prior because it has a risk of being bad. i'm afraid to smell it because even a whiff of spoiled milk makes me dry-heave without fail.
@trinkets, also, god i love that wet pallet! its such a life (and paint) saver! i am now so close to finishing all the enemies for z:bp! i only have five left, 3 npc's, the rat abomb, and the alpha abomb.  then i only have the quagillion heros to go... ;) but still, i'm pretty stoked!
@trinkets, yeah, maybe thats the problem, do you normally add the nog to the booze, or the other way around?  i've tied both, i normally take a 4 oz glass add and oz of whiskey and 3 oz of nog, but a little over or under either way and curdle city (read as barf city).
curdled eggnog does sound pretty gross.
good morning all. @bakhan,  maybe it's like tempering eggs. start with a tiny bit of booze and work your way stronger?
re: boozy nog,  i can never seem to get the ratio right without curdling the nog, which may be the nastiest thing ever...  any suggestions?
good morning kittens!
in that it was kind of unnerving, but hopefully winter won't be super warm yet again. we're still on the upper side of average, though.
bah. it's supposed to be in the 40s every day this week, below freezing every night, and i'm actually really glad because this is more like the weather we should be having this time of year. the past month was way too warm for normal.
morning kittens. today it's supposed to be 66 degrees with tomorrow going as high as 70. mother nature's last hurrah before old man winter shoves her aside and freezes us all.
that i'm sure there are. if there's something interesting, someone will for sure find a way to do it legally, and at three times as many will illegally if necessary.
^"cheetahbutt"  i may not be able to make it, but there are 'shiners out there who do have the recipe and can make a batch of "george washington."  aka: rye whiskey.
*of course he'd be one of the foremost home-brewers of his time.
cb, almost certainly, but you can't get his recipe, nor can you legally moonshine it for your own eggnog, so settle. also, as that article says about his taste in alcohol, alot of it is because he was so rich, so he could afford to be picky about what kinds of alcohol. same for moonshining; he had the money to afford the equipment and resources to brew his own, so of course he would, these days he'd have his own brand.
now that's what i'm talking about.
lol@trinkets: i was thinking about the nog you get at the grocery store. i have a recipe for eggnog that has tequila and sherry in it
@gm: not everything. it can't screw up eggnog. especially if it's spiked with plenty of booze. wait, wait, wait.........eggnog without booze? that's like a brat without onions, mustard, and sauerkraut.
^"cheetahbutt"  i'm guessing that george washington's egg nog contained george washing's own recipe for rye whiskey.  he was in fact one of the most active moonshiners of his time.
geist, try good 'ol george washington's special eggnog recipe! it's pretty boozy, and apparently not bad. http://mentalfloss.com/article/29576/making-george-washingtons-special-eggnog
from a payroll perspective, it's bad. it really screws everything up(especially when the ones that the company will pay holiday pay - time and a half - on are so few and far between; there are 4 for our field staff - new years day, independence day, thanksgiving day, and christmas day)
@gm: not everything. it can't screw up eggnog. especially if it's spiked with plenty of booze.
holidays screw everything up!
@gm: ah but the mind is a powerful thing. i remember being in someone's car and they were talking about crabs. the side of my face that was facing them started to itch a bit.
@geist: they would have had to lace my food with it to get any sort of reaction.
@gm: sounds like someone waved a shrimp in your direction.
my weekend was awesome. it's just the week that hits you like a train at the end of its tracks.
@trinkets: my thursday was rather boring, friday morning woke up around 5am feeling like crap and worked from home(apparently shouldn't have, manager wasn't too happy with me this morning), and the rest of my weekend was rather boring/dull(woke up really early in the morning feeling like crap 2/3 - including today - nights)
morning trinkets. survived black friday, i see.
good morning all.  still here.  how was everyone's thanksgiving or thursday-sunday for those who don't celebrate it?
morning kittens. nothing like finding out, first thing in the morning, that the third party you have your payroll through royally screwed up with setting something up for you. now to wait for my boss to get in, so that we can figure out how to amend this issue.
morning kittens. the calm before the storm is over. i expect the invoices to flood into our mailbox this week which is why i'm heading into work two hours early. send a prayer to jibber's crabst for me.
cb, i did that all the time, and i love people's faces when they see that but you're never outside long enough for it to get too bad. though one time, i did get snow on my leg from my door, which melted and refroze to my leg before i walked maybe 2-300 meters from the parking lot to my school. it wasn't painful, it just went numb for a few minutes.
kanye west also claimed to be god. sorry for late reply. kanye west is a douche bag is also my facebook page.
^"cheetahbutt"  @zem, diane used to hate it when i wore shorts outside in the winter.  funny thing is, i don't do it as much in north carolina because it never gets cold enough.  in iowa, i could often be seen wearing shorts in subzero temperatures.  they were quite comfortable on dry days when i would only be outside for ten or fifteen minutes at a time, usually shoveling snow or something so that i needed to keep cool.
^"cheetahbutt" hi, kitties.  just thought i'd hide out here for a while.  people are just posting "ordinary" questions on bvb and it's no fun.
man, i hope there's some activity during the week. it's kind of unnerving how silent every single place has been all weekend and even before!
geist, i wear shorts and t-shirts nearly every single day of the entire year. the best part is making people stare when it is or should be cold.
why is the weather spring like today? i could wear shorts right now and not feel a bit of a chill
i almost bought an 8 terrabyte backup/external drive, a printer, and a minifridge yesterday. then i realized my wallet endured enough torture.
didn't need those but there were deeply discounted
welp, i put a hurting on my bank account. stopped by macy's just like i said. purchased 2 pillows and white towels (needed that). also purchased a comforter set, two pairs of earrings
that's the spirit, gm! i'm not leaving either, i never do, though my brother dragged me to best buy on our way home yesterday (it's now gray thursday).
morning kittens. @geist: i'm not leaving home(even though i found out that i can't access the shared folders on our company network from home, even on the company laptop i'm using right now)
morning kittens. happy black friday. try not to trample anyone on your way to getting that good deal. there is a macy's about 2 blocks from where i work so i might stop in and see if there is something that catches my eye.
man, you know i've missed alot (with family and stuff) when i have to quote the comment i'm referring to! i never do that!
"i just read a really disturbing article. kanye west is supposedly going to run for president in 2020." he announced that some time ago, didn't he? i don't think it's a serious thing, and i very highly doubt he'd go far at all, but then again, that's what people said about trump the first time he ran. then he played the trump card! ;)
bakhan, "oh, and just to have the last laugh, i took off this friday and monday so there! ;p" ` well i took last friday off, had a 3-day weekend, and now had a 2-day week and now a 5-day weekend for thanksgiving.  8/10 consecutive days of break. so there! ;p
@bakhan: i've been told i'm quite scary when i get pushed far enough.
@bakhan: then next time i visit, we have to play that zombie game. it looks loads of fun and since i am a horror fan, it would be right up my alley
@gm, fair enough.  :) people normally wouldn't yell at me anyways, for some reason i've been told i'm intimidating... ;)
@bakhan: not sure it does count. since you likely won't have someone yelling that they will murder you if you take the last one.
@geist, fingers crossed for you, hopefully it doesn't take too long!  black friday sales, i was thinking of heading over to the games shop to get some paints, does that count? ;)
@gm, i think thats a capital idea! you, sir, need a break!  just do it!
if i go in really early tomorrow and finish the evaluation forms, i might be able to check out a few of the black friday sales. the only thing i'm looking for is a router to use with the equipment the cable company will be sending over so that i will have proper internet access in my apartment.
@bakhan: i'm thinking of taking my laptop home tonight, and working from home tomorrow. currently don't have much to do, and not sure if i will get more to do tomorrow.
@geist, glad you had a good time last night! you deserve it! sucks that you have to go in tomorrow!  i actually was able to swing getting tomorrow and monday off!  whoo hoo! long weekend for me!
@geist: basically yeah. gives other people here the opportunity to come talk to us about stuff that needs to be done(auditing purposes). then they realize all our us branches likely don't have anyone in, so they have to wait until monday, when all those same branches will be super busy again.
@gm: does a quiet office equal a lighter work load? my department didn't get very many requests monday and tuesday but that will change after the holidays though. if you don't hear from me, it's because i'm buried under a mountain of work.
so quiet around the office today, considering all the us staff are off and having family time.
even though i have the day off tomorrow, i will be going into the office because my supervisor neglected to inform me that the yearly evaluations are due on friday. she told us that the ksa's have nothing to do with our department so i never filled out mine. i'm hoping i can get a small raise some that i can afford to take a few trips next year.
afternoon kittens! i enjoyed myself a little too much last night at dave and busters. ended up staying until the place closed. if they can keep the place up and the customer service at the excellence i experience last night, then i will definitely take bakhan and his wife there when they come to d.c.
i could go for a nap.
re: kanye, well, couldn't be worse than trump.... ;) oh, wait, i guess there is an exeption to every rule.... ;)
@gm, yep, its rough.  i had to tell my father in law he wasn't allowed to bring peanut butter into my house anymore.  he was leaving knives covered in that sh... stuff just lying around.  again, poison comes to mind... oh you're allergic to deadly nightshade?  oh, i didn't know... grrrr
i just read a really disturbing article. kanye west is supposedly going to run for president in 2020.
that's the biggest thing though, a lot of people that don't have allergies don't even consider it bad if there is cross contamination. even with me having the seafood allergy, last year when we had a "christmas potluck", i brought in baked goods. i knew we needed gluten free stuff, so i got a separate container out for it(my mom was filling up another one at the time) and put it on a different counter. my mom started to put sugar cookies in there, told her it was for the gluten free stuff, and she said she knew....
oh, and people who don't have allergies, don't even have a clue what its like.  i always wanted to develope a tollerance to poison, so i could bake up a bunch of arsnic cookies, put them out, and then watch what happens.  oh, sorry, you guys must be allergic... >;)
@gm, ouch, thats gonna suck!  cross contamination is the story of my life my friend.  i haven't been able to eat a dessert anywhere in a very long time.  i also have to be very careful around asian food of all kinds.  even rice pilaf they normally throw toxic ingredients in, so yeah, i feel your pain.  around christmas time, customers bring in all kinds of toxic baking and chocolates too.  its a thing, but hey, not much i can do about it so, meh! ;)
@bakhan: yeah, i got used to taking the risks. but you also never know when someone will cross contaminate(even when it is specified that there are allergies...and nobody in the office asked about if anyone has allergies).
morning kittens. today is going to be a long day. i forgot my phone at home.
good morning kittens! happy thanksgiving to all my american kittens! (except zem, zem can stick it!) ;)
@zem, weird how thanksgiving seems to co-ordinate with harvest time... >.> if we waited to have thanksgiving till you slowpokes were ready, all our crops would freeze in the ground! this is the land of ice and snow! ;)  oh, and just to have the last laugh, i took off this friday and monday so there! ;p
isn't that just like canada, getting impatient and having thanksgiving a month early!  isn't it? i don't know, really, i don't know many canadians.but you laughed when you had yours, now we get to laugh at you while we have ours!
happy thanksgiving to all my american kittens. i hope you have a wonderful holiday. and to my canadian kittens, i hope you have a relaxing weekend.
i can't believe kickstarter ate my original comment.
hi, doc!  our update brings all the kittens to the yard... wow, though, an update after all this time!
well that's going on my list
already in my amazon wish list. holding off getting for now until i can afford a decent sized order from them with other stuff.
@gm, on one hand, that sucks... on the other hand you guys get to have a christmas party.  our company canceled them 2 years ago.   if you're like me you got used to taking risks dining out years ago. it sucks but not going out sucks too. i hope it's awesome!
@javier, it's totally worth it! it has some fun new twists added that really kick it up a notch! the imploding kitten is fun, switching directions, and targeted attack are pretty awesome too. i really think that if you love it the way it is now, you'll really enjoy the expansion. tony, in the comments brought up a good point called emp equivalent movie price. the cost of the game amortized over the number of players, time and enjoyment you get is a pretty sweet ratio. imo.
i really want the expansion, but $30 to get it shipped to australia is bloody nuts.
@geist, that would be so awesome! i checked out the website and it looks amazing! plus, hanging out with you would be pretty awesome too! ;)
the expansion is too expensive imo. we still enjoy the original one very much.
@bakhan: when you and misty come to d.c. i will take you to the d&b in maryland. we will show them how kc folks party.
so apparently, this year for our christmas "party" we're going to anejo restaurant. and we have to pre-order, by monday, and after a quick glance, i did see quite a few seafood items on there...so going to have to add in bold on my response to the email when i give my order, that i have a seafood allergy(including, but not limited to, fish, shellfish, and mollusks)
@zem, it would make me smile... ;) a lot! ;)
bakhan, i may have to do that. heck, just for you, i'll wait until it's below 0 f, ~ -18 c, sometime in january and do it in my characteristic t-shirt and shorts in the mound of snow we shovel from the driveway.
@geist, congrats! nope, no dave & busters anywhere in canada.  it doesn't look like they thing we're worthwhile... >.> not surprised to be honest.
only an hour and a half until i'm off to dave & busters. i forgot to see if calgary even has a d&b. if it does, i'll have to see stop by next time i'm up there.
@zem, when you guys do get snow, can you do me a favour?  do you know what a snow angel is?  when you lie on your back and move your arms up and down and your legs side to side, to make an angel "imprint"?  do that face down, and post a video on youtube, its the best i'll be able to get.... ;)
parts of the midwest? tell them to send snow my way!  the first time it dropped below freezing, we got a light flurry, but not really actual snow, unfortunately.
@geist, lol! yeah, me too... >.> ;)
@bakhan: not just the cooking. my liquor cabinet is nearly empty. can't forget to stock that up.
@geist, sounds like you've got some cooking to do! ;)
@gm: that is strange. we are already getting snow in new york and parts of the mid west. i'm not ready for snow in my area yet. i still gotta make at least 3 stews to put in the fridge to hold me over when the transportation system shuts down. i'm hoping to get my wifi installed before christmas so that i can binge watch all my shows while under the covers.
morning kittens. @geist: we don't have much(if any) snow right now. there was frost on the cars this morning, and it was -10c when i got to the train, but no snow.
welp. i just purchased a new phone. i should get to me after the holidays and i'll know in a week whether or not i got a good deal.
morning bakhan! are you buried under 6 feet of snow yet?
@zem, i don't know about that, you've come up with some pretty wacky ideas! disney imagineers simply (yeah, right) come up with new and creative ways of doing what a normal thing would do, just cooler.  how many disney imagineers does it take to change a light bulb? why does it have to be a light bulb?! ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens. went grocery shopping last night and couldn't believe there wasn't a mile long line. work has been really light the past couple of days. that is a nice change of pace for once. we will probably get slammed after the holidays though.
hmmm, i wouldn't be a good imagineer, probably, i'm the antithesis of creativity and extroversion, but working there for 10 years and free disney parks for life does sound really good...
@geist, sadly, its totally impossible.  misty, would have to be recertified to work in the states, and she would make less than half of what she does now, apparently you guys don't value mental health the same down there.  that would only be one of the challanges, she would also have to move far away from her family, which would be the second biggest hurdle.  i'm happy enough doing what i do, and getting to go to disney regularly. ;)
@bakhan: not too late to make that dream come true. research on how you can get into the profession/job. a person is truly blessed when they enjoy going to work.
@geist, my all time dream job, aside from being a music producer, would be to be a disney imagineer!  not only would work, no longer be work, but knowing that everything you did contributed to 20, 000+ people being happier everyday, tough to beat that!
@bakhan: apparently there are two employees on our floor who have worked for disney in the past. i think one of them has a card that will get him into the parks for free. it's a perk for working a decade at disney.
whoop whoop! thats great! wdw kcc! lets make it happen, florida stylez!!! ;)
woo! awesome news, geist! job security is always a good think to have.
good news kittens. the company bigwig just announced that the company won a $600 million dollar contract that is good for 5 years. translation: the chances of me getting laid off under the upcoming dictatorship are much smaller now. can you say kitten con 2, walt disney edition?
geist, just open the window. it's really nice out today, though a bit rainy, it'd feel much better to just have an open window. birds singing, cars plowing through puddles of rain, coworkers yelling at you to close the ******* window already...  ` gm, i hate people like that, though if this is a competitive mode, i guess it's a valid tactic. though now i'll be thinking about welding wooden doors all day!
you can play it solo, but i find it more interesting(most of the time), and a challenge, to play online because then you're competing with others to get kills to earn money and buy better weapons/armour/ammo.
@gm: so you play with other people online, not just by yourself?
@geist: for a little bit. but the match i was in wasn't really that great...there was one person who locked people in rooms(you can weld all doors you can close shut - even the wooden ones) so that they would die.
morning gm. did you kill any zombies last night?
@bakhan: the heaters run along the edges of the windows in our building. i sit not far from them. the heater is blasting but i find that i'm not much warmer which is why i'm wearing my coat at my desk.
morning kittens.
@geist, do you sit by a window?  does it have a curtain?  if yes, and no curtain, see if you can move your desk further away from the window.  the heatloss is greater by the window, and you will notice your body heat leaving faster (getting cold) the closer you are to the window.
why is the office so cold? did we not pay our heating bill?
@lz, i bet the chemo is nothing compared to being treated like and invalid.  i'm sorry that they don't know you better bro!  we know that no matter how much this world tries to beat you down, you will always get back up swinging!  so just keep swinging man, but try and be compassionate for those folks too, they don't know any better... ;)
@geist, re: more men feeling that way about their wives...  i totally agree, but i think in reality it is that way.  the problem (well one of them anyways) is that only the shocking and abberant behaviour is glorified and shown, normal day in day out, love and respect, who wants to see or hear about that? too boring right?  better to think that women always want the bad boys, or that men only want to objectify women... what the hell is wrong with this world?  where common decency is considered to be abnormal...
morning kittens!
a world without the dmv? you're right; how could we register to drive?! ` yeah, lz... that sounds like hell alright!
@lz: i always thought hell was a world without books. or the dmv.
morning kittens. it's cold and very windy outside. that cap i purchased in banff is coming in handy now.
guys, i've figured out what hell is like! it's daily chemo and radiation and everyone you meet treats you like an invalid! for eternity!!
got my account back. was able to change the password. sad because my other password was a good one
ok, it looks like so money has hacked into my email account. if you get an email from me asking for personal info or money, please ignore until i get this sorted
geist, i think he's talking about how chip bags are always already empty. ;)
lol@gm! you would at least leave me some crumbs? i'll lick the inside of the bag. i'm not picky.
you do realize that the bags would already be empty before they get into the mail, right?
lime and cracked black pepper chips are you kidding? send me those! i'd eat them by the truck full.
there is also lime and cracked black pepper chips. those are delicious. and ruffles came out with bacon and sour cream not too long ago(very salty, but so evilly delicious).
salt and vinegar chip. eww. too sour for me. salt and cracked black pepper flavor? nom nom nom nom
i just found it weird. but then again, i did eat a small bag of miss vickie's sea salt and malt vinegar chips about 20min prior, and only had a few sips of water between those and the gum.
chewing gum makes me burp. plus my jaw gets tired after awhile.
gm, once you chew them for half an hour or so without putting any more in, they all taste the same: chalk.  once, i chewed gum so long it spontaneously liquefied in my mouth! i wish i could remember what kind it was, because i've never had it happen again.
...my peppermint gum(the brand 5) is starting to taste similar to juicy fruit. >.>
try the pop shoppe black cherry with vodka. sooo good.
@geist: not that it wasn't fun, since i hadn't been to banff in a long time. but normally, i would avoid shopping like the plague.
@bakhan: i wish more men felt that way about their wives. the things i read in the advise column make spinsterhood seem kinda nice.
@geist, that was the pop shoppe black cherry right? sooooo gooooood!
@zem, well, its kinda the other way around in my relationship, my wife makes about 10x what i do... ;)
@geist, unquestionably! ;) how could i not be happy with my wife, she's perfect!
@bakhan: those days are gone my friends! ;) but the trade off was so worth it, yes?
bakhan, i know what that's like from seeing my uncle. he was a bachelor until his mid-50s, an engineer too (plenty of extra money to spend). then he got married. just after he was married, someone made a good point: "i guess now you won't have to worry about all that extra money weighing you down anymore!"  yeah, his wife is the most accomplished shopper i've ever met. she knows what she wants and where it is, yet she still takes the time to make sure she doesn't miss any amazing deals. that's diligence!
@bakhan: i like to think we'd be each other support group. ;-) @gm: so shopping in banff wasn't fun? i loved it! i love my bottle of boos from the christmas store and the bottle of cherry soda was sooooo good. pity it's all gone.
ahhh the good ole days, knew what i wanted, where it was, parked by the closest entrance, when directly there, got what i wanted, and directly out...  now i'm married... those days are gone my friends! ;)
i'm the same way zem. i only go for things i need(or depending on the item, for those - ie some games). i will wear a pair of pants until they are almost to the point of having holes in them before i go buy a few more pairs(usually buy 2-3 pairs at a time).
i only normally like shopping at all when it's necessities/food or a really fun place with some interesting stuff, but even then, i glance through stuff fast. i've had situations when i searched nearly the entire shop and was ready to go, but someone else i was with had only gone through most of one area.
also, did i mention how i hate shopping, but will humor people with tagging along(sometimes i find something i like, and end up buying, but very rarely).
@gesit, nah, i'm used to it, but i am a bit scared about you guys enableing each other... ;) normally if its something that i'm not interested in, i go find a nice place to rest my legs for a bit.  it works out quite well actually. ;)
@geist: i only sigh in frustration/boredom when it takes over an hour to decide on one item between a choice of two items, and there is nowhere to sit/sleep.
don't underestimate how much misty likes to shop... and look... at... every... single... little... thing... twice... then her and i shop the same way. it's also how i like to visit new places. go in every store to see what is in there. check out all the merchandise. hop to the next store. i know that not everyone likes to do that which is another reason why i don't mind traveling solo. i don't want to have someone sighing in frustration/boredom because i'm taking too long.
i normally run off on my own(though they say you're easier to kill when you do that...) and just keep moving. i don't normally sit in one spot with everyone unless it's wave 9/10/boss. i don't mind if others follow me, but i tend to not sit still.
@geist, yeah we took a bus tour to busch gardens, its a nice park / zoo.  the only issue i had was how long we could spend there as we had to take the bus back and if you're late, you're looking at a second mortgage to get a cab... :(  the villian store in hollywood studios is pretty awesome for sure!  don't underestimate how much misty likes to shop... and look... at... every... single... little... thing... twice... ;)
reminds me of raiding castles in mount&blade warband; if you're really good at archery, you can just sit in a place nobody goes and headshot all the enemy archers as they spawn. i've taken over 1/3 of the garrison out on my own before doing that! though you need to try to find arrows when you run out. different game completely, but similar strategy.
@zem: i love waiting for huge groups to break through the doors, and just popping off a bolt. seeing as they go through all the enemies(and you can recollect any spend bolts if they are stuck in a wall you can reach). get tons of kills that way
i love how alot of games just think, "well, what if we put in like a chainsaw or a crossbow or something? nah, it wouldn't be nearly as effective as a freaking huge gun. ... what if we made it one of the most powerful weapons in the game? now you're talking!"
@zem: i used to play it a lot on pc, always used the crossbow, since it could 1-shot everything except the boss if you got a headshot. now, it stuns the scrake and flesh pounders, but can 1-shot anything below those. i don't even zoom in with it(or the winchester that the sharpshooter starts with).
@bakhan: i had forgotten there was a busch gardens in florida. i might have to go visit that one. there is so much to see besides the 2 more famous parks. re: shopping trust me. by the time i get back down to disney, i'll have enough dough to spend i must likely will have to bring an extra suitcase to haul back all the booty i will purchase. (that didn't come out right, pun not intended) i want to revisit the villain store. that one was my favorite place to shop at disney. the second favorite is the christmas store.
i know of killing floor, pretty good game! kind of like what left 4 dead would be if it kept making installments. (read: if valve didn't have some superstition about games of 3) games can be great stress relievers sometimes! that's why i always have a couple dozen around, just in case of emergency. ;)
i would have played skyrim nonstop all weekend but for some insult simulator with my brother if i hadn't gone home.
actually...friday when i got home i started playing a new game i had downloaded, which helped some. killing floor 2. a "zombie" survival game. wave after wave(short games is 4+boss, medium is 7+boss, and long is 10+boss) of enemies, multiple classes to choose from with different benefits to certain weapons(when the class is selected), and just went to town on them with a katana and the berserker class selected(lowers damage taken, and increases effectiveness of melee weapons). spent a solid 9 hours(got home at 4pm) doing that.
and with any luck, your luck will change when that's implemented! good to know they're trying to make a change so you don't go postal. ;)
gm, https://youtu.be/9e-zm-nxkou…
@geist, oh and as always, misty's priority tends to be shopping... so we always have to factor in time to do that, in the parks, in the downtown disney area, etc. how could i forget the shopping... ;)
@geist, there's actually 6 disney ones in florida, magic kingdom, hollywood studios, epcot, animal kingdom, blizzard beach, and typhoon lagoon (the last two being water parks).  then theres the two universal parks, and if you want to go all out, you can go to sea world, busch gardens, kennedy space centre, and many more!  we typically do all the disney ones except the water parks (my favour to the world...) and both universals, if we have someone with us who's never been before thats it, but when we go on our own, because we've been so many times and know exactly what we want to do, we normally add something else in as well (different everytime).  we are always up for fun, so something like ripley's is not unquestionable.  we normally like to go to medieval times as well.  there's always something to do!  the only limitation is time... there's never enough time!
@bakhan: so technically, there are 5 parks in the florida location. two water parks and 3 ride parks. i could see spending a full day in each park and then seeing some of the other offerings (like the ripley's believe it or not museum) on other days. now i really wanna go back there. do you and misty ever visit any of the other attractions?
@gm: i'd pick option b. pity you can't send these messages through a howler.
@bakhan: b is what both my manager and i think would work best. with option a, if there are a lot of attachments, there is a good chance of some being missed. it's happened before, and would likely happen again.
@gm, well for me, i would choose b, it lets you still update as you go, but also allows you to check the spread sheet to verify that you have made all the appropriate changes.  option a isn't bad either, but overall i'd choose b.
i should specify with b, it's not one email a day. it whenever they come in/are noticed.
just out of curiosity, what scenario does everyone here think would be best. - a) one email a day from hr with all the emails that came in through that day(and since hr went home the day before) attached to it for any payroll related changes. - or - b) a spreadsheet at the end of the week listing all the changes that happened in the week(including sending the payroll related emails daily to payroll). - both of those are suggestions(from all sides involved) on how to correct anything that has gone wrong in the past couple weeks.
morning kittens.
should have been mini golf, not gold... although it might as well be gold... ;)
wow, a disney convo and i missed it! yes, california has disneyland and california adventure park, two great parks! disneyland, is the original and opened in 1955! last year was their diamond anniversary (thats why we went twice!)  florida has walt disney's world, called so because walt died a couple of years before it opened, and his brother roy, wanted to make sure that world knew that this was walt's vision through and through.  florida has four seperate theme parks, two huge water parks, a massive mini gold course, two full pga golf courses, a huge espn sports centre (the host many events through out the year), and tons of other stuff to do.  as walt disney world is newer, it is also more massive.  to put it into perspective, then entire magical kindom from california would fit in the parking lot of wdw magical kindom! ;)  in florida, they also have hollywood studios, epcot, and the animal kingdom!  when we go to cali, we normally go for 4 - 7 days, and when we go to florida we normally go for two weeks.  both cali and florida, also have tons of other cool things to go and see, the both have universal studios, but like with disney, in cali they have one large park, and in florida they have two!  oh boy! i want to go to both right now!!!
morning kittens!
3 hours of sleep on the morning of the first of 2 days impeding me from 10 days straight of break. this is the worst. it's like hearing today's christmas, but first you have to wait a month until christmas.
morning kittens. count down to turkey day. the commute to work should be light with most people taking the whole week off. i will be spending most of that time getting ready for the next check run and cleaning up at home. (apartment inspection on the 28th)
land is california, the first one, and then world opened in florida. then several more opened around the world, and i believe most of them are called something along the lines of "disneyland [country/city]".
@potatten: you are correct. i believe land is in florida & world is in california. i could be wrong. bakhan would know better than i.
isn't the one a land and the other a world?
@bakhan: but the earthquakes! :-/ seriously, i would visit california just to visit disney world. i wanna to compare it to the one in florida
that's mostly worth commenting here because i had no clue. from what i could tell all morning, it's perfectly normal out, maybe a bit cold. but nope, 3 seconds outside and suddenly i couldn't breathe and barely held on to the bag! haha, so much for checking my hair before i left!
wow...  it's windy out...  like, really windy! between these two buildings, it got easily above 50, possibly to 60 mph! i almost lost the bag i was holding, and i'm surprised i have any hair left!
no clue if i'd be able to make it still, but it's a great idea because we'd get to meet the team itself!
i like cali... just saying! ;)
i think we should have it in california and meet the team! special guest talks by matt and elan!
its true, geist is currently the ek champ amoungs all the kc! i'm still sore from the whooping and looking forward to some sweet sweet revenge! also, she is tough as nails, you should see her pipe royal icing! ;)
@cub-cake: unfortunately, they keep me so busy here, that i can only play on my lunch break. if you give me a time (preferably after 1pm) i can be available to play. did you guys know i am the current ek champ among the corps? i beat bakhan and gm our first game. that should give you a reason enough to come to kitten con 2 if they host next year.
aaw, but my emulator stopped working for some reason, and since i wasn't using it anymore, i just deleted it. i don't think we ever did get to playing a game.
if you have a little time this afternoon to play a round or two, let me know!
mmm....rum factory....
game codes!
@creeper: did we ever discover a way to play the ek app with other corps members?
you made it to work safely. you have a paying job! you have all your limbs. i'd like to add: you are relatively healthy (there are others sicker than you), you have enough disposable cash so that you can buy some things off of kickstarter, you live near bakhan so you can get maple bacon brittle easier than me.
howdy kittens! hope everyone's friday is going by super fast. i got in the office extra early and i'm leaving promptly at 5 pm! there is a rum factory visit in my near future that i want to get to.
i really wish people would consult the guy who is in the email folder, and processing the payroll, when they make decisions regarding the payroll. rather than have double the amount of emails for something where i only need once every two weeks, let's send it every week. -.-
i think the biggest thing that would help right now for me, is if people would not keep piling stuff up on my plate of to do. there are things that i know are going to suffer, and it shouldn't be that way. i need to get a meeting with my manager and have her handle some of the stuff.
i need to play ek on my phone! it's been awhile.
hi bakhan!  i am.  i'm stressed but amped. and i do sympathize with being absolutely miserable and angry at work.  so much so that i had to get a therapist because i was having anxiety and panic attacks and sobbing in bed.  it's an awful awful spiral to go down.  like bakhan said- there's no perfect answer. i realized that i was having arguements in my head.  imagining scenarios where i'd fight with this person or that person or say what i really wanted to say.  the problem with that is - you don't actually get to say it.  so it just builds up in your head and system with no release. i had to audibly tell myself to stop.  i had to stop listening to angry music on my way in.  i had to force myself to look at the upside.  which was so difficult at first.  it wasn't a perfect fix.  but slowly it started to work enough to where i didn't imagine setting the place on fire every day.
@gm, you need to find something to do to releave stress, don't let it build up until you feel you can't handle it.  sometimes a change of routine can help.  maybe try to get in some exercise, walking or something similar, it releases endophines that can help regulate feelings of stress and depression.  there is no perfect answer, but none of us want to see you down in the dumps!  if you ever feel like you need a break, give me a call, i'll pick you up, we can play some ek or ik and that should at least make you laugh for a bit! ;)
@creeper, good morning! wow, you're really rev'd up and this morning aren't you! ;)  i totally agree that when everything seems to be crap, the best thing to do, is count your blessings! if you can... ;)
@creeper: if i wasn't teetering on the edges of a mental meltdown those would be good things. i just need some time off, but don't have any vacation to use(probably going to talk my manager into letting me take a personal leave either next week sometime or the following week...when she gets back on monday).
you made it to work safely.  you have a paying job!  you have all your limbs.  you're smart enough to do your job well.  you have the ability to chat with friends while doing your job.
already a bad start?  c'mon.  let's list good things.
morning lovelies
so...who has the sedatives to make this day just vanish? also, morning(nowhere near good) kittens.
good morning kittens!
everyone left the party.  sad.
when i finally have some free time.  and energy.  it does not feel like 2 am.  i'm wide-awake and ancy.
so quiet on all kickstarter comment boards!
ok, i take that back. i'm still at work waiting on one invoice that i know damn well won't go out on today's check run because today is over with! *sigh*
geist- you know i support any drinking decision you make 100%
i'll be there. hope you guys can make it!
pity i'll miss the live streaming. i'm going home in a bit and i'm going to swing by the new rum factory and see if i can't pick up a bottle of rum. i have a couple of pomegranates that i want to steep for a few days in rum. should make for a nice tasty sunday brunch drink. brunch is good without the food, right?
@geist, i'm sorry you're having a crappy day!  the best way to get them back is to have that cat that got the canary look, and stiffle a laugh whenever they ask you a question! ;)  its a fake it till you make it aproach, hey, it can't hurt! ;)
it'll be really exciting, and this time we get a livestream right there on the kickstarter!
i've been there the whole time, of course i will!
3 hours left in bvbs. anyone gonna watch the clock count down?
i hate being mad at work. it gives me a crappy headache.
@zem, oh!  that reminds me, you still need a face wash! ;p
there are birds outside. this isn't november, this is may! birds are singing, sun is warm and bright, it's beautiful out!
@zem: because i made the mistake of actually caring about the getting the people paid. @geist: the completely blank, soulless, look is what you need.
@gm: how do i get that look? maybe folks would leave me alone.
wow, how have you put up with that job for so long, gm?
@geist: my manager just came into my office to talk to me about the issue we are having, and the first thing she said was "you look ready to murder someone". and yes, yes i am.
https://help.carnival.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3509/~/frightfully-fun-halloween bakahn, you just made my day.
don't you just love it when people talk to you in a condescending manner? then they wonder why i'm quiet and have an expression of "i want to punch you in the face".
@gm, yeah, that kinda thing happens to me all the time.  i design a system, then the customer orders it through my manager (for whatever reason, probably to try and get better pricing), then they have issues, because of whatever changes they made with him.  then they have issues, and then i get called in... my typical response iss, well if it would have been installed the way i designed it, there wouldn't be any problems... doh!
and now the vp of us ops is involved(only found out because of an email forwarded to me by our controller, who received the email from our us hr lady, who had contacted my manager, who had asked me if i knew about it....)
so, an issue gets brought to my attention, i try addressing it(re-hire not getting paid, i have no paperwork, where did it get sent and when - all things i asked) and now no one is communicating with me, they are going directly to my manager, who is coming to me for answers, to which i reply "after my initial to who/where, i haven't been kept in the loop"
it's about 70 here, but the next 2 days will be in the 40s, and then the 50s there on out. still warm for this time of year! and unfortunately, i won't have a window to keep wide open all weekend when it's so cold because i'll go home! not to mention i have to usher, that's like 3 1/2 hours minimum, up to 7-8 hours, standing outside, in a 42 degree high. even i might get tired of that soon enough!
@gm, as awesome as something like that would be, i doubt i could talk my wife into that... ;)
@geist, so apparently (and not surprisingly) its a thing! check it out, this was only the first option i looked at... https://help.carnival.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3509/~/frightfully-fun-halloween
there is one cruise i remember hearing about a few years ago, it was 7 days(i think) of concerts...all metal.
@geist, cruises can be a lot of fun, if you pick the right one! so many options today, and with the depressed economy, great prices too!  i have not seen any that have a halloween theme, but i'm sure its out there somewhere! ;)  beaches, beaches!
i've never been on a cruise. i'm sure i can find a halloween one. a themed cruise sounds real nice. that would have to be sometime after my birthday.
i think we're planning on taking a cruise in the new year, hopefully sometime around feb.  there will be many beaches! beaches!!! real, attached to the ocean, non-inflateable beaches! ;)
@bakhan: easy. grab some sand and a blow up pool. fill the pool with warm water and spread the sand around the pool. instant beach!
@gm, lol, ok maybe not any beach, to clarify, any beach attached to the ocean, and at least +21c, better?
@bakhan: there is a beach that is a 2min walk from my house...you did say any beach after all. :p
@geist, sounds familliar, i do eat my lunch in my car though (just to get out of here and not be bothered my whole lunch hour) so i do get to see the sun for a bit.  its been overcast the last couple of days though... has me dreaming of beaches, pretty much any beach would do at this point! ;)
morning kittens. @geist: tell me about it with the not seeing the sun. i had that when i worked 6 days a week in the restaurant. there before the sun peeks over the horizon, not go outside all day, and end up leaving when it's already dark.
re: snow in canada: something tells me that the light snow that bakhan is experiencing now would send the d.c. area into a panic if we got that here. i've already pulled out my slow cooker cookbook and will me cranking that baby up so that i can have some food stored by the time january hits.
@bakhan: i worked in an office for 4 years that didn't have windows in our department. during the winter months, i would travel to work before the sun came up and would leave work after the sun went down. 5 days without seeing the sun can do a number on you.
@geist: re: potluck, damn, well, knowing you, you'll be able to pick something else awesome! or, you could make what you already said, and show them how much better yours is... ;p re: trapped inside, story of my life!  i'm in a back corner office with no window, so i can't even look outside.  not that its nice enough to really want to be outside... we'll be in the low 30s to high 20s f today... :(
morning kittens!
morning kittens. another nice day that i won't be able to enjoy because i'll be indoor processing invoices all bloody day.
i have to be honest, geist, that's happened to me literally every office potluck i've gone to!
fur covered boxes? that will be...different. i think.
*sigh* don't you hate it when someone at the office potluck says they will bring the same dish your said you were bringing first? now i don't know what to pick.
howdy, creeper! ` geist, i know how it feels. here, we'll have 70s today and tomorrow, then suddenly down to 40s for 2 days, then evening out to the lower 50s. it's gonna be a bumpy week, weather-wise!
@creeper, heya! how the heck are you?
hiiiiiiiiiikittens
morning kittens.
@geist, we got snowed on yesterday, pretty hard, but it didn't affect the drive home thankfully.  when the snow sticks to the roads everyone has to relearn how to drive in the winter, which is very painful!  its supposed to be near freezing everyday for the forseable future, but this is canada after all... ;)
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. spring like weather today until saturday. then the winter weather kicks in just in time for thanksgiving
bvb comments, not updates. though there have been several updates as well today. ` geist, i wish. i haven't seen it, actually! i don't usually go out in the evenings, much less night, and right now i have a ton of stuff to do. oh well, i've seen plenty of supermoons before.
are you guys seeing this super moon? it's so beautiful. i wish i had a telescope to view it
wow... after the bvb updates right now, i feel like i was just swimming up a waterfall!
@drinkets: i know the feeling of being buried under a lot of work. my filing stack is backing up again...and i just don't have that much time to take care of it right now.
good afternoon all. i've been way too busy at work. my delivery guy had his appendix out last week so i am alone and buried under tons of work.
i think i just did something mean on the bvb board. but it is only a song. >.>
i am not looking forward to going outside later to get to the train(hopefully it's not too late and i can go through the +15). my shoes have terrible grip...so much so that it's actually all worn off. and with the snow coming down and turning to slush instantly...i will be sliding around like crazy.
@geist, lol, well i think it may be in hiding / protective custody, due to recent developments in your country... ;)
morning gm. 3 more days until the weekend
wonderful news bakhan.  now if you would use those skills to find my sanity, i'd greatly appreciate it.
morning kittens.
mystery muff update: my wife thinks that they may be hers!  i can't remember her ever having ear muffs like these before, but if it solves the mystery, i'm good with it!  as long as she doesn't think i'm creeping around behind her back... i'd be so dead! ;)
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. don't you just love office politics? *sniff* smells like bs.
note to self: go home....after finishing this report, sending out the different portions to the branch admins, and making sure everything is organized for a easy and clean tuesday.
note to self: don't not stay up all night on a home project when you have to go to work the next day. you end up spending most of it fighting to stay awake
@geist, sweet!  she'll be stoked for sure!
@bakhan: i found misty on facebook and sent her a quick message. i can usually click on their profile and add them as a friend. not sure why i couldn't do that really quickly. i'll try again later.
better than a spam sandwich any day. no idea why the hawaiians love it so much.
whoa, oh wow, why didn't anyone tell me we were talking here again?!
@geist: i saw the picture and didn't even read the article. good point that it has no meat. but still, no.
@gm: i read about that. i don't mind nutella on some toast but i'm not trusting mickey d's with a sandwich version of it. and it's only nutella between two buns. no meat in it.
@gm, those times when an allergy is actually a good thing... ;)
okay, something disgusting(well, more so than just the regular stuff you can get) has happened with mcdonald's. they have released a nutella burger, only in italy. but seriously...chocolate hazelnut burger...excuse me while i empty my stomach.
@bakhan: of course. we don't want to give away the address to the creator of maple bacon brittle. then you would have jealous thieves who would want to steal the recipe for themselves.
@gm, duh duh daaa!!! the mystery continues!  where did these mystery muffs come from?!?
@bakhan: not mine. i was wearing my toque, which i have beside me here at work.
@geist, also, i shoot you our address in an email, if thats cool?
@geist, maybe we'll need some csi action on those ear muffs!  other than yourself and gm, i haven't had any passangers in quite a while.  certainly none that would wear ear muffs anyways... maybe they're gm's? o_o
@bakhan: yep, not my ear muffs. hmmmm...someone leaving clues in your car. we need forensic files to investigate! i only had two messages from folks. none from her. i'll have to see if i can search for her by her maiden name. also, i'd like to add you both to my christmas card list so send me your address when you get a chance.
@lz, i don't blame you at all man!  definitely time to kick that sh*t to the curb, so to speak... ;)
i've decided that this whole cancer thing is not as much fun as they made it sound. i think i'll be done with it now.
morning kittens
@geist, i don't think she could figure out how to do an actual friend request, she just sent a message.  she asked me, but i've never use fb before so i was no help.  she decided not to honour me by taking my last name, so she will be under misty stach.  as per the ear muffs, they were black and looked pretty much brand new, if they weren't yours, then i have a serious mystery on my hands, better call scooby! ;)
@bakhan: i don't think those are my earmuffs. i never got to use mine the whole time i was in canada. is it a circular fluffy ring? if so, then it's probably mine. i just checked facebook and i don't see her friend request. i tried searching for her but there are a ton of misty mitchells on there.
@lz, good to see you brother! i'm sorry about the work stress, do your best to mitigate it, living is much more important than working! ;)  i can't believe that you're having such a hard time filling that position! you'd think in this economy that anyone with the skills would be jumping at $28 an hour (us$ to boot!)!  hell, i only make $26 an hour, of course my wife does a bit better than i do... ;)
@geist, did you forget your ear muffs in my car by any chance?  i'm trying to figure out whose they are. ;)  also, misty sent you a message on fb, did you get it?
morning kittens!
morning kittens. if you didn't already know, tonight there will be a super moon in the sky. i'll be able to see it since i leave work late nearly every day.
geist, that and when you clean but then your mom(/spouse/etc i guess) walks in and says it's not clean at all and you didn't do anything and to finish already, but it looks fine to you. i sure loved when that happened. now my room is in moderate disarray, but a calculated mess. not terrible, but i don't really clean until i move back out. i just know where every single thing is, but keep it tidy enough.
have you ever spent a day cleaning your place only to look around and it looks like you haven't made any progress? *sigh*
things have gotten so infrequent on this board. i still check it, but only like a few times per day.
good morning everyone. creeper!!!!!!!
twist my arm. fine! i'll take the job, lz.
2 years experience, $28/hour? where do i sign?! i can start in 2 years. i need time to get experience, of course!
i actually think that she had second thoughts because of the hours. she's currently working 15:00-1:30 seven on/seven off. she hates it. i'm hiring for 15:00-23:30 m-f, and only offered her 8 cents more an hour (which is still a ton. we're talking about paying someone with only 2 years experience $28/hour here). i think she decided it wasn't worth it, especially since she'd be leaving last with no security. but to blame it on a previously sceduled interview is just...tacky.
the joys of adulting, eh creeper?
hi lz- i'm so sorry.  people are just legitimately the worst. and to everyone else - apologies are much appreciated.  i too heard about maple match!  but i think i'd rather be locked into a job than a relationship!  ... maybe i'll get the job first, use maple match and so on and so forth. i want to hear more about this visit!  i haven't been on much.  i miss everyone and do read from time to time... but at my job i can quite literally be fired for being on my phone.  so i can never check at work.  :(
and here i was about to say how my day just finally went to hell at 11 pm. i can sympathize with about half of that, so i'm sending you all the sympathy i can, man! that's really horrible.  so wait, "i'd like the job!" went to "no, sorry" because you had one more interview to conduct? why would someone suddenly not want a job because another interview for it came up and they'd have to wait a day or two?
holy frozen crap on a stick, guys! it's amazing how much work piles up when you're away for three weeks, and how quickly the workplace you've put together can fall apart! so, i fired the perpetually late dead weight on october 3. then had the seizure on the 8, didn't come back until november 1. in my absence, only two candidates were interviewed. when i came back, i learned that one of my hard-working techs was interviewing for another job the next day. we had to work fast to get her a raise so she wouldn't bail. i finished up interviews and extended a job offer today. the person declined because she told me on tuesday that she wanted the job, but i still had an interview to do. i told her that and that i would let her know today what my decision was. she declined the offer because when i told her that, it really hurt her feelings. it's been five or six weeks since i let the one tech go, and i don't have any prospects for employees. no one i interviewed was interested in the job for one reason or another!! i was told to avoid over-working myself or stressing myself out too much. i've failed there, too! i just want to scream, hit things, and thrash about like a maniac, but my back and neck hurt too much for any od that nonsense! gaaaaaahhhhhh!!!
that moment the lunch you brought from home is so disgusting you can't even eat half of it.
morning kittens.
i'm sorry you guys are struggling.  i can only imagine how you feel, especially given how i feel, and i'm not even american.  a couple of things i'd like to point out, the world is a crazy place, and change is scary for most.  however, one things end is anothers beginning, and its up to the people, how that new thing starts and what it will do.  sometimes what seems like a bad or scary thing can work out (regardless of intention) to be a good thing.  hope, and strength are what is needed now. if there's one thing that i've learned about americans over the years, is that you guys are strong! you have courage in the face of adversity, and the harder things get, the tougher you do!  i have faith in you guys, and you guys have my support!  keep being awesome, and hold your heads up high!  you've been through worse, and come out the better for it! 'merica!!!
good morning kittens.
not from election stuff. i'very been run ragged at work. could use some extra rest.
good morning all. just woke up and i want to go back to bed.
trust me trinkets. i feel the same way you do. obama did such a great job steering our economy out of the recession & creating health care for millions, i still don't understand how people could forget that. all i keep reading about is how scared the white working class was for a changing world. um, hate to break it to you but the world has been changing since it began. i've seen how the world has changed so much  (most of it for the better) in the half century i have been on the planet. nothing wrong with change.
sorry if i bummed everyone out.
i've been in a bad place all day. i just can't get over this trump election. ok,  there certainly is a lot that the us needs to change. our politicians are a bunch of self-righteous and greedy wankers who do little to help this country. it is embarrassing and heartbreaking. the amount of money wasted by our government is unfathomable.  we need change. we need it bad. but donald trump is not the agent of change we need. hopefully we all get through his term relatively unscathed and it actually creates positive change. but i doubt it.
@gm, that was awesome! i lol'ed!
@geist, ok, so it is my fault... damnit! back to square one!  i'll put a bug in her ear.  then when she's calmed down and stopped freaking out about the bug, i'll ask her to send them to you! ;)
nothing like getting a call from the bank saying "for $19.99 a month, we will send you a quarterly credit report". and not understanding "i'm not interested at all" the first two times you say it.
@bakhan: i'm still waiting for misty to send me the photos that she took. then i will post them in the litter box.
@zem, geist took pictures, its not my fault this time... i swear! ;)
@geist, i will be making more, no worries, i just need to find a good source for maple sugar... i'm afraid of costco, go there to get a couple of things, drop $500+... >.>
ooh, was there maple bacon brittle at the kitten con? dang, i want some! which reminds me, we need pictures! ;)
now if i only had some maple bacon brittle to soothe my frazzled nerves. *gives bakhan a sad puppy dog look*
@geist, of course you can, best part is you already have a stash of maple! ;)
can't i just get a regular canadian citizenship?
@gm: someone mentioned that app this morning at the office. seems this brand new app is generating a lot of downloads now that the spray tan testicle was voted into office
@creeper: i just saw a news article that might help you with finding a sponsor. it's for a new dating app...called maple match. apparently you can select the citizenship you are looking for. i kind of had a good laugh while reading about it.
@zem: everyone with a brain?
kanye 2020 who wouldn't want kim k as the first lady?! kony 2012
either one of these would work for me. michelle obama 2020! or van jones 2020!
just heard clinton's concession speech and obama's follow up. i will miss him in the white house. his intelligence and soothing words will be sorely missed.
awh, thanks guys.  it feels good to know i'm surrounded by good people.
@creeper, sending out warm fuzzies!  if i had any pastry connections, i would look into it for you!  as i told geist earlier, you're strong enough to get through this!  this too shall pass!
@creeper: if i could, i would. also, awesome song just came on my ipod. as if the world wasn't ending by sonata arctica.
anyone up north wanna hire a full-time pastry chef and sponsor me?
oh kittens...i need love.
morning kittens.
@geist, that sounds wonderful! pop shoppe ftw!
@bakhan: i smuggling home a bottle of the pop shoppe's black cherry soda. i might have that tonight with some vodka.
@geist, i don't doubt it, i was certainly surprised.  couldn't sleep very well either, so i'm pretty tired today as well.  we're here for you, if you need it though! i know that you're strong enough to handle this, and anytime you need a break, you know where we are! ;)
@bakhan: i'm still in a state of shock. the republicans have also won the house and senate so this is nothing but a shit show for the next 4 years
@geist, its all yours if you want it! i'm so sorry, i can only imagine how upset you must be.  misty was inconsolable last night, it was very traumatic for her too.
morning bakhan. my room is still available, right?
morning kittens.
it is a dark day.
@trinkets: i have no words. none. so fucking disappointed in my country right now. fun fact: the canadian immigration website crashed around 8 pm last night. i wonder why.
seriously,  what the in hell is wrong with people! !!!!!!!!!!????????!!!!!!
as of right now, i am very sad for america.
voter #1239. dump trump!!! bring on teh booze!!!
only 2 drinks? yeah, with this election, i'm feeling like you're going to need more than that. nobody will be happy about this (or probably at least shouldn't be), only much less sad if one candidate wins. not many people i know actually, truly support either candidate. so sad this election has come down to "well, they're not the other person". it's like in school, when everyone jokes about turning in the tests blank so the curve puts everyone up to a good grade, but nobody ever has the guts to do it. this election finally went that far.
2 drinks?  not enough.  glad i bought a new bottle of fruit .....er i mean brandy lay night.
@geist, be brave! have two drinks! ;) best of luck today!
morning kittens!
morning kittens. @geist: don't you mean doom-four-year?
yeah, it's definitely the purpose. to be used in the two- or three-of-a-kinds, or the 5 different card match-ups to pair with whatever you want it to as a wild card.
i meant in the card explanation rules.
thanks micah & rod - you agree with her that it's a wild no-instruction card. i thought it was just another no-instruction card, that is what i interpreted the explanation to mean. is your position confirmed by the creators? she emailed them about 10 days ago and no response yet (bears v babies i suppose).
morning kittens. doomsday is here. or not depending on how the election goes. either way i plan to go straight to the polling booth after work and then straight to bed. (after a stiff drink first) radio silence from me for the rest of the day until this nightmare of an election is over.
@jim, zem is right. the feral cat is wild, so can be used unrestricted in the many of a kinds. it seems to be a wasteful strategy but it's legit.
jim, the feral cat is a wild card for any of the face cat matches- ie tacocat, beardcat, or potatocat- just like a joker card. it's used for making the pairs or three of a kind to request cards or the 5 different cards to draw from the discard pile.  if what you're saying she says is that you can use it to amplify any action card like attack or see the future, no, it's just a wild face card.
quick question about the imploding kittens expansion. my wife thinks "feral car" is a wild card that can be used as a duplicate of any other card with no instructions as far as 3 of a kind etc. i say it's just another card that can be collected in 3 of a kind etc.
@trinkets: an apple brandy a day keeps the doctor away
vodka is a veggie. @geist....., that is my type of thinking!! brandy is a fruit then.  i just drank myself healthy and tipsy!
honestly, i don't care about the election at this point. i just want it to be over. actually, i want it to be 3-4 months from now when the uproar after it ends because you know whomever wins, it's going to be a total shitfest. i'm already on edge and hating it all. can't we just call mulligan and start over from scratch knowing what's at stake and the two people it would actually come down to?
i was gonna make a joke about pointing fingers, but wimp lo made it too easy. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@bakhan: i did have many on friday...shot of sambuca(3-4 of them), plus 3 stella.
@gm, thats why you don't just have a drink, have many! ;)
@geist: after friday, i don't think my manager would be too happy if i went for a drink...lunch ended up being 2.5 hours. >.>
@gm: vodka is a veggie. just saying
sad gm time. i dropped my veggies on the floor....and i'm still hungry but want to save money.
"yup, nothing to report. it's still being produced. go back to you complaints" i'd love it if elan actually posted that. might get people to stop asking for so many updates. and enough with asking for the ek deck with bvb deck. i think the only people who ask for that are the ones that want to sell the deck on ebay.
@geist: or even just whenever something important comes up. maybe a weekly update for the stretch goal progress, but that's it that it should be. nothing worse than a weekly update of "yup, nothing to report. it's still being produced. go back to you complaints"
as helpful as updates are, do we really need one every single day? once a week is plenty.
@gm, that is why sarcasm and text never really work out that well...  thats why i always add a winky smile to my text, so that it gives the clue that i'm just being an ass, which really any of the kc should know by now... ;)
@geist: it's not even the shipping that people are impatient about. it's the update. i mean, it's barely 9:15am in california, and people have been practically demanding it for over an hour. most people tend to start work between 8am and 9am. and with us not knowing when they start, give them until noon at the minimum.
@bakhan: and people, that we know are being sarcastic, saying the wrong things without mentioning that it isn't true. that's why in slack i told zem to tone down the sarcasm. there was quite some confusion from some of them.
i'm with you guys, i don't comment there all that often as i don't like the overall tone that is going on.  too much stressing and not nearly enough sillyness.... ;)
@gm: i expected that behavior from newbies but not from corps members. elan has a great track record of getting merchandise shipping on time.  you'd think they would remember that
wow...people in bvb are very impatient...and it's not just new people either. some of the corp members are being impatient...glad i practically stopped commenting there
@geist, lol!, its all yours should you need it! ;)  pumpking too, if you want her... ;) (just kidding of course)
@bakhan: give pumpkin a belly rub for me. i miss her meowing in the morning
if the tangerine testicle gets elected, i will need to borrow the spare room is slept in for the next four years bakhan. :-p
morning kittens.
@geist, my best advice is to just duck and cover.... good luck!
morning kittens.
morning kittens. less than 24 hours until doomsday. maybe.
that's strange. i don't feel like i've gotten an extra hour of sleep
have a great weekend kittens!
@gm, lol, yeah, you need liver training if you're going to be hanging out with sales people, or their managers... ;)
so...i should probably eat more before going out to lunch with our sales manager...i am not used to mid-day drinking...with shots of sambuca.
*;)
oh, i didn't even know christmas was a weekend. i don't plan that far ahead, usually a day or two at most.
so...i was a bit bored(okay, a lot bored), and decided to look back in time and see what(on ks) some people have been up to. some are backing current running projects(including bvb, but not commenting). and almost all others just up and poofed. other have backed various other campaigns, but haven't been commenting much.
@zem: i never work weekends. the 24th and 25th are the weekend, so i don't count those as days off since i already have them off.
ard & only a little horseradish
@gm: good point. i agree with everything you said except i would slather on a ton of must
@geist: you lost me at lettuce and tomato. to me a roast beef sandwich just needs these things: bread, beef, mayonnaise, horseradish, and a touch of dijon mustard.
@geist, i'm glad, that would have made a big mess otherwise! ;)  now the key is to put that syrup to good use! ;)  i actually went with openfaced hot beef sandwiches, that gravy was too good to pass up! ;)
@bakhan: my bottles of maple syrup got back to the states intact
cold roast+mustard+lettuce & tomato+bread=good eating
@gm, i hear you buddy, its only my second day back and i'm looking forward to more time off, even if it is without pay... >.>
morning kittens. almost the weekend...so close, yet so far.
@trinkets, good morning sir! anytime you wanna pop by, i throw one in for ya! ;)
good morning all. thanks, now i'm hungry for a roast.
@geist, i just had left over roast for dinner last night! still pretty damn tasty, if i do say so myself! ;)
morning kittens!
now, is this ebeneezer scrooge or scrooge mcduck?  not that it makes much of a difference, one just has a more fun accent.
i work for scrooge.
gm, you get the 23rd and 26th off, but not the 24th and 25th? harsh. ;) or wait, if you really don't get those off... *shudders*, nah i don't think ebeneezer scrooge inc. is still around.
i will try to see if i can log into the litter box this weekend and post some of the pictures i took at our first kitten con. the picture of the roast should encourage more folks to make it up to calgary next year.
sorry i've been so quiet kittens. month end close has been brutal. good thing it's a short work week for me. yay the cubs won. i feel a little proud since my connecting flight was in chicago.
like hell i'm not. we go every year to my grandpa's grave on remembrance day. i told my manager, and she said "yup, you're off that day". they want to give us dec 27th off instead...it's all the payrolls that week, and we're already off on the 26th(i will be working from home that day). so i'm coming in on the 27th. also, they can't legally have us work on the 11th since they only gave us notice at 10m today. i know they are trying to wiggle their way into making it work, but it won't. not if they want to remain compliant with the labour code. i think it all comes from one person(who "works" - read "goes hiking" from home every friday) wanting longer christmas vacation(we already have the 23rd and 26th off...)
so i take it you're not getting next friday off then?
nothing like people trying to change what day we get for a stat, with less than 10 days notice, when on the canada labour code, they have to give at least 30 days.
i had a pen that the outside was a spring, you could bend it almost 90 degrees and the cartridge wouldn't break, it just took a regular style insert, not one of the fancy ones, it worked will for a couple of years and then the clicking assembly self destructed one day, shooting out all over the place.  it was cool, and its missed... ;)
so, i just saw a campaign for a fidget pen, and it can bend...which makes me wonder what pen refills actually bend, and return to their straight position without breaking.
morning kittens.
good morning kittens!
gm, usually the little kids are done around 8:30, but all the smart older kids go out that early as well, otherwise all the good candy is gone.
@geist, it was truly a pleasure for my wife and i! thank you so much for coming!!! hopefully next year will be bigger and better!
hey kittens! just checking in! ;)
@geist: apparently there were about 50 total, but when i got home the lights were off, and the streets were empty. and that was around 8:30pm.
afternoon gm! did you get any trick or treaters on halloween?
morning kittens.
glad you had fun! and i do hope i can make it eventually, though no real promises can be made now.
kitten con was much fun. thank you bakhan for hosting me & showing me around banff. hopefully more of the corps will make it next year.
morning, geist!  hey, it's morning somewhere! probably japan or china.
morning kittens.
wow, this campaign still has people commenting on it?!  ... oh, wait...
good morning all.
heck yeah, ukay!!
best game ever... had a ball of a time everytime!
man, regarding the week and weekend i just had, i really should have forced myself up there for kittencon! it would have only been like 20 hours over 2 days, sleeping whenever i wanted, and had i known what this past week would have been like for me, i would have missed some great stuff, but enjoyed life much more on the whole. oh well, new week, hopefully much better time. at least by next week life should be good again.
*cracks whip* have fun, dang it!
hope you're having the most fun you've had in years, geist! i really wish i could be there, but things didn't work out, so you have to have even more fun to make up for my slack!
canada is great. i am taking plenty of pictures to post in the litter box
geist. how is canadanadana?
*blinks*
that's probably how i'll be too since the new skyrim version came out. between that and paper mario, i'll disappear forever! but my brother and a roommate were both on steam playing the new skyrim when i went to bed last night, really late already. my roommate had also said he was going to sleep like 3 hours before!
good morning all. zem, that's how i am with skyrim. i go to bed at 10:00 and end up playing until 12:30 or later usually.
lz, i've never had problems commenting, you should know that. ;) nah, it was probably just ks acting up or a wifi error or something, but it rectified in the end. well, i wanted to stop playing paper mario at 11, ended up doing it at midnight, and now it's nearly 1. yup, that went exactly as i expected! i'm getting to know myself and work around myself a bit too much now... it's disconcerting.
:-d
problem solved
weird. i can't comment there.
no problems
i am having trouble finding the time to comment on there, but no trouble actually doing so that i know of. i'll go check it out
actually, bakhan, i think you're confusing glioma with glioblastoma. a glioblastoma is the worst kind. glioma is an umbrella term for brain tumor.
anyone else having trouble commenting on the bears vs babies page?
howdy creeper!!
awwwhhh, reading about your trip.  so sad i can't be there!
hello kittens
lol, i didn't even notice it was bumbling and not bumping
have fun in the land of milk and maple-syrup, geist! haha, maybe the ancient hebrews were actually trying to migrate to canadia but settled for honey instead of syrup.
wait, could you say the couple were busy bees the way they kept bumbling into you? also, window seats are the best! great scenery!
couldn't even read my book. they kept bumbling into me. win some/lose some.
that sucks. i was almost late for a flight once and was pushed up into first class because that was the only seat available. free booze, bog soft seats, every whim taken care of. it was the best. on my return flight, i was not as lucky. stuck next to a very active couple. and the air vents didn't work. and it was a window seat. and the movie was the man in the iron mask. pretty bad flight home, lol
wouldn't know. i'm still stuck at the airport. they are late boarding the plane.
good morning geist.  how's the land of oot and aboot?
morning trinkets
good morning all.
aw, but the flavor is the best part of books! you don't know what you're missing! ` dang, i even still keep forgetting to comment here! it's just too much!  good luck and fun in canadia, geist!
@trinkets: as much as i love them, i'm surprised i don't already
thanks bakhan,  i suppose i could have googled it and found it out, but bakhan was faster than google.
are you eating books, geist?
mmmm. bookstores.
@trinkets, basically it's a type for f brain cancer that responds much better to treatment then the first one he was diagnosed with. the first one they thought was a glioma which is pretty much the worst kind. this one is still pretty serious but can be treated well, basically it's still bs just not total bs. how could any of this be good right?
thanks for doing some stalking zem. i have zero understanding about what the diagnosis is. hopefully that's good and more hopefully it's better than what they said.
don't have too much fun you guys. butter tarts. don't know what they are, but they sound delish!
i will get the list completed tomorrow. you said ones in the nw, correct?
i've got whoopie pies, cupcakes, chocolate mice, mbb made already, and i'll be doing the witches knuckles (savoury and delicious) tonight! tomorrow i'm starting on the chocolates!!!
@gm, sounds perfect!!! awesome job man!  did you get a chance to make a list of used bookstores?
they're a little darker around the edges...but not burnt.
we could definitely stop by a movie theatre but i can't see myself having that much time to go myself. we'd have a much better chance of watching one here though. or you guys might be able to go on friday while i'm slaving away in the kitchen too. either way we can figure something out. ;)
omg!!! butter tarts!!! how did it go?
@geist: i'm sure that can be arranged. as for actually seeing a movie...well, we'll see. ;)
butter tarts! mmmm. can't wait to taste those. can i visit a movie theater while i'm there?
@geist: yup, we have a bunch that do that. @bakhan: the butter tarts are made, and cooling.
*sigh* the number one sign that i am about to go on vacation? i have a rotten day at work. nearly 12 hours and i didn't get a chance to get the last component for my costume. you have craft stores in canada that sell fake roses, right bakhan?
@zem, thanks for posting that, its good to hear some good news. i hope lz is cool with it, i mean we all care about him, but we don't all have fb.
i was thinking all of today about people we haven't heard from in awhile, and it occurred to me that we haven't heard from lz in a week, and he hasn't checked in for a few days now. so i checked his facebook wondering if there were any updates with him, and saw this post from yesterday, though it feels weird to be posting his post without permission (sorry!): "i met with a neuro oncologist today. i have a grade 3 anaplastic astrocytoma with all the good prognosticators. i will begin 6 weeks of radiation and chemotherapy within the next week or two. i have a good chance of being alive in 5 or 10 years, and a decent chance of living beyond that." so yeah, so far so good, it would seem! just thought you all might want to know that if you hadn't seen it or anything.
bakhan, those reaper chips? dude... good luck! do it at the party! then right after, you can do the gallon of milk challenge! ;) ` man, i keep forgetting about this board now! i'm way too used to only checking one, so i come here and all this stuff happened! but if you guys aren't over talking often on bvb, we miss you! ` have fun in canada, geist! so exciting! make sure to take hundreds of pictures (and actually upload them to the litter box this year) so the rest of us can all pretend like we're there!
@bakhan: still looking like most of my day will be spent doing laundry and stuff around the house. did i mention my mom wanted my dad and i to bring the winter tires for his jeep up from the backyard(both sides of the house are terraced, with trees all over and we don't have decent lighting on either side) last night, around 7:30 - when it was already too dark to see very good? i was the voice of reason, saying i don't feel like getting stabbed in the face by a tree, or breaking my ankle stepping wrong.
@zem, zem zem zem! guess what i found in the grocery store?!!! the paquis one chip challenge!!! i don't know if i have the guts to try it or not, but i got one anyways... ;)
@gm, i believe bitter tarts and pecan tarts are very similarly made. butter tarts use raisins instead of poison though... ;). any thoughts about tomorrow yet?
only a few more hours...then i can leave, and take my laptop(oh joy) and be off for a nice long weekend.
i will be sure to omit the nuts(glanced at the recipe last night and saw pecans...not sure if it was the following recipe, or the butter tart one)
@gm, please do! nuts and me = bad times! unless you guys really want to see a live action pulp fiction scene... ;) conversely i will be doing my upmost to keep you and geist safe from fishyness! my wife did get some bacon wrapped scallops but those will be pretty obvious (and she didn't know about your guys' allergies).
@bakhan: i should keep all nuts away from it though, right?
also...tonight i am helping make butter tarts(i actually am terrible at baking...so my mom is making them with my help)
@gm, that's great news about phil! whoo hoo!
@geist, its almost time! kittens gonna be 'sploding all over the place! ;)
even though i'm off tomorrow, friday, and monday, i will still have my laptop because i know there will be something i need to clarify for my manager.
good morning all. have fun up there, geist!!! you guys are making me total jelly. instead of hanging out and partying north of the border, i'll be slaving away at work and having more of this election garbage thrown up all over me. and painting the mansions of madness expansion figures. i guess i will have a little fun.
morning kittens. last day of work this week. got word from phil last night, he will be joining us on saturday.
can't believe that in a little over 24 hours, i'll be heading north. my bags are 80% packed and there are still a few items i need to pick up before i go. can't wait to get on the plane. then this will feel real.
@geist, the nicest day will be the day you arrive, 54f! the average high while you are here will be in the low to mid 40s. still every day above freezing is a good one! ;)
@paul hughes, this long after the campaign ended, i doubt it. but you can always buy a couple of packs of card sleeves and not only is your problem solved, your cards will last longer.
is there a way to get replacement cards? some of my exploding kitten cards, as in the actual exploding kitten cards, have print errors on the reverse which makes them incredibly obvious when they come up which kind of defeats the point :)
also...did you see the new colour that was unlocked for the polygon? i like it. same with the hells kitchen one.
@geist: currently, we're sitting at a cool 42.79f(as of a few moments ago updating my phones weather app)
@bakhan: what is the weather looking like? it's in the 50's down here so it must be closer to 30 to 40 degrees where you are. either way, i'm planning on wearing my new winter coat when i step off the plane. full description of said coat and other identifying clothing will be posting here tomorrow. i should probably start to actually pack my clothes....
never mind...he just messaged me and he is likely working it.
also, i'm waiting to hear back from phil about saturday. he mentioned he would see his schedule last night, and i have him until shortly after 1pm before i messaged him(he should be up by now at least).
@gm, ok, fair enough, let me know what you decide.
@geist, lol! glad you approve! ;) i've been told (while in florida) that's it's almost like real money! ;) to me it feels too plasticky not like how money should feel, but it is what it is. on thursday, i will be holding the imploding kittens cone of shame! that should make it easy for you! oh and btw, imploding kittens arrived yesterday! ;)
@bakhan: i'm thinking, i'm going to spend most of the day doing things that i need to do this weekend(laundry mostly), and then probably either tomorrow night, or thursday, make those butter tarts(didn't get around to it because everyone was busy this past weekend with the start of the hockey season for the little ones)
@trinkets, awesome! i think you're secretly on a mission to convince me to get an airbrush... ;) you can't beat primer as your starting base, that's what it's designed for! ;)
@gm, did you want to come with us to pick up geist from the airport? if so you should probably be at my house by 2 or so. ;)
nothing like walking back from the bathroom, not even at the door leading to where your office is, and bam! a wave of cologne hits you(probably 4 feet from the door still, with it closed).
did you guys see this latest knock off? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/trinhnguyen91/accelerate-the-exploding-card-game…
afternoon kittens. sorry for being so quite. very busy at work trying to finish everything before i leave for canada. got my money exchanged this afternoon. man, canadian money is really colorful and pretty. makes the u.s. dollar look like plan jane in comparison.
oh yeah, this board exists still, doesn't it? don't forget to vote for the cub sub name!
bakhan,  i brushed a couple of areas on some figures to try that out.  it worked ok. i air brushed the rest with thinned primer. that worked fantastic.  no loss of detail and it seems to be a really great base to start with.
@bakhan: not sure how much rest i will be getting after tomorrow. i do have thur-mon off after all.
@ gm, good to hear! get your rest! if you need a costume, i can hook you up!
@trinkets, i'm a brush guy. haven't dared to start down that airbrush path... ;). i do thin it down though, i would think especially for airbrush applications as well. you can always do a couple of coats. if it goes on too thick that lovely detail gets lost.
@bakhan: yeah, i'm feeling better...if a little sleepy. but that i can handle easier than nausea. also...i'm still trying to figure out a costume for the party....i am so bad at deciding things like this.
if you airbrush it on, do you thin it?
bakhan,  when you use the vallejo surface primer,  do you apply by brush or airbrush?
good morning all.
@gm, sorry to hear you weren't feeling well! hopefully today is better for you!
morning kittens!
morning kittens
update!!! no, not here, why are you looking here for an update? leave a comment on how your day is going and go back to bvb!
oh, 72 hours for that! i was going to say, it's alot more than that to friday. really wish i could have gone up to see you guys! now you'll just have to split all that fun amongst yourselves. such a terrible conundrum!
gm, that's what my day has been like so far. i greatly considered skipping the rest of my classes after 2 hours of nearly throwing up in class, including an exam. but i'm better now, just feel like the concept of sleep isn't in my vocabulary with an exam in the hardest subject i've ever taken coming up later today, so nothing terrible. other than that, though, it's a great day!
@bakhan: i feel like i should have...not fun being at work when you wake up feeling about to throw up. -.-
morning kittens! just barely... ;) i may have slept in... ;)
morning kittens! @geist: i know, it's so close i can almost taste the freedom of being off work.
exactly 72 hours and counting
ah, good, i caught this before 24 hours this time. i know i wasn't "chief of spam" on this board, but if not for me, it would be perfectly stagnant for now 3 days.  maybe it'll pick back up during the week? (he asked hopefully)
aaah! a full day! red alert! alert the reds!
hey, we can't let the comments die here as well!  and on that note, time to go to bed and let the comments halt again anyways.
@zem: you're getting them earlier than me. i have yet to place an order for them.
for some reason i thought you said this weekend, and that week is what confused me so much. i'm apparently getting them much later than many people here as it is.
@zem, well yes, but you see that 20 hour drive you were facing, turns into a week by post... :(
bakhan, i already received mine. ... they're at home. i can't get it until this weekend. (well, maybe today, it is the weekend, huh?) i have the darn thing and i can't even play it!
sweet! i just got notice i'll be recieving imploding kittens on the 26th! oh its so on! ;)
good morning kittens!
@geist, sorry to hear that you are having to work so hard!  thats just crazy! re: goodie bags, yeah, just try and stop her... ;)  nanaimo bars live up to the hype!  and i really do want to launch a ks for the mbb but i've still got a pile of research and leg work to do first.  cross boarder shipping and food inspection are my biggest concerns. i will get there eventually, but if playing in a band has taught me anything, practice practice practice, and prepare! ;)
sorry i haven't been chatting much. the work load has been brutal. i worked 15 hours straight wednesday and i'm still trying to recover. @bakhan: the is no need for a goodie bag for me. you guys are being way generous enough by giving me a place to eat and sleep plus showing me around. i'll start my packing this weekend so that on wednesday night all i have to do is come back home and take a nap. so excited and nervous. i've never had a nanaimo bar before. if they are as good as you make them sound, then gm will have to are wrestle me for them. also, i've told one of my office workers about your maple bacon brittle. she said she is willing to pay you for some. see? you have a customer already.
gaaah! well, this one wasn't so bad, still works, and reminded me i need to check here more often, but i keep posting to one rather than the other!
good thing the game crashed, helped me realize it's almost too late to get food already!
@bakhan: pff, i'm not sca....okay, maybe i am scared.
@gm, you may have to arm wrestle misty and geist for one... i don't know about your chances... ;)
@bakhan: so...what's everyone else having? those nanaimo bars are as good as gone now that i know of them.
@gm, thats awesome! did i mention that i have a friend bringing nanaimo bars? ^ ^
@bakhan: now i definitely need to up my game on the butter tarts(going to be using my mom's recipe for it)
@geist and gm, oh and you guys should know, my wife made up special halloween goodie bags for both of you! goodies! not quite trinkets, but still.... ;)
@geist, one week to go! excited yet? ;)
gm, wow, that's... fortunate! now you don't have to go, she already approved you missing this meeting! ;)
dang, i only check here a couple times per day. i told you it's hard for me to have two boards! now imagine if they make a third campaign! i'll go crazy! there's just not enough spam, and i live near a huge spam factory, just a drive away!
i told her that i was off and not returning until the 1st, and she told me to get a list of items that needed to be brought up(it's a meeting regarding how everything is going with the new hiring process that was started last wednesday...the cfo, accounting manager, both hr managers, benefits coordinator, myself, and my manager are all supposed to be there...it was originally scheduled for today, in 30min @ 10am)
@gm, that was thoughful of her!  i have yet to remind my manager that i'm off from next week till nov. 3rd... oh well... ;)
...my manager just tried to set a meeting for a day she approved of me being off work.
morning kittens.
good morning kittens!
good morning all.
off to bed.  night everyone.
i will be voting. i voted in our state primary.
see?  they're both scum, so we're all scum for choosing between them.
bakhan, or as i like to say it, we get to choose between a convicted clown and mechahitler mkii.
apple, that's shameless advertising on an already dead platform. they're advertising it on other media, like their sites, twitter, and fb, but here would just be throwing hay at a dead horse. once everything was settled here, i think they moved on and won't worry about the original ek anymore, no more updates because nothing to update. this is a whole new project, and they want to keep it separate that way.
why no product update regarding your new project on ks.
@gm, still, voting down there is like being between a rock and a hard place, or a scumbag and a dipshit... clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right.... you know what i mean.
@bakhan: not really...we will have to put up with whichever one wins either way
@gm, we're thankful, very very, thankful!
@cb: but what about us who can't vote in the upcoming election?
@zem, that's easy.  all we need to do is vote in the upcoming election, or not vote in the upcoming election.  either way, we're scum.
2016 does seem to be a bad year for celebrities, and only the good die young... everybody! i found how to get around the 2016 curse! we all have to be terrible, horrible humans, the scum of the earth, but not so bad that we become infamous and well-known! underworld overlords as it were! that way we'll live forever!
@cb: i try not to. but the world sometime has other plans.
2016 has sucked enough.
i don't even want to think of it after losing my dog last year and my wife this year.  let's nobody die today, ok?
yeah, i for one am glad it manifested when it did, otherwise we might have lost you completely without warning! our resident hot sauce maker gone like that! ;) i've always wondered about that. if one of us did somehow go suddenly and unexpectedly, nobody would know. we'd just drop off the board, and it'd probably take days for someone to check their facebook or something to find out. it's just a weird thought, and i'm too morbid sometimes.
morning kittens. @lz: well, sucks that the diagnosis was that, good thing they caught it as early as they did. and definitely take your time with it, we're all here for you.
@lz, i'm glad to hear it! you do your best to stay strong, and they'll do the rest.  now go hug your family or something, i got something stuck in my eye. ;)
thanks, bakhan! i'm actually pretty confident in the people i'll be seeing. i've been seeing a doctor with the university of utah neurology unit, and he's referring me to a couple of oncologists at the huntsman cancer institute.
morning kittens!
@lz, we're praying for you brother! one of the good/bad things about having a spouse thats a doctor is that is exactly what she was worried about.  when i told her you weren't going to be able to come, and why, she immediately broke into tears and started frantically researching which clinics were the best in your area.  if it would be of any help, i can forward that on to you.  i didn't want to overwhelm you when this first dropped.  i just can't accept it to be honest, its so gd unfair!  there are so many douche bags in the world, why does it have to hit the good people?  we'll be here for you, in whatever way you need.  you need to kick this things ass and show it who's lord! you just worry about what lies ahead, we've got your back!
lz, kick it's ass!!
good morning all!
@lz: i co-sign what cb said. you have my support & i'll keep you in my thoughts
oh, there it is. anyway, goodnight all!
wait. did ks just eat my comment? wtf, ks?!
eh, no harm done. i get where you're coming from. i appreciate the concern and well wishes.
eew. sorry, when i speak my mind, it's either blithering spam or a blathering block of text. just imagine it's two separate comments. and just presume i'm an ass and my mannerisms will usually be above expectations, referring to the latter half.
you never talk anymore! (in a new england accent) (i don't know why, must be a reference i can't think of right now) yeah, the prognosis seems like it'll come soon, which is what i was grateful for, but yeah, you had an excuse and a legitimate doctor's note, but it's like watching a weekly tv show and being driven crazy you don't know exactly what's going on at this very second in the most tense part. ;) i completely understand though. ` funnily enough, i was just going to comment something about this very thing: i worry too much in conversations like this that i might come off as an asshole and avoid saying nearly anything or too much, but if i worry too little, i know for a fact i will. i usually become self-aware and hope it all settles in a safe middle ground and i'm expressed while not crossing any lines. it's even harder to do on text and not in person, but i figure you're probably not a super easily offended person.
@lz, take your time with coping.  the worst thing you can do is try to ignore your feelings.
unless you're talking about the surgery. that was a week ago. but, then again, i wasn't up to chatting about it then. something about having a hole cut into my head. dang! i've really gotten into the spirit of this whole zombie thing, haven't i?!
so long after it happens? i just found out about it like 6 hours ago...
that's great, though somewhat annoying how you tell us this stuff so long after it happens, though i only even say that because it means we rarely hear from you anymore. but that all sounds good!
i should be getting a call from the local cancer institute tomorrow or the next day. they'll be able to give me some more information.
oh, they did the surgery. they got about 95% of the tumor. we're really hoping that radiation and chemotherapy will destroy the other 5% for several years.
when do you find out more, lz?
oh no...  looking it up, that explains the seizure that alerted you to this all. i wish i knew anything about cancer and treatments, but all i can say is cliches or things that through text could be misconstrued as insensitive.  no surgery, though? is it in an unoperable area or too risky?
i'm coping okay at the moment. i think it's largely because it hasn't hit me quite yet. i'm remaining hopeful that the prognosis will be good.
lz- i'm so sorry.  how are you coping?
@lz, horrible news!  we're all here for you whenever you're able to check in.
sorry i've been away so much, guys. i had an appointment with the neurologist this afternoon. he told me that i have a type 3 glioma in my brain. it's going to require radiation and chemotherapy.
yeah, but that's shameless advertising on an already dead platform. they're advertising it on other media, like their sites, twitter, and fb, but here would just be throwing hay at a dead horse. once everything was settled here, i think they moved on and won't worry about the original ek anymore, no more updates because nothing to update. this is a whole new project, and they want to keep it separate that way.
why hasn't elan sent an update through this ks about b&b? 200k people would get an email about it!!
dang it! i need some way to force me not to comment here accidentally! grr!
oh yeah, "wiper" is a great title for anyone! ;)
everyone here, if you're here, don't be. go over to bears vs babies and help keep up the 24/7 streak! also be here, though. we can't let this board die!
hopefully tomorrow
need to make a grand entrance.  fashionably late sort of thing.
nice to see idle/wild pop in again!!
@trinkets: awesome! we're getting the gang back together!
to answer you from last night,  painting is going good, bakhan.  just got my vallejo surface primer today. can't wait to use it.
i will be, gm
@trinkets: not going to jump in on bears vs babies, the new game by elan and crew?
dang it, happened again! wrong tab due to manual error! now i've probably missed like 15 comments on bvb!
i know, trinkets, my heart skipped a beat! surprised me when he said micah, and i'm so used to responding to zem right now. ;)
kicktraq says currently trending to 15 million, so haha, that'd be crazy if we could keep this pace up!
son of a.........i missed elan!!!!! nice for you to get singled out there, zem. dream come true.
whoops, meant that comment for bvb! i accidentally closed the other tab and commented it here!
haha, 11,000 backers are returning and only 1,500 are first-time! i bet that's because of the ek holdover!
it'd be especially effective since it'd also be like 1,500 miles away!
@bakhan: i'm 6'4"...varies from day to day depending on how my spine decides to behave.
@zem, you and gm must be pretty close to the same height then.  okay, here's how we'll do, i hold gm up, and he can hold the superbacker title above your reach! whoo! problem solving!
i'll do it then. i'll hold it up above my reach. better yet, my roommate is 6'7", 2m, and i"m 6'3", 1.9m, so he can do it for you!
@gm, did we ever figure out who was taller between the two of you?
@bakhan: i'll hold it up. :p
@zem, which, if i was actually taller than you, would be right up my alley! ;)
i'm super! gimme! i imagine you holding it just above my reach and i keep jumping up trying to grab the label.
@zem, its not about how many projects you've backed, just how super you are! believe it or not, i'm walking on air.... ;)
i hope so, gm! though it got so crazy for that, haha! ` bakhan, what? come on! i would be one if given the time to have stumbled upon enough amazing things, and the money. how many do you need to become a superbacker?
@elan: wait...they added another server? are you expecting another "draw your comments" situation? that was fun...
@elan, a 10% discount for superbackers? oh and if we're shooting for the moon, a sweet sweet ks trinket of some sort? ;)
haha, really? they're going to need a new server for bvb!
any other requests?  so far my list is "threaded messages, @ing, and editing"
they're being really nice to me today :)  they even installed a new server just for us.
@micah, that's a great one.  ok, i'll add that to my list to pester them about
@elan: if that gets implemented, that would be the best thing ever. even if it just sent a notification to the person saying "hey, check this out before you forget about it!"
oh yeah, and definitely the edit feature! you have no clue how much i've needed that on here, though i understand them having this style of comments. these aren't youtube videos or something.
elan, as in actually responding to a person rather than saying something, having their shorthand name, and hoping they see it? that's something i've wanted since i began commenting!
@elan, that would be sweet! if anyone could convince them to do that and add an edit feature, it would be you!
*guttural sound i can't recreate in text* i don't really like switching between two. in fact, i haven't kept up to date with many campaigns because i wanted to be here, and knew i wouldn't be able to actually focus on either if i tried to balance both. i'll get used to it, i guess.
i'm still trying to convince kickstarter to update the community tools so that we at least have threaded messages here!
@zem: probably both...quite likely both.
yeah, i've been wondering if we're really going to jump between the two for all eternity. maybe a month after the campaign, just settle primarily here? who knows, for now, two boards!
@elan: and we have a new hangout to add to this one, thanks to you! definitely looking forward to bvb.
but still, had to make a second game just in case ;)
@elan, well, in truth, we blame you for everything, i mean, you started it and all... ;)
elan! great to see you again! i feel like your mother, but you don't visit anymore! we missed you. ;)
thanks!  so awesome to see that you guys are still in here every day!
@elan, hey guy! great to see you!
hey guys!  sorry i haven't been in here in a while.  been building something :)
writing about those baby bears so that gm can boo-ya.
really? i mean, it's a more arbitrary one and i haven't even thought of that since 100k, but hey, congrats! though how? i had like a 50% chance of doing it!  i wish there was a way to see who got each 1000 comment mark!
guess what? i just snagged the 108k comment. :p
well, there aren't many with that name, and facebook listed him in the likes as it does with your facebook friends, so yeah, it's my cousin. just funny that i had no idea, but facebook told me!
@zem: you're sure it's your cousin? i've known people with the exact same names as people i know, but i don't know the actual person i thought it was.
whoa, on the fidget cube facebook color scheme voting, on one i liked, "nathan burgett and 8k others..." wait, my cousin is in on that project? that's cool, haha, i had no idea! weird how you can find it out like that!
@zem, everybody cut, everybody cut... ;)
this is our coffee-and-chatroom.  mmmmmm... coffee. uh oh, i'm starting to spam like old times! and i've noted the return of the incessant ;)! next you know, our good ol' derpy whale will return and all heck will break loose! foot loose!
@zem: speak for yourself...i go to work every day...and come here...so i guess you're right. >.>
howdy, meow-tair! i hope we'll get some nostalgic faces checking in like you! ` p.s., yes, we have been here the whole time! 5 of us (?) have been here every day or so this whole time because we have no lives.
haha, i didn't support at the $35 level on guts&glory, an amazing game i can't wait for, but i got the steam key for the pre-alpha for hello, neighbor anyways!
i'm so glad to see this comments section is still going!
well, i didn't order that one...yet. maybe sometime later.
and imploding kittens shipped and will arrive friday!!!
elan?  new game?! yes please!!! ` (i'm so sorry wallet. you know i love you. just this one more, i swear!)
gm, i have like 18 followers, but i haven't done anything with it in forever, and i only ever used it really to comment to youtubers. though... my youtube account has 11 subscribers. i've never uploaded anything at all! i have more subscribers than my younger brother who just started making videos! though his lowest videos has more views than i have total.
@bakhan: stella artoi will be just fine. i should be good and thirsty when i land in calgary.
did you guys know that elan just launched a new game?
i tend to read on planes. i try and sleep...but i end up reading instead.
@geist, stella artoi work for you?  i wish i could sleep on planes, but my brain is always so excited, like a dog.  oh, we're going somewhere, omg we're going somewhere!!! even if its just a short crappy work flight, no sleep for me... ;)
actually bakhan, i will most likely be either reading or sleeping on the way there. i'll still bring my ipad but that will be for taking pictures or play a video games while i wait to board
@bakhan: awwww. that is so kind of you. any belgium ale or a nice hefeweizen beer. i'm not fancy. no papst! i'll just kick them over the boarder so that trinkets can drink them.
@geist, window seats are the way to go, plus i hate getting bumped into.  whenever i'm forced to sit in an aisle seat, i just hate it!  unfortunately, where you will cross over into canada the scenery will be pretty boring, but it still beats nothing.  hope you have a good choice of in flight movies!  also, what kind of beer do you drink, i can have it chilling at home, just waiting for you! ;)
@bakhan: i wish! i'm so looking forward to the trip. i got a window seat so that i can look at the canadian landscape when the plane crosses the boarder.
@bakhan: i don't have a picture up on there, and if i'm the type he's after...then all the power to him...wouldn't go anywhere.
@geist, good morning!  is it thrusday the 27th yet? ;)
@gm, probably a stalker... ;) one can always hope right? ;)
morning kittens
so...i got a twitter follower this morning...not sure why, i haven't done anything with twitter in ages.
morning kittens.
good morning kittens! 4 more days of work left till nov. it can't come soon enough!
@zem. go local sports team! whoo! ;)
holy cow, my unl huskers are playing terribly this year, but we're somehow 6-0 so far and the #8 football team in the nation right now! i'm not normally one for sports, this is really the only team i follow, mostly because i'm a volunteer usher for home games, but holy crap! first time we've been 6-0 since 2001! sorry, i know sportsball is such a big topic here, but i just thought it was amazing enough to bring up.
i may end up studying a broad whilst studying abroad. would that work?
zem, maybe you could study a broad?
i know that feel, bakhan. i don't think i even have $1,200! then again, i don't have a job, nor do i need one, but i detassel as you may remember from the rantings this summer, and i made like $1,800 for the whole month of it. which reminds me, i'll miss 2/3 of detasseling this summer due to studying abroad! i'm going to take a hit to my money, but it should be worth it.
...adulting even. >.>
@bakhan: that's half the reason i don't go out to lots of places where i could meet people...it costs money that i am saving to buy a place....once that is down, then i can go meet people, after taking care of bills(adulating sucks!)
@gm, well that pretty much equals my "play" money.  rapidly entering the all work and no play mode.  heeeeeeere's johnny!
@bakhan: that is definitely a fair chunk to be out of pocket.
@zem, well to me it means that i have $1200 less heading into next year.  it may seem trivial, but it certainly cramps my style. i am not at all happy about it.
i mean... more time for christmas, woo, but your wallet may disagree. but hey, most people complain about not enough vacation, now you have 6 free (unpaid) vacation days extra!
@bakhan: that's really shitty.
so i just found out we have to take two days off a month without pay for the next three months! merry chirstmas... >.>
costpoint is a great accounting system but i swear it makes people really  [bleeping] lazy.
honestly, if i could just live somewhere that stays between 60 and 90 all year round, i'd be there now... (or dreaming of it anyways).
i mean, it's really nice weather, but it should be more like 50-55 this week instead of 70.
yeah, it's definitely a bit warmer than it should ever be this time of year. i don't  like it.
@trinkets, hey man, hows the painting going?
good morning all!  unseasonably warm here too. mid 70's and humid.
morning kittens
good morning kittens! the weather is definitely chilly, but all in all, not too bad, its above freezing during the day anyways.  we are supposed to see a bit better weather this week though.  we are supposed to be in the low 40's by the time geist arrives, so make sure you pack some warm things to wear!
our weather was really nice this weekend, so plenty of sitting on the porch with my grandma in between watching football games. supposed to hover on the border of 70 degrees all week, which is perfectly fine with me. woo! 2-day extension on the weekend!!!
morning kittens. we've had spring like weather conditions so far this weekend and it will be in the 80's the rest of this week. will start making a list of the things i will be taking with me to canada. still have to figure out where to go to change my money. (probably the same bank i have my checking account in)
someone want the day shift now? i gotta go again.
i can take the night shift, trinkets. i'll be asleep, but i don't think we're going to have a prof streaking incident tonight.
have fun zem. i guess i can hold the fort down!!
well, most of my weekend turned out to be visiting my grandparents, which is pretty nice! though i won't be able to comment on here, but knowing you guys on the weekend, that shouldn't be a problem.
howdy gang!! glad to see lz popping in. hope everything continues to go good,  lz!!! off to bed. have to be at work in 6 hours.
adulting sucks. adulting for 12 hours sucks even more. going to go home now and fall into bed.
gm, that sounds like they just want you to take a break and read a book or something! i mean, your boss may not see that as productive, but you can't do too much else.
network outages are fun....can't work on anything. hell, i restarted my computer and now it won't log me in.
@zem, sorry bro, i've been too busy adulting all day, something about the cold.... sigh...
nearly-after-noon, gm! sure is quiet on here today. probably a good thing because from later today until evening monday, i won't be here, so i'll only be able to check in once in awhile likely.
morning kittens.
geist, why wait?!
good morning kittens!
congrats on your recovery lz! i'll have a drink in your honor after work today.
woo! my last class was canceled tomorrow, so just two classes and then to go home for the long weekend!!! that's one good part about school. more scheduled vacation. though if you move to the right country, you can blow even elementary school breaks out of the water!
good to hear from you again! hope the recovery is coming along good so far!
i'm doing really well. i'm sure the pain will go away soon.
lz! how'ya doin'?!
@lz, well i'm heading home for the day, i hope that you feel better soon!  just take it easy man, hug your family!
@lz: yay! that is always a plus, being alive that is. the pain, well, hopefully it goes away soon.
no doubt! so were they able to tell you anything about it yet? were they able to get it all out?
i'm doing well. my head really hurts, though
how are you doing brother?
@lz, lz!!!!
hey, all! just thought i'd drop in and let you know that i'm still alive!
@zem, good! serves 'em right!  leave it to the street kids to solve the problem.  wanna be cool and scare people, be prepared to have your butt handed to you!
there have been. two in the philippines had the crap kicked out of them by a gang of kids living on the street.
@gm, http://calgary.ctvnews.ca/creepy-clown-photos-on-the-rise-in-alberta-1.3105834
oh, that would be fine, i don't think we've had any issues here in calgary.  one thing about those clowns that i don't understand, why has nobody been going after them?  my first temptation would be to chase 'em down, but i do tend to go directly after things that frighten or intimidate me... ;)
my plan was to be a killer clown...not sure how that would go over with a lot of people with all the dumbasses dressing as clowns and harassing people down south.
well, as far as when to show up, its up to you really, i'm sure you'd like to hang out with geist for a bit as well, so any time is fine.  i'll be in full crazy mode as soon as i get up till the party starts, and there will be lots of folks there early as well. many hands make light work! ;)
@gm, you could always come as a cheeto with a comb over... ;)  i've got some spare costumes that would fit you for sure, if you were interested.  even an oogie boogie one! ;)
and i plan on showing up as early as possible to help get whatever needs done done. just let me know what time to show up by, and i will be there(still figuring out costume...my latest idea, with what's happening in the states right now, isn't a good idea i don't think)
@gm, oh, thats too bad, he'll be missed! we have almost 45 people confirmed so far, with lots of maybes, so it should be a good turn out!
phil and i normally go to bww when we go out for a drink/food. haven't been there for a little while now, since both of us are trying to save money after all. also, apparently he most likely won't be coming to the party. they are going through a management change at his work(he went on vacation and they either quit, or moved properties, or departments).
just got back from buffalo wild wings for lunch! whoo, gotta love them mango habenaro boneless! mmmm mmm!
i'm wearing my characteristic t-shirt and shorts, even this morning when it was like 44, 7 c, and there was frost for the first time this year, and have my window wide open. one of the best parts of having your own room with others in a dorm. it's like 50 now, supposed to get to 60, too hot for me, but it should get down to the mid-40s again later today, so i'll be fine.
@bakhan: i can wear anything as long as it falls under business casual. decent pair of jeans with a polo/short sleeved button up shirt, or dress pants and dress shirt. pretty much anything in between also. right now, i'm wearing a short sleeve button up shirt, and i still find it way too hot in here.
@gm, you know what would help? layers, but most importantly, a wicking polo or golf shirt, i'm not sure if you have to wear dress shirts though...  lucky for me, i just wear a few layers and i can adjust quickly, they normally keep it quite cool in my office, you would probably like it!
i wish the temperature at work would drop...i walked in and instantly started sweating...problem is, i work with mostly older women, so they tend to get cold super fast...i have my fan going to stay at a somewhat comfortable temperature.
its been super busy at work for me today, this is the first break i've have in three hours!  one thing about the heating industry, when it drops below freezing, everyone remembers the heating project they've been delaying all year.... ;)
also, day over! thursday has been my favorite day for most of my life for some reason, but this semester it's because i have classes from 8:00-10:30 and i'm done for the whole day! just some homework, hopefully not questions for p-chem!
3 songs in my head all morning. i woke up, and thought, "hey, i love summertime by sublime!", then realized overlayed on it were both the beat of a rap song i can't remember and the repetitive "number 9" from the beatles' revolution 9! not the first time this has happened; twice i realized i had 5 songs in my head all playing to themselves in different corners of my thoughts, but it's really uncommon and startling to realize!
i have a feeling today is going to be a long day...i have random muscle spasms in my right leg...hopefully they go away.
morning kittens.
@zem, lol, yeah i'm sure they didn't appreciate it... ;) i've always been defiant, and a bit of a rebel rouser, tbh. at least with age i've learned ( a little bit anyways) how to be more pc. ;)
@geist, yep two weeks today! yippie! you can get all the sleep you like, we have a nice comfy bed just waiting for you!  i don't know if you saw me post that i just picked up a ton of maple syrup, on sale!!! you can't beat a sale, especially if its on maple syrup! ;)  this weekend i'm kicking it into high gear with the baked goods for the party! i already have pumpkin spice whoopie pies with maple creamcheese icing (which may or may not be totally awesome).  i'm going to get the chocolate mice and witch's fingers ready this weekend.  oh! and i recruited our friend ang to make us some nanaimo bars!  we're going to do our best to show you what canadian hospitality is all about! ;)
good morning kittens!
just looked at the calendar. in two weeks i'll be in canada. the maple syrup dreams will finally become a reality
*yawn* morning kittens. with all the latest hours i'm pulling at work, all i'll want to do in canada is sleep
good... whatever it is. mornings never actually feel good.
not only do i have work i take home, all my work is taken home! though honestly i don't know whether that's really good or really bad. ruins the illusion of a comfortable, responsibility- and adulting-free zone, but it is much more comfortable and relaxed an environment with my own rules. still can't drink at work though; dry campus (and i'm 20)!
though i imagine it wasn't "effin", nor that you would have been allowed to sing it at camp? ;) ` well, done early today! only 8:00, time for some fun for once! yeah, i may only have classes until 1:30 most days, but the difference is that my workload, while most likely much easier (for the most part), can usually also take me to midnight. i'd like an actual job that lets you leave it all at work if i didn't have to have a regular schedule as well.
@zem, thats funny.  it makes me think of a parody of a christian camp song that i made up when i was 10... i don't want to be a sheep, naa naa, i don't want to be a sheep, naa naa, cause they're way to effin meek, i don't want to be a sheep... ;)
wait, really? i've always thought of it as bahkhan! i've been doing that so long i'm not going to be able to switch to baykhan at all!
@zem, lol, seriously?  hehehe... more like bay khan, but yes bacon... everyone likes bacon right? ;)
well, bah-khan, but you get it.
whoa... whoa! mind blown! bakhan, is your name supposed to be pronounced like bacon?! because i've always just thought like a sheep saying it: "baa khan" *baa*  khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannn!!!!!
bakhan, april fools, maybe?  we could help you think up some really fun invoices to scare them half to death, gm! heck, steve martin came up with some really good ones: gas-powered turtleneck sweater, fur-lined sink, $500 pair of socks...
aw, roommates are friends just waiting to be made! just watch some good movies or something, talk often about interesting topics, and never, ever lose the "don't drop the soap" challenge.
do what i say, not what i do... funnily enough, i discovered that perfectly marks my teaching style! i'll always show people what they *could* do, but probably shouldn't, otherwise they might drip flaming nylon onto their thumb like i did 3 different times in the week prior. that might say more about me than i have since you've known me. ;)
@gm, not worth messing with in reality, but a couple of fake invoices just to freak them out for a minute might be fun as a goodbye gift... ;)
@bakhan: wasn't even over 200k, since it's the small payroll. and the payroll system i use doesn't like canadian bank account numbers. so i can't even do that.
@zem: i probably wouldn't like my roommate, and probably wouldn't be bigger than him.
@gm, yep good ole management do as i say, not as i do... yippie!  seriously, if its not in the millions of dollars, its not worth it, ever.  with millions, you could move to a nice tropical place without extradition, and because its only money, no one would be looking for you... just pontificating... ;)
hey, you could be out of debt and get a good tax break and free living in jail! win-win!
some people tell me to be careful with how i word things....and i just got a good laugh from the wording the accounting manager used. she told me how much is in the payroll account "..to spend". i could spend it so quickly...debt would be gone completely...too bad i want to stay out of jail, and not be on the run for a long time.
@gm, probably because it had so much sugar coating on it, it gave you the equivalent of a diabetic coma... ;)
you know you probably should go back to bed when you send an email, after already double checking it's to the right person, then going to your sent items folder and triple checking it went to the right person.
morning kittens
good morning kittens!
ah, well none of that today. no ass-kissers in my life, unfortunately.
@zem, there are many reasons, you might have your head up your butt, you might be kissing your butt goodbye, etc. ;)
my mouth cheeks? why would they be in my pants?!
@zem, just keep both sets in your pants! ;)
of my 4 cheeks, this is none.
so much cheek today! i love it! ;)
of my 6,164(this one included) this is one of them.
of my 13520 comments, this was one more... ;)
of my 7,806 comments on all of kickstarter, some might even say this is one of them.
@chris, well, of your 27 total posts on kickstarter, that was one of them!
ballz!!!!
homework for vacation. sounds like fun. at least it gives you something to do on the plane over.
@geist, also, you'll have to do one when you're going home as well, that one is the american verison, basically the same.
@geist, yep what gm said.  they basically want to make sure that you aren't bringing in anything that you aren't supposed to, that you haven't been on a farm, etc.  i think there's eight questions or so.  its pretty short.  if you need to change anything, just fill out a new form, otherwise you'll have to answer questions about why you changed your answer... it happened to me once.
@geist: you will receive it on the plane shortly before they begin the decent into calgary. there are also some right before you talk to the customs officer incase you need to make amends, or if you lose/rip it. it's really straight forward. are you bringing plants/food/booze(rough value), brining more than a certain amount of money(believe it's $10k cdn). shouldn't be any problems with it.
@bakhan: i have to fill out a declaration form? in the us side or the canadian side?
mmmm... why has nobody invented candy-coated emails? i wish i got candy with every email!
have an entire conversation with the person in one email you send them with the question hidden in there somewhere so it dawns on them days later how cleverly concealed it was and they come back saying that was a really well worded email and yes, they have the papers now.
bubble wrapped, candy coated, cashmere gloves. i will take 3x longer to compose an email, and when it's down to crunch time, and we end up being late...i'll just point out i was told to candy coat all my emails.
@gm, thats rough buddy, i guess just try to handle them with kid gloves?
@bakhan: my manager came into my office and said "careful how you word your emails to the us, it's been brought to manager/vp attention of how you are talking to them". i just state the facts, in as short a sentence as possible so that it's not taking people too long to get the gist of what i'm trying to say so they can go back to what they need to do without too much interruption from me.
@gm, you just tell 'em, yep i've got an attuitude, no problem! ;)
oh speaking of maple syrup, it was $3.30 off this weekend when i went grocery shopping!  thats like a 1/3 off!  i bought 4 bottles... ;) and its the good stuff canadian no.1! none of the no.2 or no.3 stuff for this guy!
so, apparently stating facts(something along the lines of: yes, we use the last day worked as it is the one that is most used in properly reporting to government agencies) is called having an attitude problem.
@geist, no worries, we will wait till you show up!  also, the customs thing is fairly fast.  they look at your declaration (a short little form), and your passport, ask you a couple of questions, and you're on your way.  probably less than 20 mins from the time your plane lands.  it just depends on how back logged it is.  at the time of day your flight is arriving i think it will be fairly quick for you. ;)
don't worry about customs. my mom has a tiny swiss army knife she's had on the outside of her carry-on for years through dozens of countries and it's never been confiscated anywhere along the process of international travel. you should be fine so long as you're not smuggling moose or... *ahem* thousands of gallons of maple syrup.
don't know, all he said was they found it.
@bakhan: then it might take me awhile to reach you after my plane has landed. i've never been through customs before. from what i've heard from a permanent resident born in kenya but living in the us, the process time for americans is quicker than other countries.
@geist, yep, customs! no different then when i go and visit in the states.  apparently they don't trust me either! ;)
@zem, nope that's the first i'm hearing of it!  i'm glad they found his car!  was it in decent shape?
bakhan, yeah, he wasn't posting here very regularly, so i went over to his facebook to keep updated, though he hasn't posted since then. i don't blame him for that, though. did i mention the police apparently found his car 2 days ago?
wow, alot of drunekn phones on here today! i don't even use a phone and somehow mine messed up drunken!
well...she said she would help me. not make them herself. i'll probably start making them the weekend of the 21st. that way we don't eat them all before the party.
*blink* wait. customs? i gotta go through customs? what? don't they trust me?
@gm: just checking. isn't your mom making butter tarts?
@geist: or step it up a notch. could be a shortage in your system causing the errors.
*flask good grief. i gotta cut back on the morning booze
@geist, i don't know about it! ;)
morning kittens! @lz: well shit. sorry to hear you and the mrs. won't be joining us, but health is more important than a con! also, good to hear the surgery went well. now you just need to recover. @zem: there will always be another con you can come to, always best to be safer than sorry. @geist: of course i'm still going, what kind of question is that?
@bakhan: dipping into the flack, yes?
or habañero... can't even blame that one on auto correct... >.>
@zem, you'll never believe what i found at the grocery store! i found me some of those paqui chips! they didn't have the ghost pepper ones, but i tried the grilled halepeno ones, they were pretty spicy! and awesome!
also, good morning kittens!
@lz, if you read this, i hope you have a speedy and trouble free recovery!
@zem, thanks for passing that along, i don't use fb so without those relays i won't know what is going on.  i'm so glad he made it through ok!
@geist, no worries! you will go through customs then, you will pick up your bags and you will walk out through some double sliding doors, then you'll be in a foyer type area built out of rocks, you will walk a little bit to your left and then you'll see a wierdo holding a kitten corps sign, that will be me (and my lovely wife)!
am i actually the only one here consistently this week? kinda empty now!
i don't know if you guys are following along with lz, but on his facebook, he said the surgery went well. huzzah for lz deciding we were worth sticking around for!
good to see you're still going, geist! too bad the rest of us had to cancel this time, but we'll catch you next time!
i'll probably end up having you paged. airports confuse me & are a little intimidating.
email received! ;) there will be different meeting areas in the airport. we'll be waiting for you! i'll make a sign!
email sent!
@geist, grumpae at gmail dot com. ;)
@bakhan: could you give me your email address again? i can't find where i put it the first time and i finally got my flight details.
nothing here? wow, must have been a dull day. well, at least my day was interesting. great start to the week!
that first part sounded morose and depressed. i think i'm sounding selfish dwelling like this. i actually meant it to be a bit more positive. it was very comforting to realize that it was so blatant that i shouldn't go, and i'm actually fine about it, don't worry and don't let me get to you because i know for a fact from the campaign that i can be annoying like this comment now. if it's not apparent, i need sleep so i'm not like this all the time, so i'm going to stop now, sorry!
literal shower thought just now: i had two routes to get to canada, and both dropped out on the same day, within hours. i think it's just not meant to be. i probably shouldn't push it. *sigh* ` lz, eek. that's not a good place to have it at all, though it could be far worse. again, i'm thanking god it manifested physically and forced you to have it looked at now, otherwise it would have been much worse. due to lack of information, i'm just going to assume it's all under control now, so we'll be here for your recovery. now there's nothing i can say that's not cliche and that you won't hear incessantly throughout the next month, so... here's to a relatively fast and at the very least near-perfect recovery! a 10 from all the judges.
@lz: i take it the operation is today or tomorrow? i'm rooting for you nonetheless. i am confident you'll pull through this
it's in my left frontal lobe
tomorrow's a holiday? columbus day? why can't i have that off?
i wonder if there'd be another time we could all meet up. any place more central to us all or something, though that's really impossible since we're everywhere. i just wish there was an easy way for us all to find a place we could all magically meet up cheaply for some time that would have the fewest possible opportunities for incidents making it impossible.
@lz, as soon as you're able, check in with us! we're all pulling hard for you! my wife's been checking out all the best cancer clinics, there are several world ranked ones close to you!
@geist, that's great! we'll still do our very best to show you a good time! and hopefully more than one used book store!
@bakhan: then count me in. i had already asked my boss for that time off & it's the reason why i am working tomorrow even though it's a holiday.
damn. i had no clue life was death-rolling me like an alligator, subverting even the responsible but exciting and fun plans i had. well, at least i still have a much more comfortable life than i could possibly understand, right? i hope so. it's some consolation. i mean, i do, and i'm sure i'm being really selfish, but i never saw it all in one comment like that before. kind of a dejected realization, unfortunately.
damn, i can't make it to this, had to cancel my application to work at next year's national jamboree... shit sucks, man. this year could have been so much fun. oh, not to mention i originally had plans to study abroad next semester and had to cancel due to classes i can only take during spring! holy shit the fun is draining out of my life fast! maybe i should take the time for canada... no, it'd be much more harm than good to force myself up there, though it'd be the best thing i did in literally years and my first independent trip. ... damn, how rich do you have to be to have fun all the time? because my new life plan is to be that rich so i don't have to cancel every exciting thing in my life like this...
@zem, i'm really sorry you won't be able to make it, but i totally understand! if geist can still make it she can take pictures and actually post them to the litter box. ;)
i'm sure gm will still be coming, and we've already booked the time off etc.
@geist, in no uncertain terms, we would love to have you! please come if you can!
@bakhan: since you are the host, it's up to you whether or not the con is still a go. i am more than game to come up there. i just don't want to buy a ticket only to find out that this has been cancelled. don't know if gm was still planning to attend like last year so there at least will be two corps members who will be attending your party
man, this weekend was going to be great. not that it wasn't, but i didn't have the free time i was hoping. had a bit of p-chem, took longer than i'd hoped, and a quick german thing. invited my brother over for a few hours, he stayed through the next day, today, playing games and going places with me. now, it's nearly 10 pm and i still have another wild online assignment that appeared from the tall grass today, a sunday, that'll take hours, and then some other stuff... i really cannot wait for this 4 day weekend!
to whomever can still make it, though, go! no choice there! if you can still go, you definitely should, and take lots of pictures so the rest of us can live vicariously through you!
bakhan, i would love to come, but now i'd have to drive 20 hours by myself each way, which is not advisable. otherwise, i'd have to fly, and i definitely don't have the money for that. i'm really, really sad i won't be able to go, i was really looking forward to this, but i think i'm going to have to call it off now. unless suddenly my older brother miraculously could go, but it sounds like he won't be able to at all.
@lz, did they say what part of the brain it's in? also my wife says if you need any advice or anything explained better to let her know. she's very upset by the news.
the con must go on!
@zem, same goest for you, if you still want to come that's fine, but i don't want you to do anything crazy. so think about it and let me know.
@geist, i honestly don't know what to do. i think that if you still want to come that's more than fine. obviously life is too short.
@lz, oh my god man! we're praying for you brother! i don't know what to say, this is devastating. just know that we're here for you! if there's anything at all we can do to help, please let me know. you fight this bloody thing because this world needs more of you in it!
yeah, alot of stuff just came up this weekend. everything changed so suddenly.
@bakhan: with the recent developments, please let me know if you are cancelling the con. i will hold off on purchasing my ticket until i hear from you.
uh oh, he can't go. my brother just messaged me that he ended up having to work after all, and will be on call during the only time he could have had off.  unfortunately, it's looking like it'd be really tough for me to make it now... and i'd worked so hard to broker a deal with my calc professor about the exam! i'm going to have to think about this...
just thinking here, don't worry about me, sorry to interject this. my trip straight to calgary is 8 hours longer, so now i'm relying on my brother being able to come. two of us could drive over 20 hours, but i don't know if i could do it on my own even splitting it to 2 days each way. though my brother sounded kind of hopeful last time i asked him.
that's terrible! well, we'd much rather have you at home and recovering than at the party and in a really bad condition, so don't feel bad about missing at all. i'm really just glad you caught the problem now instead of it catching you later.
i just got done talking with the surgical staff. i'm looking at at least a 1-month recovery. this means the wifecand i will not be coming up for the party.
oh my goodness lz! i'll send some positive vibes your way. i know you will get through this with flying colors.
i don't know anything for sure. i hope to make a perfectly fine recovery. the neuro surgeons are saying that it's good we caught it when we did.
we're definitely here for you, lz. sending prayers your way.
oh god, seriously? that's not good at all! do you know for sure there's a really sure chance you'll come out of this almost perfectly fine? it's not that kind of er-necessitating brain lesion, right? i really hope so. we're here for ya. hopefully this means you caught it before it would have been horribly late to have found it then.
it's probably a tumor. i'm being admitted. i'll be having brain surgery on monday.
guys, i don't know what this means for the kitten con trip, if anything, but i had a seizure this morning at 5:40. i've been in the er for most of the day. they found a 4 cm lesion on my brain. they're not sure what it is, but they did say it could be an infection or it could be a tumor. they're transferring me to another hospital so i can consult with a specialist.
funny how the one time i make a most that makes it to trending is the one time i use a cyanide and happiness comic and in the title ask what song is stuck in people's head. but every time i make my own thing, it's ignored. almost like stealing content (with credit, don't worry) is a good idea for viewership! i never would have guessed that on the internet!
oh, and they do a cover of run to you by bryan adams, which is actually quite nice. take the original, throw in the sa style of playing, and it turns out nice.
@bakhan: so, listening to the new sonata arctica cd, the ninth hour, it's way different that their other music. still awesome, but way different.
are you guys ok with worchestershire sauce? i know it has some fishy ingredients in it, but not sure if enough to cause issues? i'm fine with it. heck, it goes in one of my favorite brunch drink: a bloody mary.
and on that note...i'm out of here! happy weekend folks! happy thanksgiving to you bakhan!
yeah, the first snows are always the worst. the ground is still warm, so the first bits all melt, make the roads slush, and hopefully don't freeze over, though last winter here was all black ice. snowed like 4 times the whole winter, but freezing rained like 3 or 4 times, and the snow only stayed for awhile once, the rest of the times it snowed above freezing and then melted and refroze to the roads. above freezing, it snowed, and below, it rained.
the snow that's coming down right now is fairly wet though. so it's going to make things even more fun driving tonight/tomorrow. hell, just walking outside will be a pain in the ass(literally for some people!). i myself plan on walking through the +15 to get to the train.
@zem, nah, that didn't "sound" racist, not at all >.> ;)  in all honesty, i'm really hoping there's no snow at all!  it would really complicate getting places.  i've been driving in the snow for over 26 years, so i'm good with it, the other drivers on the road though... uhggg!
@bakhan: definitely will. it's going to be added to my itunes library tonight, sometime late in the evening as my brother and nephew are over for dinner tonight(parents are abandoning calgary for a week and sailing up the east coast from new york).
just so long as all the snow you guys throw me into is white snow. not to sound racist or anything, but...
@gm, thats awesome! you'll have to let me know how it goes!
@bakhan: i have a new sonata arctica cd waiting for me at home. definitely going to be listening to it a lot this weekend.
@zem, also, you're supposed to be scared, its halloween! ;)
@zem, its where you do an assisted upside down snow angel... ;) i don't think we'll have any giant drifts, but maybe when we head out to banff, they'll have some there, its at a much higher elevation. ;)
even via google, the closest i can get is some prank with snow, in which case, i love snow. i plan on jumping head-long into at least one giant drift while i'm there as it is.
i betcha a facewash is what we call a whitewash around here
it does not look friendly outside...probably damned cold with the wind that is blowing the snow almost perfectly sideways.
nope, i checked 3 times to see if the comment was there, but it never showed up, so i assumed it was lost and replaced it. then it comes back for some reason.
wait, did my last comment not go through or something?  i said great. now i'm scared to go.
wait... now i'm scared to go!
@bakhan: i've had no problems with it. i know of certain things(primarily directly eating the fish flesh) that do cause a reaction, but stuff like worchestershire, caesar dressing, and canned tuna(go figure, the only fish i can actually eat!) don't.
@lz, that looks awesome! i've never tried it with lime juice before!
@gm, geist, are you guys ok with worchestershire sauce? i know it has some fishy ingredients in it, but not sure if enough to cause issues?
@lz, awesome! i'll check it out!
@gm, i think that we probably should, as an instructional video... i'll hold the coward, you face wash him! ;p
@bakhan: are we going to video it? @lz: chili recipe?! i sure hope to enjoy some of that.
joking hazard is on its way! woohooooo!! @bakhan, i just sent you the chili recipe
@zem, no worries, i'll show you first hand... ;)
face wash what? wait, did i miss something?
@gm, okay.  i don't think it will be a problem, the long range forcast is calling for above freezing temperatures, so lz's car should be okay and we'll be taking main highways for the most part to banff and drum (not sure if we'll have time for drum though, we'll have to see how it goes).
@zem, i would say that comfortably we have well over 10 million used books in calgary, that would be less than 8 books per person...  calgary isn't exactly small. ;)  they usually sell used books for $0.20 on the dollar, so a $10 book would cost $2 or $1.51 usd.  beware the cheap books! ;) also, are you familiar with what a "face wash" is?  you have one with your name all over it pal! ;)
i may have to go on some of the grand calgary book tour with geist, though. i only hope i go to the really terrible ones, though, because i don't have enough money to lug back dozens of books!
wow, only one in ten million books in calgary are  in a different language?  you have over 10 million books just in secondhand bookstores in calgary?!
snow?! aaw, lucky! we just have 15 c, which is pretty nice as it is, though it was nicer earlier when it was probably around 8-10 c. can't wait for the cold up there! i'll be the only one happy about canadian fall weather!  with my costume, i just have to hope i remember to get my angel of death robes and from home. simple, comfortable, and fun; one of my favorite costumes.
@bakhan: on the driver license front, that has been postponed due to people always being busy, and now with the snow(not really enthusiastic about going for it in the current conditions). i can definitely be a navigator though if need be. i will see what i can get for the bookstores.
@gm, hey, a couple of things. did you ever get your drivers lisence?  having another driver would be good! ;) could you round up a list of used bookstores close to the n.w. so that when geist gets up here, we have it ready for her?
@geist, yep if you still have my email, thats the best place to send it! the second hand book stores will most likely have a secondary language section, however as gm says, its 99.9999999% english.  we are a bi-lingual society, but this is the west, we're like the canadian version of the south, think red neck... ;) je ne parle pas du francais! ;) i do understand a very little bit of it though, mostly from reading cereal boxes... ;) i can't think of anything that i would need you to bring specifically, but if there is anything that you will want during your stay that we can't get up here, then you should bring whatever that may be for sure. as far as costumes go, if you can't find one before hand, i'm sure my wife can help you out, she has the most extensive personal collection of costumes i've ever seen! ;)
@geist: the bookstores here are 99.9999999~% english. the odd one will be in a different language depending on the part of the city you're in. you can find other languages in the english stores every now and then as well.
@gm: i haven't even thought about my costume. i'm down to the wire but i'll  try to come up with something.
sorry for the radio silence kittens. it's mad busy here at work. @bakhan: i will have my flight times to give you no later than sunday. should i send the information directly to your email? i can't wait to get there. so looking forward to visiting. a few questions: as far as the independent bookstores are concerned, are they in english or french? do you need me to bring something? i don't know if i can fly with a bottle of booze in my suitcase but if you need anything, i'll try to bring it.
@gm, yep its falling pretty hard here in the south east.  can't say i'm all that happy about it... the drive home is going to suck!!!
was wondering when it would hit...and before 9:30 we have snow.
i'll figure something out....hopefully. i just hate shopping...i avoid it like it will be the death of me.
oooh gm, you treading on thin ice my man! ;)  unless that is of course that you want my wife to dress you up... ;)
all this talk about the kc...and i don't even have my costume finalized...
morning kittens.
@trinkets, lol, this my man, is the true north, strong and free! ;) i so wish you were able to come! i would love to spend hours going over painting techniques and such with you!  maybe someday! ;)
lol. that was strangely worded.
good morning all. totes jelly about all the fun youz  guyz will be having fun up nort without me. (and living in wisconsin,  usually i am the one up nort!!!)
good morning kittens! after today i've got two more weeks, then i'm off till after you kittens leave! i've almost got all my recipies chosen for the party! i still have to finalize our meal and activity plans for the rest of the time, but that will be a happy chore! getting pretty darned excited now, kittens gonna be exploding all over the place!
i just have a 12-cup mr. coffee thing. cheap, simple, and very, very effective! 2.84 l of coffee for the win! though i don't know if i could stomach 24 cups, 5.68 liters anymore! gosh, i loved doing that! i'll have to try again sometime! get battlefield 1942 again, open the window because the weather'll be like the first time i did it, play the game in a freezing 50 degree room with more coffee than you could shake a stick at... well, the stick looks like it's shaking on its own after that much. ;)
while eating my afternoon snack(read early supper) i was looking at an article that, as someone trained in the culinary arts, was hard to get my head around(link below)... http://www.msn.com/en-ca/foodanddrink/foodtips/5-times-you-should-never-use-olive-oil/ss-bbx3ahp…
@lz, i've got a french press, a kurig, and i also have turkish coffee, with the legit little pot that they use to make it! ;)  i do prefer the french press, but the kurig is just so easy! ;)
or my other favorite...the employee saying the manager verbally said it would happen...yup, that's definitely good enough for me, here's your money!(/sarcasm)
i just love getting certain phone calls..."why wasn't so-and-so paid?!" well...did you send in all his information so i could pay him? "well, no..." there's your answer.
the thing that kills me, when my wife decides to clean up, is she never starts with "her" stuff, its always the things that i use that get put away in strange places.  she's also a hider style cleaner, a mess isn't a mess (in her mind) if its out of sight.  i've found some of my books in with the cleaning products before... oh well, i guess i shouldn't complain, at least she does help with cleaning once in a while. ;)
something out of place for days?!?!!  how did anyone get any sleep?
the worst part about when someone cleans and puts stuff in the least logical place to you is that the least logical place turns out to be one of the most practical places! then you feel stupid, but go right back to what you did before. but yeah, i've never understood why, when people clean, they feel the need to move everything important. my brother had a girlfriend (my only brother to have a girlfriend ever, actually) who loved cleaning. that's great! so good that someone loves to do it! except that when she came to our house, sometimes she'd follow through on her threats and we might not find something for a day or two even if it made sense where it was.
@lz: growing up, whenever i left something somewhere in my room, i knew where it was because to me that's where it belonged. if my parents every thought my room needed to be cleaned, and figured i wouldn't do it, they would tidy up and put stuff where they thought it belonged. always made me spend hours searching for something small
a french press is amazing! i love them and wish i had one. then again, i go through so much coffee whenever i have some that just one cup would be nearly impossible for me. i usually make at least 6 cups, often 8 nowadays, and i used to only (for the ocpd topic at hand) be able to make 12 because anything less than a perfectly full pot didn't seem right. ` mmmmmmmmmmmmm... coffee... now look what you did, lz! i need to make some!
i'm not severely like that, but i do get that way so often. really, i'm only not like that anymore. i used to be that bad, and it started driving me crazy. the worst thing ever was when a teacher didn't erase properly, and there were just errant marks strewn across the board. thankfully, a girl in class had the same problem as me, but wasn't shy, so sometimes just got up and erased the rest and then we could focus.
and i have to say (this is completely unrelated) that a french press is the way to go when making coffee! so much better. back to the topic: my mother-in-law thought i was controlling because she saw me get frustrated when i got home from work one evening and couldn't find my homework or school books. it was about 10:30 at night, and i had to get up at 5:30 to go to school the next day. she and the wife had cleaned up while i was at work, and had put my school stuff in what to me was the least logical place to put it.
i get the same way
@trinkets and @bakhan: that's why i hate when the cleaners come into my office and clean it when i'm not around. everything is moved around on my desk. i like my monitors where they are, i like my phone where it is, i like my folder stands where they are. whenever they clean(dust really...that's all they do) i need to reorganize, re-straighten, and make sure everything is where it should be. usually take an hour or so because it just doesn't feel right, then i spend the rest of the day adjusting it still.
@trinkets, i'm sorry to hear that!  i know how you feel!  if something is off, or not in the right place, i start down a pretty dark path, even if the situation is rectified, i still struggle to return to "normal"...  the funny thing is people always think i'm very calm and relaxed, and i'm there thinking damn people i'm falling apart here! ;)
i misplaced my wallet last night. didn't realize it until this morning while i was getting ready for work. spent so long looking for it,  i was 3 minutes late for work instead of 15 minutes early. then i spent the next hour freaking the f out!!!!!  i felt like i needed to rip my skin off and run around. it was so debilitating that my boss sent me home so i could find it. took 15 minutes to find it. i am still trying to get right. that was 3.5 hours ago.
change is bad. we fear change.
@zem, changing my schedule like that would actually cause me more stress.  because of my ocpd, i find it soothing to have "best practices" they help me avoid stressful situations (that most people wouldn't find stressful at all).  part of my morining routine is getting out of the house and on the road by a certain time.  if i don't have to deal with annoying amounts of traffic in the morning, i have a much better day overall.  also sometimes i wonder if the "they" actually work in real world situations where things like attendance and timeliness matter?
they've found that waking up at the same time every day is actually a bad idea. your body starts producing stress hormones big-time before you even wake up! the regularity of it lets your body predict it, so you also wake up before the alarm and can't go back to sleep. the thing i possibly love most about college is my very slightly irregular schedule. even a half hour difference most days keeps my brain in check. i had that problem really, really badly in high-school, but now i never do! so yeah, if you're waking up before your alarm and waking up already stressed or pissy, just try waking up alternating half an hour apart every day, like 7:00 and 7:30 like me. or an hour if possible; i forget the optimal variation time they found, but an hour of extra sleep sounds beautiful!
i almost went back to sleep after my alarm today. it's just getting dark when i wake up and i haven't gotten regular sleep all week. very tempting.  i have a digital watch with a broken strap taped to my bed that i use as my alarm, but if sleeping after turning it off becomes a problem, i'll put it on my desk and maybe even use my phone so i force myself to get up. i will hate that, but it forces you to get up, so then i'd be just barely awake enough to not walk back to bed and crawl in, if only by sheer force of will.
@gm, i get that, i think i was born with a stupidity intollerance... ;)
@bakhan: a few times this week, and last week, i woke up an hour before my alarm...and i think is affected my stupidity tolerance.
@gm, thats why i have a feet on the floor rule.  for years and years, i would ignore the alarm, or shut if off and fall back asleep.  when i started working here (16 years ago...) i was late a few times because of it.  then i developed what i call the feet on the floor rule.  the alarm goes off, sit up, put your feet on the floor, then turn the alarm off.  it helped me a lot.  of course, now i have a very hard time sleeping in, and in fact not waking up before my alarm... ;)
morning kittens. it's almost friday...and i almost fell back asleep this morning.
@zem, for me it was how deep the water was.  we were jumping from a train bridge in a huge park, into the river, which is quite deep there.  i'm sure that as long as that bridge has been there, people have been jumping off of it.  the actually installed some cables to stop people from jumping off of it, somehow (don't ask me...) the cables where cut, repeatedly, until they stopped replacing them... ;)
good morning kittens!
good morning all!
do you get to have an elastic cord wrapped around you?  because otherwise, i've never understood that saying. why is everyone jumping off of a bridge? suicide, bungee jumping, or a shortcut and the bridge is only like 2 feet high are the only reasons i can think of, and i'm guessing it's not the first option, so then yes, i would. probably. bungee jumping is scary and my bowels might jump before i do.
@trinkets, not only would i, but i did! ;) then again, i do have oppositional diffiance issues so... ;)
lol, bakhan,  i always got a similar saying from my mom. "if all your friends jumped off of a bridge, would you?
i'd say that counts, zem
bakhan, i did jump off a cliff once! not all the way up, i only climbed like 10 feet, but my cousins (who live there and do it all the time) cliff-dove from like 80 feet or more, don't remember anymore. and that was just in like arkansas or something, i don't remember which cousins. but yeah, i'm cool! i jumped off a cliff!
painting is going as smoothly as it can, bakhan.  only problem is that i have been thrust into the role of rules reader and how to play coordinator of ora & labora. that took 2 nights of my time so painting has been put on hold until tonight. hopefully finish up the snowtroopers and princess leia. wampas and dengar are done and am very happ with them. haven't even thought about z:bp. and conan shows up at the end of the month. ugh.
@zem, or the telephone pole jumped out in front of my car! ;)  also, all the cool kids are jumping off of cliffs, shouldn't you too, if you want to be cool that is... ;)
haha, right now my keyboard is on my earbud cord, so when i type it sounds like drums, and i can type fast enough and just irregulary enough it sounds like a buddy rich solo!
that's like the "the parked car came out of nowhere!" claim.  i avoid running into walls as a habit, but sometimes it's hard to avoid. so much peer pressure to be cool and run into walls on campus. i've tried stubbing my toes really, really hard on my bed's leg as a gateway drug, but i didn't enjoy the experience for the most part. my friend said "it's not the same thing, you just have to try walls, man!" before running head-long into a doorframe, but i just don't think it's my kind of scene.
@gm, sounds like a good insurance claim... ;)
@trinkets: i like to mention that the wall leapt out of the dark at me, and my reaction speed wasn't fast enough to dodge it.
@trinkets, hey man! how goes the painting? i've finished off a few more pieces of my z:bp, the evil queen and grin (necromances) as well as started on the bonus npc's that came with the sgs.
glad i'm not the only one who walks into walls. howdy all.
they were all up at the time, but the light switch isn't in a good spot for me to hit it when i get out of the shower to avoid the wall too. usually i put my hand out, but today i just didn't.
@gm, they are lucky i don't live there, i'm sure the light would be much less intrusive than my excessive cursing when i smacked into the wall.... ;)
there is one on the other side of the hallway...just not right outside the bathroom as my parents and sister both have their doors open at night, and would make it so they can't sleep(so they claim)
@gm, sounds like you need a little night light there... ;)
and this time...the pain actually has nothing to do with work...i walked into the half wall we have upstairs when i got out of the shower this morning(it's dark, the wall isn't exactly center with the doorway, didn't move over far enough).
morning kittens. another day, another pain.
to the tune of "the hall of the mountain king" by savatage: madness reigns, in the hall of the usopsvp!
good morning kittens!
*yawn* morning kittens.
some say he's still there, listening to the usopsvp.
well...going home early was a dream. when the vp of us ops is talking with you, you can't exactly just say i'm done for the night and still expect to have a job....and i'm still here. -.-
goddammit! i just learned fall break is the week after next! i was dreaming about going home, not doing anything this whole weekend and monday and tuesday next week! it was perfect happening this weekend, especially since it'd make sense with the football by-week. but no, i have a full nother week of trying not to go insane. this weekend would have been so perfect for it!
@gm, that's great! i agree, your sanity is more important than a job.
oh. my. god. it's 4:15pm, and i am almost at where i should be for the payroll...even with missing/late paperwork! i may actually get to go home on time again today(though yesterday i probably should have stayed later...but my mental state is more important than people getting paid).
and, we only wash the glass pipettes, and we only use those for the volumetric pipetting of di water or buffer solutions, nothing biohazardous....
i mean, there's only a tiny amount of god-only-knows-what in the pipettes cleaned here and alot of clean water going through, it should be clean enough to inhale!
right mind being the operative phrase there ;-) i could see someone who's a little...off saying, "all the water that comes through here is clean; it should be okay to use for gettin' high"
@lz, lol! the crazy sh*t people do... no one in their right mind would do that! i work in a plumbing/heating wholesale, and when we get rid of /sell of our old display faucets etc., we always need to replace the missing screens... go figure. ;)
advertising? should we... nah, campaign's over, we're just hanging out. besides, we advertise all the time here! might be interesting.  yeah, looks pretty interesting. if i had money, i might think about it.
hej cardgame-lovers: check out this little cute card game: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1846012238/wallabee-the-card-game <3
bakhan, i agree that the pipe, or bong (we'll get there in a second) is probably part of the problem. so many things are starting to make sense. a few months ago, the drainage hose for our pipette washer went missing. we were all fairly certain she had taken it, but couldn't figure out why. i mean, it was around 18 inches of 1.5-ish inch hose. why take it? well, with this new information, i'm sure it became part of her bong.
actually...it's payroll coordinator now that i'm looking at my email signature.
and yes, my title at work is payroll processor.
@zem: with the ~300 people i pay every two weeks(then the other ~40 the off weeks) i chase down way too much to do my job that i was hired for. not to mention, trying to explain something to someone every other day(usually it's trying to tell them what the start of the pay period was).
aren't you more along the lines of payroll processing? i mean, if you're payroll gopher, then it'd make sense. hell, with the amount of fetching of documents you deal with, they should hire a payroll fido.
so, apparently, my manager believes i am hysterical right now with the amount of bs. i can't wait until oct 31...i'm off that day, it's the big payroll(my main stress giver). it's the start of the payroll processing...she will end up seeing why i'm so irritable right now, and why i say i'm not chasing stuff down(her response to that was "you're in payroll, it's part of the job"...).
well, it would be fireable if it were legal, but now that it's not, it's arrestable. that could definitely have solved the problem before it manifested! ` just re-watched the rutles: all you need is cash again, a satirical documentary by eric idle. it's really, really good! i watched it because it's beatles week in history of rock, and i have to show my professor that now!
also, hate to say it, but that might have been her problem all along.  just put the pipe down! scheeesh!
@lz, yikes! definitely not something you want to be dealing with in a lab, thats for sure!  i support legalization, but i want the same basic rules of alcohol, on your free time, you're good, during work hours, fireable offence!  its the only way it would ever work.  imagine people working with heavy equipment! yikes...
i just learned that 8 months ago, she had told one of the phlebotomists that she had some pot and wanted to know if this person wanted to smoke it with her. now, i support legalization, but i wouldn't want people smoking it while on the job, especially in a clinical lab. if i had known, we could have taken care of this problem so long ago!
...so, while (surprise surprise) waiting on people to get back to me, i came across an article on msn news. apparently, the name of our neighbor province(british columbia) is racist to one artist...and he is calling for it to be changed because it's an insult to the first nations people that were there before(he is also a member of a first nations group).
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha....!!! oh i miss sklorz! where is he now? probably off failing another scam, if i know him! the good 'ol days!
haha. i would think you use simple math like that all the time in your line of work! ;) but yeah, repeat-offenses of tardiness and missing work are bad enough, but it was just plain stupidity to do it while on probation for that exact thing! i'm a very forgiving guy, and love second chances. i always want to give someone a chance to give their point of view because mine has been discounted so much before. hell, remember sklorz, mr. goltovka himslef, and how i even heard him out via skype chat (only to conclude we were completely right about him all along when he tried to pull me in to help him ship within the us)?!  but yeah, even to me, this person was out of line. she had a second and third chance, and you clearly stated what was wrong and how to fix it, and she just shat all over it all. i have no clue why she's upset for being fired. at least when i screw up like that, i gladly accept the consequences i saw full well coming head-long at me.
yeah, i told her what the reason was. she said that one of the tardies shouldn't count because she told me that she had a migraine (one minute before her shift was scheduled to start, which i had repeatedly said was unacceptable). i pointed out that, even if we discount that one, she was still late 3 times during the evaluation period, which is one more per month than is allowed. she then concluded that we do math differentlt. i guess in her world, 4-1=/=3. either that or in her world 3<2.
lz, hey, now she's not an employee, you can speak your mind. probably not a good idea to say absolutely everything bouncing around in there, but if she's still bugging you after having been severed from the company and now having nothing to do with you, the least you can do for her is explain why she never stood a chance with that attitude and how to fix it in her next job. though i'm sure we all know what she'll do with that information... and what she'll tell you to do with it.
gm, i fell ya! the other day, actually, i very, very nearly crushed my mouse in my hand. not nearly the stress you go through with the people you have to deal with (again, thank you for showing me a new line of work never to enter!), but it was enough. it's the reason i couldn't get enough sleep on sunday night/monday morning, and i'm extremely glad i didn't see another person because i might have snapped on them. it's really not a good time, and i really hate it when anybody has to endure that. i'd say we're here for you, but i don't want to be used as a punching bag, so... throw a stress ball at people you hate or something. no! a *soft* stress ball, not a rock! put that down!
oh no. not again. i'm debating skipping a class, just a menial recitation that doesn't really reinforce concepts from the course and the notes are put online, but there is regular homework for 5 points. oh well. i've gone to every one so far (not really helped with the course at all), and right now i could really use a bit of a break. i hate doing this- i'm very strict on myself about skipping, and very rarely do it and never feel good about it as a rule- but i just spent an hour finishing a presentation, haven't gotten good sleep in a week, and wouldn't have enough time to eat if i went. moral dilemmas! food!! sleep!!!
@lz, you guys did the right thing.  sounds like depression isn't the only issue she's dealing with.  admitting you have a problem is the first step, not the last.  expecting people to endlessly put up with crap is, in fact, crazy.  she totally should have gone to hr, properly dealt with, she could have protected her job, and gotten help and resources to deal with her depression, and wound up in a much better place.  i find in general, i'm much more inclined to give some one a hand up, over a hand out.  ask me for help, and i'll do whatever i can, ask me to do something for you, mmmmmmyeah, no! ;)
it's amazing how obstinant and thick some people can be! she started texting me last night, claiming that she shouldn't be fired because of what a great job she did. lady! this isn't performance based; it's entirely attendance based! quality of work notwithstanding (which, calling it excellent is a bit of a stretch), your attendance sucks! you've been given chance upon chance upon chance, and you refused to do anything that i suggested you do in order to keep your job. this is your fault, not mine! i mean, seriously, when you come and tell me that your attendance issues are due to depression and i tell you that you should tell hr because it could mean the difference between keeping your job and losing it, you damn well better listen! but no, she's not going to do that. and, she'll keep trying to argue that she does good work and therefore her attendance issues should be overlooked because she's the "best technologist" i have, which isn't even remotely true. that honor goes to either kerry or jacquie, who each do more work with fewer mistakes, and come to work on time!
yeah, gm! show them!
good for you!  if nothing else, it will be good to get those action points out there, for a team to be successful, they need to work together, like a team! ;)
yeah, those are basically(aside from looking for new job...for now) things i'm starting to do. we have a training meeting on the 12th, middle of the afternoon, so i have a nice list of things that will happen, and being set in stone, no exceptions. everyone needs to be on the same page, doing the same thing, otherwise i will lose it, and people won't be happy.
well man, theres only two ways to combat your stress levels, both of them will be hard to do.  one, look out for yourself!  when people send stuff incomplete, send it back as many times as it takes for them to get the message.  this isn't being a jerk, its being fair, you have enough work to do without taking others responsibilities on as well.  set limits and stick to them, if people are dropping stuff at the last minute, too bad, they'll have to wait, if they don't like it, they can be on time or even early next cycle.  or.... two, stop caring.  this will help short term, but its only true long standing benefit will be looking for a new job.  you will never be satisified doing less than your best.  the reason it bothers you so much when others don't do their best, is that people who are successful, achievers, doers, don't work well with those that aren't.  its natural, the two groups of people tend to resent each other.  i hope that you go with the former.
and a lovely song just came on....ten leagues beneath contempt by cradle of filth
very much so. anything i don't have complete paperwork on is being left off of a payroll, and will be added to the next. damned if i'm holding almost 300 peoples pay, for 5 people's paperwork being incomplete/not properly approved.
well it depends, are you good at doing voices? ;) but seriously, i'm guessing stress?
hole*
could i use that as an excuse as to why i snapped and punched a hold through both my monitors?
a dark half type conjoined twin that just suddenly started growing? ;)
found out what my headache a few weeks ago that lasted three days was from. i'll give you three guesses, though you probably only need one.
@zem, i hear you!  because we live in the foothills it gets dark pretty early, by 8:30 pm it was pretty dark already.  typically i go to work in the dark and am heading home as it is getting dark the further we get into winter.  why can't it just be summer all the time? oh yeah, giant bugs, ok, never mind... ;)
good morning kittens!
ugh, it's getting dark when i wake up, which is easily the hardest part about winter. i can't wake up when it's still dark, it makes me really want to go back to sleep. i actually questioned my alarm this morning.
good that it's over, lz. hopefully things start to pick up again soon! typically the mood in a workplace is better off without a petty pissant.
i've spent today writing a time and attendance policy and thinking about what i would say in the termination meeting. it's done now. it sucks, but it was time for her to go.
sorry for not  posting. month end close and i'm under a ton of work. hopefully i'll get to chat a bit more after this week.
i received hours for a guy who i don't know who he is(never seen paperwork for him); changes that i am just now being told to hold off on, after being told to go ahead with them(was 3/4 done implementing them); still waiting on things i've sent follow up emails for...last week...then again today as a final request.
@trinkets, just saw your post there! i have always been leary of letting myself get into the airbrush scene, i can just see myself spending too much money! ;)  oh, and prong! lol, been a long time man! snap your fingers, snap your neck! ;)
well good luck gm!, i'm just wrapping up and i'm outta here in 10 mins! its been a monday for sure, but i survived!
only another hour and 45min before i'm leaving for the day. with, or without, everything i'm supposed to have done finished.
@zem, its fine by me, i just wanted to put that out there... we'll finally get to use our hide-away bed! ;) our lazy boy couch has a pull out bed in it, its supposed to be pretty comfortable, i haven't ever tried it though... ;)
@zem, well its a long weekend for us too, but its our thanksgiving! ;)  maybe you guys take it off as a sign of support for your northern neighbours? ;)  on the plus side you could always nom down on some turkey and pumpkin pie, again, you know, for support... ;)
to be clear, next weekend is fall break. this weekend is monday.
lol, yep. it's friday, zem. well, its almost friday. only 4 more days!!!
is it friday yet? i've been waiting for a full day for it to be friday now. this weekend especially; fall break, 4 day weekend! still no idea why they couldn't have an extended weekend over halloween instead of a random weekend in early fall, but whatever, i'll take it!
bakhan, one of us should be fine with sleeping on the floor for a night, actually, especially if you have a sleeping bag or if we bring one. other than that, no allergies, i don't think, at the very least none from food.  just remember he's not entirely sure if he can make it yet, just pretty sure and won't know exactly how a project at work is coming along until nearer to time, if a little later notice is fine with you.
my manager came in this morning and asked if it would be alright to combine the two payrolls that we already do, or if there would be problems. first thing out of my mouth "i'm already chasing down too many approvals, that i have zero time for, to combine them both. even if we do it next year/ten years from now"
so here is what you do.  send it back to the person who sent it to you, and tell them to send it whom they need to in order to get the approval you need.  stop doing it for them! the only way it will ever change.  if you do it for them, it just reinforcing bad behaviour/practice, and adding to the bs you already have to deal with.  don't enable them!
hell, i don't have time on the best of days to chase down a vp approval for a wage change. it needs to change from them sending half approved shit to me, to sending it to proper people for approval and they then pass it along to me.
40 emails, with partial information, that my manager had access to(i expected her to at least look at the us payroll email inbox while i was off to see what needed to be followed up on, passed onto the vps for approval, or what was missing...nope), and all that is not including what was sent to my email. there's another 30 in there.
@gm, sorry to hear that, i hope it doesn't take you too long!
i just started this week, and already i want it to be over. so much bs happened on the two days i was off that there is an insane amount of shit to dig through, sort, get ready, enter, and hopefully...all before 4:30 since i do not want to work late.
morning kittens.
@zem, well thats fine with me, but i am running into a bit of a space issue.  my problem is, that i already had two bedrooms called for for the night of the party.  i have a proper bedroom for lz and his lovely wife, and for geist.  i was hoping that you wouldn't mind sleeping on the futon for one night and having a bedroom for the other nights.  if your brother were to come with, he would need to crash on the floor for one night.  do you guys have an air matress or something that he could use?  i mean really, other than the actual bedroom issue, i don't have  a problem with it.  let me know, asap please! ;)  also, does your brother have any allergies i should know about?
good morning kittens!
my brother just mentioned it may be late before he knows whether he's available, but if it's cool with you all, it'd be awesome.
lz, that sucks that everyone was holding back info on that employee. i have the reverse problem. i have informed the owner of the horrible work ethic and abilities of 2 of our employees. he does nothing about it. makes me not want to give a crap about what i'm doing. why should i bust my ass while they get away with their crap. i can't do that, just not that kind of person, but man.......it's getting old.
@bakhan,  i use a spray primer but have been considering going with the vallejo as well. even thought of the same thing that i just need white and black. i would be applying it by airbrush. i always prime, base coat, and varnish with the airbrush.  some of the blood rage monsters, the larger ones, i painted almost entirely with the airbrush. got some amazing shading. i wish more games had larger figures.
howdy all! painting minis while listening to prong is both awesome and terrible.
great, lz! i figured most cars with more than 2 seats seat at least 4, but thought i should ask to make sure. how about with you, bakhan?
zem, we'll either be going in your car or my wife's mazda 5. i don't know what you're driving, but there's plenty of room in the mazda.
hey. do you hear that? sounds like a clock ticking. count down to kitten con begins now. only 27 more days to go.
lz and bakhan, i just need a quick confirmation. i was going over several plans with my oldest brother because he realized he could go to seattle when i went to salt lake and we could go together till then, but then he thought it'd be too much of a drive. long conversation short, i realized he could keep his already made plans, but come to canada instead. so, the questions arise: lz, would there be room on the way up for another (small) person/alternate-driver/gas-payer?  bakhan, would it be correct to assume there's room for one more person to sleep? i don't know, it feels awkward to bring up a person completely outside this group, but it'd be cool. he's not *entirely* sure what'll be going on at work at that time, but there's a very good chance he'd have the week in question off already, which is what brought up the original conversation we had that led to this interesting situation.
oh i will, bakhan; only 2 assignments over 3 days? yes please! have fun with whatever it is you pretend to do when you're really just sitting there missing talking to me over the weekend!
ok, you kittens have a good weekend! i'm outta here! ;)
@zem, do you realize that i  haven't been to any theme parks at all this year?  damn man, not even one. :( i'm jonesing bad! ;)
i don't know, bakhan, it just comes pretty naturally to me. i guess focusing on just not dying is a good place to start and you can work your way to maintaining life from there.
@geist, you have no idea how bad i want to go right now! how can i live!?!
@bakahn: did you check out the halloween festivities' at universal studios? http://www.halloweenhorrornights.com/orlando/…= holy crap! we have got to go to this next year! i wish i had the money to go this year. it looks sooooo good.
like stuff that would have gotten her serious warnings long ago? that could have saved a good deal of trouble and pain!
i always feel fairly accomplished when, with significantly less than 5 hours of sleep and while feeling fairly nauseated by back problems, i understand at least 1/3 to 1/2 of what my p-chem professor said!
now that people know she's running on fumes, they're coming forward with more information about stuff she has done. it's like, damn, guys! if you had told me sooner, we probably could have taken care of this sooner! it does make me feel better about the whole thing, though.
@trinkets: hr does know how to waste money best. we get told "damn the expense, just pay them right now"...even though the following friday is their regularly scheduled payday.
geist, i can't wait to quit either! it means the week is over! i don't need a festival, just a lack of responsibilities is good enough for me.
@geist, i'm so jealous!  it sounds like you always have something cool to do!  we're starting decorating this weekend, so when all you kittens show up, it'll be fully decked out!  less than a month to go! muuu-ahahhahhahaha!
@zem, just breath man. seriously, when you feel yourself getting overwhelmed, whether its in your dorm or in class, go get a drink of water, close your eyes and count down from ten, repeat a funny limerick under your breath, whatever it takes, but break up the situation.  it will help.  you can do this man, and we've got your back!
@trinkets, i use vallejo surface primer, either white, or black depending on the tone i'm setting for the colour pallet.  every once in a while i'll go way out there and go with grey (i just mix the two).  i read a really good article on priming miniatures, and the jist was, very light coat (i usually cut the primer pretty heavy with water), and don't worry about getting into every nook and crany.  the paint will still cover those deeply recessed areas, and they won't need the primer because of where they are, and they won't rub or be touched.  the raised surfaces that are more prone to chipping/being touched will be primed, and you'll still have all of the delicate details left.  i find it works really well for me.
@lz, damn man, yeah, i think thats one of the hardest parts of management.  good luck bro!
morning kittens! i can see the weekend and i jdgaf! ;) we can do this!
morning kittens. it's friday and i can't wait for quitting time. two festivals this weekend and a book sale next week so i'll be out enjoying the new fall weather.
also, this has driven me just as crazy for years, what's the spanish flea remind you guys of? other than technical difficulties. i have no idea where i heard it from that i associate it with, and somehow, every time, i think it's a game show theme!
well tonight was productive. i proved to dozens of random strangers many things, most importantly that the only measurement ever based on a true, non-arbitrary standard is kelvin (though the increments are thus purely arbitrary considering the standard-shift), and that, while i absolutely don't support either the convicted clown nor mechahitler mk. ii for president, at least trump isn't under investigation for several various felonies.  remember the last president we elected who was convicted of felonies? i mean, nixon was actually a successful president, but he knew when it was time to leave before things got out of hand. i doubt clinton has that kind of restraint.  hell, she'd likely wave her hand and pardon herself!
i'm just holding my hand over the burner for now. i know when to back off a little even if it means not doing this assignment for the case of my own sanity.
pace yourself zem. there's plenty of life to drive you insane.  don't let school do it.
bakhan,  what do you use as a primer for your miniatures?
it finally happened. not for the first time, but the stress while studying for a class drove me partially insane. this is maybe the fourth time it's happened. not terribly insane this time, i stopped before it went too far, but i never understood what it was like to go insane before physics 2. sometime i think it would be easier...
i thought wasting money was what hr did best?
i also see their point. if they're not going to work out, it's better not to waste any more money on them.
ah. no, i see hr's point easily, she needs to go, but that also is very inopportune. we're here for you when this all starts to build up, and thankfully, though you won't be there to help train the new hire, at least it's vacation and you can relax. seems like after you get back, though, there  might be a little hit of extra workload. here's hoping this all works out for you better than you hope.
there's also the timing issue. when merit bonus time rolls around (within the next couple of weeks), i'm given a budget for the department, based on the number of people in the department and how much those people make. the fact that she's being fired right before merit bonus time means that i'll have less of a budget, so my other employees won't get as much of a bonus. it also means that i'll likely have a brand-new hire at the time of our trip to canada. it's less-than-ideal timing, is mostly the complaint. i would have preferred to wait until after the trip, but hr stepped in and said now is the time.
and completely soundproof!
i thought you had had to lay someone off. okay, i see now. yeah, this is going to be a stressful week. when you feel the need to go into a quiet room and yell at the top of your lungs, this room is always open.
because it puts a strain on the rest of my staff. and because i've never done it before, so i'm a touch nervous.
and then supposedly hid/trashed the files? yeah, she needs to go. i don't know why you sounded frustrated about firing them.
it's the person who has been on time less than half the time this year, and who mouthed off to me when i confronted her about it.
ah, naps. whoever invented you was the most genius person.
also, if you're going to do that, work the word "huge"  in there a few times! my wife and i get endless laughs out of that one... ;) you could say "huge", is huge in my house... ;)
lz, make sure you use your best donald trump impersonation when firing them. it will be like they were on celebrity apprentice and everyone will feel good about it.
@lz, this wouldn't be the same person you've been having issues with by any chance would it?
ghghghtrghgfghgg!! i have to fire somebody on monday.
@trinkets, hey man! doing good, hope you are too!
it's good now that i have nothing to do!  well... nothing except 3 assignments, one of which will take forever, but that's like nothing, right?
howdy all. hope everyone's day is going good.  i've been too busy these last few days to pop in much.
yeah, what are the core corps git-rich-n'-quit plans? we need to figure this out. remember the verbal contract. one of us gets rich, the others benefit at least minorly! we're all in that together, right? i'm working on my part, but i'm not creative. good news is that when you're all quitting work, you'll still be able to rely on my chances of getting rich. you guys got the better end of this deal time-wise.
okay, so a+ for mental fortitude, but my brain did not work. you want to know how little my cognitive function could throw sparks around this morning?  i literally could not figure out the function y=4x! i tried to graph it in the calc reci i debated skipping and literally could not remember what a modification of y=x looked like.  ` oh look, a fortune cookie! "i see a great nap in your future!"  so do i, cookie, so do i.
@geist, lol, sounds familiar.  the problem is, the even without training/practice, you probably can do it better than anyone else there when the other staff is out, so they are coming to know, and depend on this.  sadly, a common reality of the workplace is that you get punished with more work for doing a better job, and worse there is no compensation for being better. i'm with you though, lets just get rich and then we can do what ever we want to do, even if that is nothing! ;)
*sigh* why would you have me in a meeting for a procedure you don't let me practice in? and then when one of the other staff is out, you are going to expect me to do it like an expert. i swear i need to come up with something that will make me a ton of money so i can retire.
allllll by myseeellff.... now i'm, alllll by my seeellff.... ;)
good morning kittens!
i thought about skipping my first class. it's just a math recitation in a class we really don't have anything to review because we just had the exam, and it's an hour and a half i could skip and go straight to having one class and waking up at 8:30 instead of 7:00.  it was very, very tempting to go back to bed, but then i remembered one of my life mottos is "don't be that guy." plenty of people will probably skip today, and the ta will be looking for it. i can take a little hit to not look like an asshole.
woo! done with homework! just in time to be late for bed! woo... oh well, thursdays are better than fridays for me!
ok. that is it. no more getting into the office at 6 am. i could barely keep my eyes open and it prevents me from working on my apartment
i'm done for the week now. virtually. minor homework... ooh, concept questions for p-chem... small amounts of major difficult homework and classes, but that's all for the rest of the week! tomorrow is basically my friday.
i'm out now too...was just finishing up the last thing for this weeks' payroll, and now i can ignore everything until monday(which will be a massive load of stuff to do, but that's for monday gm to care about, not "wednesday is my friday" gm).
@gm, you can do it, i on the other hand, am heading home! have a good night kittens!
30 more minutes...don't know if i can do this man!
@zem, although, having watched that "debate" i would think that drinking would have made the watching easier.  that was so ackward! i honestly feel bad for all my american friends, how do you choose between those two?  any of you american kittens would make a much better president!
haha, someone made a video about a drinking game for the debate to drink every time trump interrupted or spoke over clinton.  it didn't go well. there's not enough alcohol in the world. i don't know about clinton winning, persay, but trump sure as hell knows how to lose hard. i'm calling mulligan on this election.
i was the one who went up to clean our eaves trough this year, only because we had a blockage that made it overflow. my dad held the ladder, and i cleared the blockage...that was all. we don't get much in the troughs anymore since we replaced our shingles with metal ones(they look plastic, but i'm told they're metal). also found some pieces of the old shingles in there, and the bottom of the trough had some sand from the old shingles in there, not even 1mm thick. and that's pretty much what i plan on doing with my house when i buy. grass and some trees(just a few, probably pine as they don't have as much cleanup), and probably a fire pit area in the back yard.
@gm, well the only thing i have growing at my house is grass, and a few rose bushes.  so my "winter prep" is pretty much nil.  i have a company coming to clean our eavestroughs (no way in hell i'm doing that), and after that, i can't think of anything else that will need to be done.  of course, this weekend we start on our halloween yard display!
@bakhan: i'm definitely going to get a bunch prepped to paint, and probably do the base coat. most of my plans for this weekend are to organize things, and help finish getting the yard winterized(one thing i am not looking forward to when i own a house...but i won't have a garden unless someone else wants it and takes care of it themselves)
exploding puppies was a flop? what a surprise. though you'd think with how much we shouted heedlessly into the comments that's how it was going to turn out would have been a tip-off. i knew it would pass if only because of the extremely low goal, which made me sad for all the suckers who gave money that would actually be taken.
geist, ready player one was pretty good, but i feel like it came off lacking or generally not as good as it could have been. part of it was cline taking opinion or belief as absolute overarching fact, which isn't bad unless you drill it as much as he did completely out of context of the book like that annoying person who thinks you should know their opinion every 3 minutes, disrupting the flow, but while the story was incredibly detailed and well-thought-out, it just ended up missing alot of perfect opportunities for the genre. i loved the book, it just could have been way better.
@gm, good for you! are you going to start painting your to:7s? ;)
@lz, i agree, just give it some time. i'm glad to here your new car is awesome! you're going to get a good chance to see what it can do, in less than a month! i'm also glad that you got the extended warranty! ;)
only 4.5 hours to go until i'm done for the week...and i'm already working on our wall calendar for 2017...the last week of december will be interesting if things keep going the way they are going...christmas is a monday, boxing day is the tuesday, and we have our big payroll that week...we are going to be juggling things around to pay people right, but probably not on the usual day...
i'm doing my best not to let them steal my car. i'm sure that i'll be fine with enough time, probably a week or two. it's just that it's so recent. my new car is pretty awesome, though. it runs like a dream. i did opt for the extended warranty because of its rebuilt status.
about 45 decks. based on the reward levels, and numbers that ordered those. however, it doesn't add up to the total of 41 people backing it(only comes to 37, i'm guessing the other 4 didn't select a reward)
@gm, i don't even know how you could make a game that cheap, without expecting substandard product.  how many decks were sold?
@bakhan: fair enough. his goal though, was just over 500gbp i believe, and he raised just shy of 1000.
@gm, i can only imagine, there were people who weren't happy with ek's quality... ;)
so, i was looking at my backed project list, and at the very bottom is a list of the ones that i either canceled or were unsuccessful. i looked at the one exploding puppies that was actually successful, and the comments showed that the quality was definitely not what it was advertised as.
oh man! megabots just updated their ks with a how to destroy giant robots video! giant fricken robots!!! *swoon* \(^.^)/
@lz, i don't blame you man! after something like that happens, any sound will freak you out!  you should see if you can get your hands on an inexpensive web cam or something, it might help.  also, those motion lights might be good too.  at the end of the day though, bad things happen to good people bro.  try not to let those bastards steal more than your car!
@lz: i wasn't able to sleep well monday night, i woke up an hour before my alarm(wide awake) and stared at it for half an hour before actually getting up and doing something.
then there's me: i haven't been able to sleep very well the last couple of nights. something about a new-found paranoia...
@gm: that was how i felt reading ready player one a couple of weeks ago.
i just couldn't put it down while the malazan marines were making a stand against the edur.
@gm, lol, that describes my teenage years so well!  so many late nights because of good books! just one more chapter... ;)
morning kittens. nothing like getting lost in the book your reading before bed(10:30pm), then glancing over at the clock and seeing the lovely red numbers 01:30...oops. today will be an interesting day.
just ask 'em if they know how fast they were going just meow? ;)
good morning kittens!
morning kittens
haha, too damn perfect, trinkets! offer them a choice of cheetos or their car keys back.
testing would be easy. ask the subject in question if they would like either a $20 taco bell gift card or $20 gas card.
@zem: that's pretty much the way it is for us. it's our us hr manager scheduling the session with all branch admins and managers so we are all on the same page...unfortunately, when my manager or i suggest a time, we look at the calendar, and all the approved holiday, then schedule around that so we don't make people work on holidays if they don't have to. definitely can't say the same about our us counterparts.
gm, when my dad worked for an indian company, they didn't give any heed to american holidays whatsoever except for the absolute major ones people would quit over. their holidays (not including the skimpy paid leave they were allotted) were something like thanksgiving (maybe even not that), new years, 4th of july most of the time (maybe), and christmas day, not eve. he liked that job better, but his new one treats them way the hell better. but yeah, he had to worry about indian holidays, but they sure as hell didn't worry about american ones.
that's not too bad an idea for testing, bakhan. i'm sure there're some pretty good, non-invasive, quick tests already, but they'd definitely have to be implementable, agreed-upon, and always effective.
remember kids, if you ever work in a multi country company, take into account the other countries holidays when planning mass meetings/training sessions. as is, two of the most important people to be in there(it's regarding new hire paperwork) have a holiday when it is scheduled...and damn it all, i want my thanksgiving to not be a work day!
@zem, as far as i'm concerned, if you're driving under the influence (of anything) and you kill someone, it should be second degree murder, automatically.  no mercy.
@trinkets, while i do agree with what you're saying, there is still the smoking aspect.  in bars in most places now (all in canada) it is illegal to smoke (anything) indoors or on a bar patio, etc.  so my thoughts are keep it out of public areas altogether, and just have it for personal use, at home, camping, etc. definitely zero tollerance on driving, but how do you test for it?  i was thinking a mouth swab and some sort of agent that you swirl the swab in to test for the presence of thc.  if you test positive, you're guilty, no matter when you smoked it.  not sure if it would work, or be too "invasive" but something along those lines i could see working.
yeah, if you're caught for dui, you should lose your license for at least a year automatically, and if you do hit someone or cause damage, no mercy. you're losing that shit if you're going to be that reckless. maybe if it's minor and you're a good boy, you can have a chance later on, but vehicular homicide under the influence should definitely be a much stricter law.
@trinkets: unfortunately, there are too many bleeding hearts in the justice system, that if something tragic did happen, the person responsible(if under the influence or not) would get practically a slap on the wrist. anything to do with bodily harm under the influence needs much harsher punishments, regardless of race/sex/religion. far too often people are let off with a light sentence(like a lady who killed her common-law husband while driving drunk last year, she was just sentenced to 42 months in prison).
just make it only legally consumable in designated public areas, like a bar for marijuana, or on personal property and zero tolerance on operating vehicles.
haha, bakhan, when i read "...make it legal, and keep it safe.", i read it like gandalf!  "keep it legal. keep it safe." "is it legal? is it safe?" ` i say just nobody abuse any drugs and we'll be fine. everyone, just exercise a little self-control and restraint and we'll give you more liberties. no more smoking yourself to cancer or drinking yourself abusive and reckless and we can give you those things. until then, humanity could do with a few checks. not to say everything should be illegal, but yeah, i can agree with some good limitations and regulations on stuff. sounded alot harsher than it did in my mind. you guys get my point though, but that just made me sound a bit butthurt or something.
@gm, i would treat it just like alcohol.  no public usage at all, not on the street, not in your car, etc.  the biggest hold up i see, is a way to test if people are under the influence, like a breathalizer.  a road side sobriety test probably wouldn't work as well.  the biggest thing i want to see, is a way to make it legal, and keep it safe.  i don't want people thinking its okay to smoke/eat/vape and drive, etc.  thats the biggie for me.
@bakhan: the biggest thing holding it back right now, is a bunch of the accords and crap that canada is part of on the world stage. i'm all for legalizing it, since they can earn tax revenue off the sales of it, as long as people respect others and don't smoke it near others when asked not to(like bus shelters, train stations, those type of areas...keep it to their backyards)
@gesit, oh i know! ;)  we're working on it federally here, they say less than two years to legalization.  i don't know if that will solve the problems, but it should get the more useless cases out of the legal system anyways.
@bakhan: it's not legal everywhere in the u.s. i wish.
@geist, yeah, but the herbal refreshments are legal where you live... ;)  we do have the maple though... good point.  theres a restaurant here that has maple bourbon syrup, so good!
good morning kittens!
morning kittens.
good morning all. lol, zem, all parties should be that kind of party!! yes, geist, as much as possible ;-)
oh yeah, d'y'all see my idea for someone to go as for halloween? satan! complete with mushroom testicles and a zucchini dong! so long as it's that kind of party... ;)
howdy trinkets. been making the devil giggle lately?
@bakhan: you have tasty maple syrup. you have herbal refreshments. (so looking forward to trying those out) plus you have bookstores. (gotta visit those) and that grizzly restaurant. you have plenty to entertain us kittens. not to mention we will be playing 40 rounds of ek.
howdy gang. everyone having a good day?
i've heard, seen, and found that midwesterners and most canadians are one and the same. we've already been invaded by canada. and i'm one of them!
@zem, i haven't really traveled through the midwest much. does minnesota count, people there were pretty cool.  people are people though, i've found cool people from all over.
@geist, wow really! what an honour! ;) just remember it isn't going to be like going to a completely different place. less guns, less stuff, colder, etc, but basically the same. ;)
@lz, that is great! i couldn't believe the price either! good find! i would definitely have a mechanic check it out first though, just to be sure.
really, geist? that's awesome! it's just like the us, only slightly colder! like seriously, if you've been to the midwest, just turn down the thermostat, and that's a good chunk of canada, except the people all over are alot like midwesterners too, but that they're more used to cold... my people!
this will be my first trip outside the u.s. and i'm so looking forward to it. the flight isn't that long and if it's a straight shot.
ah, those days with nothing to do. 2 exams this week, but plenty of time planned to study, only one assignment today... wait, that's not nothing, i actually have quite a bit yet today. dang. at least i can do my work whenever i want to throughout the day, i don't have to go somewhere for a specific time period.
yay...i don't need to be pestered regarding the "rush" payment...my manager took care of it for me. now i just have ~25-30min before i can leave for the day.
i'm also really glad we can still make it. i'm super stoked that i was able to find such a new car for so little
@lz, i'm so glad to hear that you're still coming, i've really been looking forward to having you all come up! like, really really! ;)
@geist, thems fighting words! nah, its just a peanut butter substitute thats safe for me, i've been told it tastes close enough to the real thing.
nothing like the "hurry up and get this guy paid" followed very shortly by the "we need to adjust that payment you're about to do", and right on the heels of that is "wait! we need to rethink this, we'll get back to you"
pee-butter? isn't that something a kardashian would eat?
as for food, i'm really not picky, but for mushrooms. those are the only thing i can't make myself eat, though i really can if necessary. but the rest of things i don't like i deal with.
if you couldn't find something, we could just use my car or whichever i bring there. it's not the car i'm worried about, it's that 12 hours is the upper limit for my driving as it is. hell, i could likely drive up to canada on my own, taking short naps, but it's less effective. plus, my brother may now be taking that week off to visit a friend in seattle, which means we could drive together to utah and he could take care of the car the rest of the week. plans still in progress, but tying things together better than that rug from the big lebowski.
@geist, ok! seafood is off the menu! ;)  don't worry about the spice, lz and i can add it on after!  my wife doens't care for burning either... ;)  i'll make sure that there's lots of juice (i also have a kick ass juicer), and bailey's! ;)  but if that's it, it should be easy, as long as gluten and dairy aren't an issue, those are much more challanging.  also, i won't have peanut butter (as i'm allegic), but i will have pea-butter which i've been told is close!
hot damn! kitten con is back on!
we're still coming. we were able to find a 2013 honda cr-z with almost 13k miles on it for $8k. i'm getting the loan processed now. only trouble is now the mrs wants to bring that along
...i think i may have come across the stupidest project on ks...it lets you keep using your phone(smartphone) while feeding your baby....
as for when i will arrive, it will be on thursday and i plan on arriving as early as i possible can. maybe around 10 am, no later than noon. i'll let you know real soon what the flight times are.
@bakhan: i'm like gm. i don't really eat much seafood as it can cause an allergic reaction from me. (the last time that happened, it was ugly) i don't drink coffee. if there is something else to drink, i'll choose that every time so some juice would be nice. or beer. (what is wrong with beer for breakfast?) unless you have a bottle of bailey's around, then i'll take a cup of coffee. ;-) i'm pretty easy to please. as long as the dish isn't slimy and has lots of flavor, i'll eat it. (please be gentle on the heat. i know lz can tolerate really spicy foods but i'd just only consume one bite and if i do eat the whole serving, i'll end up making your toilet pay)
which is part of the reason i'm planning on taking the thur and fri off this week. get some mind relaxation in before next weeks' "fun" payroll.
@gm, its all true, all work and no play makes jack a dull boy! ;)
@bakhan: i know he needs to work a lot to be able to pay for his month long trip next year, but he also needs to take time off so he doesn't burn out(i know, i've been there far too often). i will just have to pester him until he agrees to come along. that, and until he gives me the chocolates he brought back from the hershey's store in vegas earlier this month...
@gm, that would be great, i sure hope phil can come, you guys were a hit last year!
@bakhan: sounds like an awesome plan. i'll see what phil is doing, and if he is actually going to come along this year, and we can work on getting everything ready.
@gm, help on the saturday would be greatly appreciated!  it should be a full house as i'll have my wife's cousin and his girlfriend (my a team) helping as well, i was thinking hamburgers for early supper that day (around 2-3pm) as there will be snacks galore for the party!
@bakhan: normally, yes. but as it is, most of the stuff wont get to us until monday, and i will be told by people to drop what i'm doing(payroll) and do that for them. i will just look them dead in the eyes, and tell them payroll takes priority.
@bakhan: i can come assist all day on the day of the party, i will just bring everything i need for costume(still w.i.p), and anything i can to help(butter tarts will be ready by this day).
@gm, also, how are you taking the two days before month end off?  isn't that the craziest time for you?
@gm, ok, got it, so any kind of fish or shelfish is out.  as far as helping out, i'll have a better idea of what help i'll need when i start firming up what we're going to be doing.  i'm assuming that the thursday (oct. 27th) will be catch as catch can with people showing up at various times / needing to be picked up at the airport.  for friday (the day before the party) i'll probably need some help preparing lunch and dinner as i'll be neck deep in finishing off things for the party.  this might be a good day for people to go and check out book stores, etc. if they don't feel like helping (or are getting stir crazy).  saturday, i'll be going ape, getting all the fresh stuff prepared, last minute icing, and general chaos, so i'll probably need help with the meals that day.  sunday, will be a day of attonement / recovery... ;)  so it will be a free for all pretty much.  unless, people actually feel like doing stuff, in which case we could go to drum that day.  i was thinking that monday, for the day, we could go to banff, and be back in time for the halloweeners (very important), but i still think that would give us plenty of banff time.  any ideas or suggestions would be welcome!
morning kittens. @lz: hope that idiot gets his thumbs broken. @bakhan: not just shellfish, pretty much anything that comes out of the water and is considered a protein. and i can help out if need be. just let me know what i can do, or when to come over and assist, and i will do so. i'm also thinking of taking this thur and fri off since i have a few vacation days left, and not much time that works for taking off.
ok, assuming said sh*t stain hasn't ruined our chances of a kitten con... i've been thinking we need to start preparing some meal plans.  does anyone have any dietary concerns or alergies i need to be aware of (i know gm is allergic to shellfish).  even just things you don't like, as there's no point in making stuff people won't want to eat! ;)  i was thinking of having lots of bacon and eggs, hashbrowns, toast, cereal, etc.  and making things like pot roast, chili, pizza, burgers, basically stuff we could easily communal dine on.  so if there's stuff you don't like, or can't eat, shout it out!
@lz, no!!! ahhh! so how does this impact your being able to come up, i suppose thats been torpedoed now? soul crushing!
morning kittens.
morning.  by the way, everyone, yesterday's comments were all worth the read for those of you who weren't here. pretty eventful.
morning kittens.
alnerd parmel now too?  sorry, arnold parmel... palme-... arnold palmer. i literally typed that out as i tried to say it. i literally cannot say that man's name. but yeah, he died too! not a major movie star, but a loss nonetheless. at least he left his legacy in a drink that i can still butcher every time. how can i say alnerd parmel every time, but arnold palmer is impossible?!
i don't know. they're closed on sundays. i kinda doubt it, though. i only have liability coverage on it.
@lz: damn. sorry that happened to you. will your insurance company loan you a rental until you can get a new car?
reporting it to the police is all i can do
that's... wow. i guess you don't have a camera or anything. what are you planning to get it back, just report it to the police? ` also, yeah, it's perfect. i don't know if i could go as that, but someone has to!
zem, that would be hilarious. yeah, they stole it right from my driveway.
by the way, just getting this out there, it was satan, complete with mushroom testicles and a zucchini dong. though i need you guys to slap me and tell me "what the f*** were you thinking, mate? that's the worst idea i've ever heard!" or else one of us is for sure going as that.
hey guy---whoawhat?! what the hell? are you serious?! wow, that puts a damper on my new halloween costume idea. really, though?! that's horrible!
some shit stain stole my car last night!
yeah, as rowan atkinson once said, "no, they're not f****** hot...", but they are pretty dang hot as is. now have most of a bag when you're not in the mood for spicy and you'll see what i meant.  but they are pretty good. i never said spiciest thing i ever had, but they are worth it.
zem, i finally tracked down a bag of those ghost pepper chips. they're not as hot as i had hoped, bur still good. they're actually about as hot as i expected.
that's something you should have emailed support@explodingkittens.com about well over a year ago, walter. i'm pretty sure that's still the correct support email, so if you email it, they'd still love to help you out to get your kittens!
did anybody get their reward when they backed exploding kittens?  i never got mine.
whoo! still super psyched about finally having made a deal to be able to go. finally something concrete!
i'd say those 22% or whatever were indifferent or no opinion, but not all polls have that option, so who knows. maybe it was legitimate (for the small group they polled) or not. the funny thing is, no matter what the poll company is, they'll nearly always have some kind of slant because the people they poll are people who want to be polled by them.
@bakhan: ditto. i am out of here like yesterday's fashion line.
alrighty all you crazy cats! have a great weekend!
is cold and rainy today. it's a perfect day for crio bru when i get home.
the shield lands
i honestly couldn't understand if someone said they don't like canada.  whats not to like, eh? ;)
@gm, apprently polsters don't like math... ;)
@gm, either indifference or ignorance
one of the ones i recently read was that 3% of americans don't like canada...in the article itself, they said 75% liked canada, but 3% disliked it....where is the other 22%?
yeah, why can i never be part of those polls? i've seen some polls like that with a disclaimer saying they didn't count countries with 3 or fewer participants, which can't be a good sign as to the rest of the countries.
@gm, just remember the 37.19% of all statistics are just randomly made up! ;)
i keep seeing news articles saying "majority of (insert country here) in favor: poll", citing the results of the polls...i really don't know where they are getting the information, and who they are polling...but i have never seen, or heard, of the poll for whatever being done.
and now for a relaxing weekend. ... of at least 3 assignments in half my classes, 2, one very long, in another, and no sunday to have to work on them because i'm going to my grandparents'. i get the feeling today will be all work and no play (making me a very dull boy) today, going out to my parents' tomorrow, and then grandparents' sunday. no weekend for me.
@zem, aaaah snap! that is great news!  its on like the kitten con!
pretty sure i left my office to get lunch with bleeding me(from the s&m album) playing...and it's still playing
@lz, i with you on the metallica, black album and before, awesome, stuff in between that and st. anger kinda ok, kinda meh, and then everything after st. anger, awesome!
oh wow, and not a minute too soon; that's in just over a month now! good thing it's finally, concretely sorted!
but really, damn, i'm going to have to study hard for my final. that's now worth almost 30% of my grade, and to get below a 60% is really to get below a 30%. eek. but really, it shouldn't be terrible to not only not fail, but to not fail by that low of a margin.
whoo! just brokered a deal with my calc professor! i get a 0 on the second exam for obvious reasons, i won't be in-country to take it, but provided i achieve a 60% or above on the final exam, the percentage score of the final will become the score for my missed exam! guess who's finally for certain going to kittencon?!
it was a concept album by lou reed. he got metallica to play the instruments
lulu? i don't even think i ever heard of it.
@gm, same here, but i do think black album and everything before it is better than the good stuff between it and st. anger. st. anger was trash. i don't even acknowledge the existence of lulu
i liked everything pre-saint anger, then death magnetic hit and i was happy again.
@lz, i totally agree, its definitely nice to see them making some kick ass stuff again!  death magnetic was a breath of fresh air for them after so long in the shite... and this new promisses to be even better!
i definitely need listen to that...too bad youtube is blocked at work. =/ @bakhan: yup, you're right. my brain is 1/4 awake right now...good thing i'm not handling any payments today.
yes, and i'm super excited for the new metallica album! i'm very pleased with 'hardwired...to self destruct.' i think it sounds like kill 'em all and death magnetic had a baby.
looks like nov 25th, its a friday, @  dickens pub? crazy, i thought they could have gone with the coral, or something bigger anyways... i haven't been to dickens since i played there 7 years ago... ;)
nov 26 to be exact.
oh shit...not next year, according to the google search, it's this november
yeah, metallica's new album is due out nov 18th.
@gm, you need to let me know when they do, i want to go!
ah, well...may still pop into hmv after work. i'm also waiting on the new album from sonata arctica, i pre ordered it a while ago...just can't wait. they're also coming back to calgary next year sometime.
@gm, the album isn't out yet, asaik, but soon, the single is out though.
did it just recently get released? if so...i may make a pit-stop at hmv after work....
you should check out that new one by metallica, hardwired, it'll wake you up!
also...listening to amon amarth right now to try and wake myself up...isn't really working.
@gm, let me think ab.... nope! ;)
if i tell my boss that...think she would go for it?
@gm, hell, its 5 o'clock somewhere... ;)
morning kittens. is it 4pm yet? -.-
@geist, actually the exchange rate is actually really good for you right now!  $1 us = 1.32 canadian... i wish... ;)
@geist, when we travel down there, we normally exchange it at our bank before we go, we just watch the exchange rate and wait till its as favourable as its likely to be.  worst case scenario, you can get it exchanged up here as well.  you'll probably get better rates down there, but i'm honestly not too sure.  either way, though, it shouldn't be too much of a pain.
@bakhan: i wanted to ask you about how to exchange my american money for canadian. do i do that at the airport or somewhere here before i leave? i think there are a few places where i can exchange the money before i hop on the plane.
@bakhan: colds are weird. mine literally lasted 72 hours. i'm pretty much back to normal now. don't know if it was the cold medicine or my immune system. probably a little of both.
@geist, glad to hear that you're feeling better! i am starting on my halloween treat making (all the stuff that can be frozen) this weekend, so that i'm more prepared for you guys when you get here.  i'll probably be making mbb this weekend as well.... ;)
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. friday at last. my cold is getting better  (thank goodness. i wouldn't want to have to deal with that while in canada) and there is a small break between festivals this weekend. time for me to start getting ready to head north.
@zem, thats great news!
@lz, damn! i'm glad i don't have those dreams! my dad was a plumber, not only have i seen worse, i've had to help fix them. *shudder*
oh good, my professor has some ideas apparently for that exam, so that's promising to be able to go!
oh please let it be the weekend tomorrow.
i wish i could stop remembering toilets and restrooms from my dreams. almost every time there's one of those, it's like trainspotting, only worse.
oh yeah, and i know when i dream, or equivalent as prestated. i can remember having dreamed, if not the dream. ` another odd thing: i have significant dreams twice. i've had several times where i not only remembered a full dream very well and vividly, and not only can i still remember all of the main details of nearly all of those, but whenever one is that prominent, i have it again. always twice, and only twice. a few details are always different, but only inconsequentially so. it's so odd.
i don't even know if i dream. i'm sure i do, but i like to say i don't because 1) the arguments that make people suddenly find out they're so vehement in their beliefs about dreams it's like talking about politics, and b) i may as well dream once a month for what i do remember. and it's not like i just forget them either. i used to have dreams all the time. mine are super weird. not like that guy in your family who has some weird-ass dreams, just hyperrealistic. very rarely strange at all, but always very stressful, so i did away with them. i remember 2 dreams i came out of feeling good in my entire life; the rest were just some level of stressful.
i haven't remembered a dream since i was in grade 1...and i still remember it because it happened, exactly as i dreamt, the following day. i got to paint!
@lz, gawd! thankfully i haven't remembered a dream in years and years... very rarely were they pleasant to remember so, no loss there!
@bakhan, i actually once had a dream in which i had gone into the freezer and the metal shelf right next to it fell over. blocking the door. i had no reception, so i couldn't even let anyone know that i was stuck.
@lz, yikes! that wouldn't induce any panic attacks at all! >.>
i feel like i'd love working in a freezer. or at least some place that needs refrigeration. i love going into factories and warehouses that need to be kept at 50-60 degrees.
and he's a regional sales guy too.
i'm sure he'd be fine with that, especially if you expressed it in millicents
love when people don't give all the paperwork needed to be paid(guy didn't give us his w-4 - same as our tax forms - or his offer letter...yet it's our fault for not paying him). wonder if he would be happy with the number i come up with for his annual salary...$1/year.
@gm, no @bakhan, it was great on really hot days. any other time, though, it was miserable. the door was really heavy, too, so it always fely like i got stuck in there.
@lz, thats what i'm talking about, i couldn't do it! i hate the cold, so much!
@lz: did anyone ever get told to mop the freezer?
i worked with a walk-in freezer at a precious job. it was used for reagent storage. it had to be kept at less than -20 c. that was a fun freezer.
yeah, it's almost like they wanted product to be damaged before sending it to the stores. so glad i got out of there.
@gm, that just sounds asine.  you never pick the loose stuff before the boxes, pretty much ever.  i'm surprised that they didn't have boxes for the chicken, or crates, or whatever to make it more stable... oh well, you're much better off now!
@bakhan: ah, i worked at west fair foods(food warehouse for superstore and their group) near the airport for a few weeks(i couldn't handle the layout they used for picking orders...you get pallet sized plastic flats - like the ones used in bread stores - of chicken, that you pick before boxes of meat, so you have to try and stand the meat on top of the chicken until you get clear of the isle to rearrange it...so many pallets that fall over due to that), and that place was cold....i didn't even work in the freezer!!
@gm, i'm thinking frozen food storage, like blue star, or conastoga, they warehouse stuff for m&m meats amongst others.  i almost took a job at blue star years ago, it paid $5 an hour more, but i couldn't deal with the cold... ;)
@bakhan: not sure of any that would suffice.
@gm, fair enough, you just know how it is... i really want it to be nice for them, well, as nice as it can be.  we could take zem on a private tour of walk in deep freezes! ;)
@bakhan: the driving to drum and banff is why i don't want it to be a bad one. but, that being said, i did only mention cold. no snow or anything. :p
@gm, don't even joke about it! i want one of the mildest halloweens ever, although, i think we're due for a nasty one...  i'm thinking it would pretty much suck driving to drum, or banff in the icy crappy weather is all.  nothing like the mountains when its snowing... >.>
alright, so i need to add a day to both sides of that schedule... exam is nov. 1... let's see, if i leave the 26th, i can meet up with you and we can work it out, but likely leave from there 27th, be back home the 3rd... i really hope i can get this to work out!
@zem, lol, yeah 50c would be plenty hot!  thats halfway to boiling water.... ;) about 122f
bakhan, oh! oh, fahrenheit! for some reason i thought you meant you had a high of 50 c and had no clue where the hell in canada you were! "i'm on vacation in sahara, canada!"
zem, we're going to be leaving either on the evening of october 26 or the morning of the 27. we'll be coming back on november 2
i'm half hoping that when everyone comes up, if zem can make it, that it's one of our colder halloweens. :p
@zem, right now we're sitting at a balmy 43f and going up to a high of 50f... seriously, i don't think you know what living in the cold is like... :(
lz, if you get on today, that question about schedule is still as important, thanks!
daniel, uhhh... this campaign ended 2 1/2 years ago. sorry to break it to you.  we don't serve your kind round these parts! you'll have to go to amazon to get that now!
geist, how do i know it's fall out? the high is only 90 today! it may seem high, but wednesday was like 96. thankfully this weekend it'll go down to 68 by next week due to some storms.
can i go back to bed? i'm sure that if i lived alone, i would probably still be passed out in my bed.
@daniel, purchase what?  if you want ek or it expansion, you'll need to go to amazon.  good luck!
@gm & trinkets, good morning gentlemen!
@geist, it isn't the juice that deals with the hunger pangs, its your own bodies natural response.  its a throw back to when humans used to regularly starve, your body kills the head aches and stomache pain, and hieghtens all your natural senses, it takes about 3-5 days to happen and its quite painful, after that though, its easy peasy.  the hardest part is actually the taste / smell of the juice! ;)
if we make a big purchase (around 8-10 items) can we get a discount?
morning trinkets
don't think i could do a juice fasting. i'd be chowing down on burgers and fries within an hour. plus i'd have to drink 20 pounds of fruits and veg to stave off the hunger pains.
good morning all.
morning kittens.
so i started a smoothie fast today, so far so good! i just don't think i do another juice one.  the last time i tried the juice i thought i was going to die everytime i smelled the juice, even just straight up fruit juices.  even now, not even remotely tempted by apple (used to be my favorite) or orange juice.  i'm hoping that while results will be slower with smoothies, that with the variety of flavours i can keep it new enough not to burn out.  wish me luck!
good morning kittens!
how do i know that fall has arrived? i'm nursing a cold.
ah, so my back hurts and is making me not feel good. so it's gonna be one of those mornings...
in fact, after all of this, i'm feeling so productive i'm going to sleep early! sounds weird, but it is actually productive. i'm always underslept and tired. going to sleep at 10:30-ish will help alot.
oh yeah, lz, when you see this, what was the schedule you were expecting for canada? i need to know so i can email my calc professor and see if i can move my exam. i just remember i would get back something like the day after. thanks!
woo! that went alot better than i expected! it may have to do with the fact that i literally spent and hour memorizing the postulates of quantum physics alone, but i expect a good, solid 50% or so. so much nicer than i was expecting!  also, 50 should be about average. the most common story you hear from this class is people who didn't pass a single exam and got like a b+ final grade.
@zem, verbally, not pysically... and anyways, you know what i mean! ;)
i'll just have to be bigger than that then! i'll be the biggest person in the world! you'll never be able to kick my entire butt! ... maybe i should stick to studying for today's exam. just think: in 5 or so hours, it'll virtually be the weekend!
@zem, just so we're clear, there's no way in hell i'd eat one of those reaper chips, no way! ;)  as per your exam, i can't stress enough how important education is, and if it will compromise that in any way, don't even think of coming! i don't care how big you are, i'll kick your butt!
oh, yeah, i didn't read and understand it all. just one of those days. which makes an exam nice since i can't think fully. whee. but yeah, the ghost pepper ones are bad enough as it is. i don't want those! aaand yet someone's bringing them to canada, aren't they? ` speaking of which, the one conflict i had with going up there may or may not be able to be bypassed. it's really confusing and doesn't help that the alternate exam for that class is literally just after the normal one because logic.
@zem, basically they take the ones that  you had, and add carolina reaper pepper to them.  i can't wait to get home and see some reactions to eating them on youtube! ;)
also, creeper, you'd better get back in the swing of things! i'm only 360 comments away! muhuahahahahahaha!!!
gm, rocks sometimes the size of small towns with equivalent volume burn up to dust. a small metal apparatus isn't a big threat at all. ` also yes, who is this mavis? i remember something about a puppy, but nothing so much as a daily saga.
bakhan, where do you get those bags? i have a normal black chip bag of them. one chip? pfft! i had 5 over the entirety of police academy when i opened them and only needed a cup and a half of milk to feel normal again!
@zem, you might find this interesting... ;) http://time.com/4502025/worlds-spiciest-chip-paqui-carolina-reaper/
@creeper: mavis the pup? i do not recall hearing about a mavis before.
i'm attempting!  currently dealing with the daily saga of leo vs. mavis the pup. also keeping eye on a tiny little kitten in the backyard and his mama.  making sure she's caring for him.
also...apparently i'm supposed to remember something that happened a little over a month ago, when i can't even remember the train/bus ride home last night.
so...apparently the chinese space station if going to come crashing down to earth sometime next year. as for when, couldn't say. but according to the chinese space authority...it should almost all disintegrate upon reentry, and pose no threat to human life.
hey creeper! good to see you!
morning creeper and bakhan. long time no see creeper. keeping (barely) out of trouble?
hello kittens and super kittens!
@gm, good morning sir!
morning kittens.
amazeballs!
@geist, glad it turned out to be nothing!  so much craziness down there right now! you take care of that new job, its priority number one!
good morning kittens!
so not ready for today. let's just get it over with so i can enjoy pretty much an early weekend with  classes.
morning kittens. the bomb scare was over around noon. after the bombings in new york and new jersey, the authorities are taking no chances. tons of meetings yesterday and all week. i won't be able to play with you guys too much this week but i'll check in after work.
dang, starting civ v was a bad idea! i've lost my life to it now! at least i finally settled on which game to play until its done now.
that should be fun. hopefully it does come in at that time, and we can play the hell out of it.
so the expansion is supposed to be shipped on the 18th of october, so if we're lucky, it will show up while you guys are up here! how awesome would that be?!
@lz, yay!!! guavanero!!! that's a helluva name! love it!
i put guavañero on my hamburger for lunch. it is so good! i'll be bringing some when i come to calgary.
i do like sweet hot sauces though, so i can't wait to try that one!
say something about don't make me put a ghost pepper in your ass. that'll get you moving.
@lz, that sounds amazing!  the sauce, not the slacker... ;)  you should tell him you're gonna force feed him one roasted habanero every day he isn't done, that should help motivate him! ;)
bakhan, i learned on saturday that the guy hasn't even freaking started on the new logo. i wasn't too happy with that news. the new sauce is done. it tastes fantastic! guava, pineapple, strawberries, tamarind, lemon juice, salt, ginger, and smoked habañeros. my wife thinks it's way too hot. i think it's about right.
woo! of the 3 things in 2 separate shipping packages i ordered on amazon, one got here 2+ days early! now if the other one could stop fooling around in washington. it went from missouri to washington, completely bypassing nebraska in the process! they could have duct-taped it to the bumper of some random passing truck headed this way and it would've worked better!
i'd say just say the things you said here on some company-wide missive just to make sure the record is straight on all accounts, accommodate minor things, but if it's the wrong form or something, or missing swaths of information, then send it back.
might have found the root of most of my problems. people being given the wrong information. supposedly one of the new hires is only temp, so the admin was told not to do a new hire packet for them...which would be fine if she wasn't being paid through our system.
@gm, so be proactive man!  find that email, and resend it out with the note that this is the only acceptable new hire package, anything else will be discarded with out even being read.  or something.  when i first started in my departement, our customers used to run roughshod over us all the time.  it took me a while, but i managed to get most of them trained.  everything used to be a rush, omg, emergency, panic!, then i started to call them out on it.  and i instituted a policy by where, if you tell me its a rush, i drop something else to do it for you, and then you don't pick it up for two weeks, it wasn't a rush, and you won't be getting the privellage again.  find their point of pain, and make them feel it.  they'll come around.
we have the completely wrong new hire package being used(this is one from 2014, if not earlier). we revised it, and sent it out(well, the hr girl that's no longer here did) back in early aug, if not mid july. the new package was made so people can fill it out on the computer, so we can read everything and not see a 7, when it's really a 1, or a 4 that's a 9(so many errors with those). we get incomplete direct deposit information, and as of sept 1, it's mandatory direct deposit. i will not chase down any paperwork anymore, if they wonder why something is missing, well i didn't get it in time, and it's too late to put it on this payroll.
@gm, thats lame, but, as a silver lining, it gives you permission to do the same.  missing information on the forms that were sent in, put some stickies on there asking for information, or highlighting missing areas, and send it back to them!  if its good for your manager, its good for you.  in my opinion...
doesn't help that when my manager reviews the new hire packages, after they're input into the systems to ensure they are accurate, she won't fix anything(i input 40 within the last two working days), she will just drop it back off with stickies saying what needs to be fixed...i'm ready to snap at anyone, and everyone.
@gm, that isn't being heartless, thats being practicle.  if you keep enabling people by accomadating their bs, thats being foolish, or just crazy.  the only thing that motivates people to change is pain.  make them wait till the next pay cycle, or keep sending back improper paper work, till they get it right.  it will piss them off, sure, but the hope is that they will learn.  if you just take all of thier work on your shoulders, it adds to your stress and makes you even crabbier.  save your sanity, make those people do as they should!
i'm starting to reject any paperwork that isn't the proper version, if anything is missing, and i will refuse to pay guys if the paperwork is late. i am tired of working late nights because people can't get me what i need, before i need it(i just got hire paperwork for a guy that started sept 2, today).
@gm, if it makes you happy, go for it! ;)
time for me to become the cold heartless bastard a lot of people think i am.
@geist, jesus! is it safe? they should just let you guys go!
morning kittens. bomb scare this morning has half the floor evacuated. my department was allowed to stay where they are because we are farthest away from a potential blast.
@lz, congrats on the hot sauces!  speaking of which, where is your campaign at young man? ;) also, any progress on that new one you're working on?
morning kittens!
dang. now i'm getting so into civ v!
that's awesome! i know nothing of the sauce, but that's cool nonetheless! ` i've never understood shipping. i ordered from amazon, and it told me via tracking that it left kansas city, mo. that's nice, that's like one day's drive away! nope. it went half the country in exactly the wrong direction to auburn, washington. because it's obviously much more efficient. sure, maybe not as many shipping trucks go from kansas city to omaha, but it sure seems like it'd save alot of time and energy to send it that way.
my missing bottle of zombie snot came today! as an apology, they threw in a free bottle of chilimaster's reserve, as well!
2 exams this week. fun to be had all round.
@geist, we made some "special" chocolates this weekend!  they worked out pretty darn awesome i must say!
@geist: i'm the same way with all the stuff that is thrown at me, with half assed work done on it. and on top of it, something that my manager needs for a legal dispute, she wants me to find because i don't have enough on my plate already(sarcasm anyone?)
@bakhan: you don't know how much i'm looking forward to it. i'm going to bathe in maple syrup. eat plenty of your special short bread cookies. hide zucchinis in lz's room. much fun will be had.
@geist, sorry the burden is heavy! hopefully the rapidly approaching kitten con will help allieviate some of the pressure! ;)
sorry i haven't been talking much today. tons and tons of work plus the accounting big wigs are in the office this week. plus training. plus working late. plus me having no life. (what else is new) plus me walking further down the road to spinsterhood.
wasn't that an h-bomb? o_o
that kind of f-bomb could wipe out a japanese city! oh, sorry, dark humor. probably not the best place for it. ;) ` so instead of not getting enough sleep to start the week, i just got barely more than minimum to start, that'll wear off in 2 days, and then i can fail to catch back up! much nicer!
you're effen a right it is! ;)
"faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak"? that is a long f-bomb!
that entire asterisk area is one long f-bomb.
@gm, pg-13 allows one eff-bomb per movie! ;)
************************************************************************************************* ` that work for pg-13?
is there a pg-13 version? ;)
oh, and family friendly version.
ftguyaigbfvkhdlghouijshabglkjgyhsad;jlbnaspui and that's the abbreviated version. -.-
public transit!?  eeeeeewwwwww!!
@gm, gross! i find that the c-trains are even worse than the busses that way, also the smell of urine is quite off putting as well. nasty!
@bakhan: there was someone passed out on the train this morning, i could smell the mouth wash rolling off them.
@gm, yeah, working downtown sure has its drawbacks!  i'm so glad i don't do that anymore... ;) me and public transportation don't get along all that well... ;)
@bakhan: then i have to either be on the rotation for the parking at work(there are limited stalls, and people are on rotation for when they can get it), or pay the insanely expensive cost of parking downtown. hell, as is, i'm tempted to drop the daily coffee and put that money towards my savings instead.
@gm, see, this is where driving would have saved you that agrivation!  right now you're limited to the timmy's thats closest, where, if you drove, you could pick one up, on the way. ;)  hope you have and excellent day my friend!
morning kittens. nothing like ordering your coffee in the morning, and the four people who ordered after you, getting theirs first. and my order is very simple...large dark roast, black. they had regular(1 cream 1 sugar), double doubles, and other things that are complicated before i got mine...i even got my food before my coffee.
@geist, good morning!  so dish! what all craziness did you get up to?
morning bakhan.
good morning kittens!
the more sleep i get, the worse i feel in the morning. why does this happen to me?!
easy weekend for me. i needed it.
home. very busy weekend. tired. time to start preparing for the coming work week
aaaaaah! a creeper!  howdy! [whatever the goodbye equivalent of howdy is]!
aaaaaaah! i want that face cradle pillow!!
man... maybe a few new games was a bad idea. but two of them were ones i've been wanting to buy for awhile spurred by the fact that civ v and all its dlc were like $12, down from like $130-ish!
half hour nap and coffee it is/was! nap was, coffee will be. it's an exciting lesson into the past, present, and future tenses of exhaustion!
need a vacation from fun? is that what they're calling mondays now?
ok kittens. i'm off for the weekend. there are three festivals and an anniversary card game that i'm suppose to attend. i'll need a vacation from all the fun. be safe and i'll chat with you guys monday!
i still call taster premier. maybe even  an alpha or "i am the one who knocks" in the title somewhere.
@bakhan: you da man! especially if your bacon maple brittle takes off. i'll be looking to join your company when you become filthy rich.
ha ha! finished that whole massive design in under 30 mins! who's the man!?! no seriously, who? cause he's not me, or i wouldn't be here, i'd be busy being awesome somewhere... ;)
@geist, lol, i honestly think my wife would love that! hehehe! she always sleeps on planes, or travelling anywhere on anything really... ;)
life goals: http://9gag.com/gag/axdyw21
i've seen those. i've thought they look pretty functional, but even more stupid-looking.
...i can see people chocking with that thing around their necks....
this is silly. if i see someone on the plane like this, i will giggle at them and give them a pbr. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1879934341/facecradle-travel-pillow-upgrade-to-sleeping-class…
nothing like having to rush the design on sunshine villages snowmelt... o_o
gm... wow, they were planning that one for you! someone must like you but not know how to show it, so like a kid they pick on you to show affection! because damn you have a secret admirer!
cb, i hope so! zem is my favorite character of any story ever, and i was born on what would become towel day, so i'm pretty sure i'm the chosen one or something like that.
i just got more new hires to enter...
3 for me, and things are starting to get hectic with everyone just realizing they need stuff for this weekend... >.>
2 more hours before i jump ship.
@zem, congrats for making it through your week!  now get some sleep young man! ;)
doesn't a name like, "zem the mattress" automatically associate you with douglas adams?
huh, i've been reading so much of the hitchhiker's guide recently even my sleep-commenting is starting to resemble adams' writing style. i only wish i could write like him!
it's over. the nightmare is over. the week has been vanquished.  i caught a glimpse of myself in a mirror and sold it to a circus it was so startling. i don't know whether i need 10 hours of sleep, a pot or two of strong coffee, both, or just a new passport registered to zem mattress mcphil and a new life somewhere far from here where i have wide access to a bed, a pot of strong coffee, and basically everything that isn't how i feel right now.
@geist, well, we're nothing if not enablers... ;)
@geist, don't worry, you'll get your fill of maple! by the time you leave you'll be over it for sure! ;) as per the butter tarts, you'll have to take that up with gm's mom!
hooray for not being able to finish entering the new hires into both systems...so many entered, but job codes not being set up, and my manager wanting them a certain way(and her being off since yesterday) doesn't help.
http://www.1-877-spirits.com/spirits/kah-anejo-tequila did someone say tequila and sugar skulls?? oh great. something else on my list that i want to buy. you are determined to make sure i don't have any money to spend when i get to canada.
@gm: i feel entitled to all the maple syrup canada has. and it's butter tarts.
@cb: with me being in payroll, pretty sure they would consider it grounds.
@gm, @bakhan, another way to get around the work filter is to smuggle in an "unauthorized" laptop and hotspot and do your research off the corporate grid. that is ... unless your corporate policy considers that grounds for termination ...
@gm, years ago i figured out how to beat our work filter.  translate what you're looking for into a different language, russian seems to work well, then the filter won't block it, translate the page, and you're in! ;)
i can't look at any page that involves alcohol while at work...they have it blocked completely. it was funny, because when we did our christmas party back in 2014, the receptionist had to do research for it, and couldn't do a lot of it at work because of the filter.
i just noticed that they say in that description its only available in the us, i beg to differ... ;)
@lz, well then, i'll make sure that we rectify that situation when you guys come up!  my wife loves it and we have a couple of high end brands.  one of them has a suger skull bottle, but both bottles we have were well over $100.  i did some research and made sure i got her some good ones, i like to do my best to spoil her once in a while! ;)  http://www.1-877-spirits.com/spirits/kah-anejo-tequila
i understand where the couple is coming from in thinking they shouldn't need a ticket for their infant. suing is way over the top, though. if i found myself in that situation, i'd probably protest needing a ticket, make a case to the venue for why i shouldn't need one for the infant, and then ask for a refund on the tickets i already had because i don't want to pay for it. actually, i have been in that situation, now that i think about it. i did protest, and they told me that the only rule was that the infant needed a ticket, which they could offer me a discount on. they said this with a wink and a nudge. i ended up getting a $5 nosebleed ticket for the baby, and then we went and sat in our 5th row seats, holding the baby. everything worked out.
i haven't had tequila, so i don't know whether occulto tastes much like it. it's a sweet beer with a bit of bite to it
okay...i think i've seen the most self entitlement related news story of the year...a couple planning to sue the nhl for human rights violation because they were told they needed a ticket for their infant(who is still breastfeeding).
@cb, yeah, i have that adapter that you can put your own ground coffee into your kurig, but i almost never use it.  too lazy... ;) if i want it bad enough, i'll use my french press... needless to say, doesn't happen very often. ;)
wish it came in k cups.  i'm too lazy to grind my own, especially before i've had my morning coffee.
yeah...tequila and i don't get along well...it likes to come back for seconds, no matter when/how i drink it.
@lz, does it smell or taste like tequilla? if so, then nope! i can't even smell tequilla without feeling my stomache churn... bad bad bad experience with it!
have you guys ever tried occulto? that stuff's not bad, either. it's agave infused and aged on tequila staves
smoked habañero... that's a good idea! i had planned on tamarind to balance out the sweetness, but i wasn't sure if that would be enough. there'll also be some ginger in there, which should also help.
morning kittens. @bakhan: love me some gunn! that stuff is so awesome...i might go pick up a bottle or two on my way home tonight.
@cb, that made me think of this! https://www.kickinghorsecoffee.com/en/coffee/kick-ass-whole-bean… its actually a really tasty cup of coffee!
@lz, if it's really bad, you could say that you drink bad ass coffee.
as far as favourite beers go, i really don't care for most of them.  i never have.  when i was younger, i would get drunk, then start drinking beer! ;) but, the one exception to that rule is innis and gunn, that stuff is amazing!  i can actually drink the whole bottle, not just the top 2/3 of it!  tasty to the last drop!
@lz, congrats! and good luck on your hot sauce competition!  so many ways you could go with that one, i would be curious about a smoke or fire roasted habenero combined with that guava... i think the smokey flavour could kick it up a notch and help balance the sweetness.  if it works out, you'll have to bring some up with you!
so glad this is my last early morning for a while. not least of all because this coffee tastes like ass.
@cb, honestly if any campaign is going to do it i wouldn't mind if they were the first!  i think that they have created a product the fulfills a need, and will actually help people.  even the fact the they are drawing attention to the need for people to fidget will help.  as the awareness spreads, more people will be allowed to fidget and live happier more productive lives because of it.  hard to feel bad about that! ;)
morning kittens.  we have a new rival setting its sights on dethroning ek from the "most backed" position.  they still have over 100,000 backers to go, but they have over a month to do it.
@geist, they were most famous for their collectable hockey cards that came with a stick of super hard gum inside.  as a kid growing up in canada (if you were my age or so) it was the thing you probably spent the most of your allowance on.  that thrills gum though... shudder... ;)
@geist, happy friday! we made it!  only 7 hours to go for you! 7.5 for me... >.> and my departement is short staffed today, but, hey, at least its friday! ;)
oh-pee-chee? any gum made from a company with the word "pee" in it gets a pass from me.
howdy bakhan! happy friday! i cannot wait for this stinking day to be over. i got home super late and arrived at work today at 6 am. i'm leaving at 4:30, no matter what.
have you guys ever had the misfortune to try thrills gum?  those would be the devil's teeth! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thrills
good morning kittens!
*dumps all of trinkets pbr and replaces it with a micro brewed ale*
can't. wake. up. this.  morning.
wow, within 30 seconds, the wind went from 0 to no chill! i guess that's a good sign from either heaven or hell i should go to bed now...
make it smell super sweet, but then include just one or two carolina reapers. just enough to get a bite in there. just enough that they'll be able to use the toilet as a launch pad tomorrow.
so, i'm thinking of including pineapple, tamarind, and strawberries in the sauce. i'm thinking of calling it guavañero
leinenkugel's oktoberfest, guiness, schlitz, killian's irish red, new glarus' spotted cow.......all fantastic beers. new glarus is only available in wisconsin, though. but if anyone is travelling through, i couldn't suggest enough that you need to stop and grab some spotted cow.
and i have it on good authority that the most interesting man in the world would probably drink better beer than dos equis.
for the record, fosters is not australian for beer.
less than 400 comments to top creeper and dethrone her as #1 commenter! the throne will be mine!  i warned you all...
so does that mean satan gets... piss drunk? ` *badum-tss* thank you, i'll be here all night.
trinkets made satan laugh his balls off... ...again and again and again. that must be why mushrooms are so readily available everywhere you go.
heheehheee! i thought that might get a reaction. i've actually never had pbr, so i can't pass judgement.
if that's the case geist, i have made satan laugh his balls off.
no, we did not agree to that!!
didn't we also agree that pbr is satan's piss?
@trinkets: it is a known fact that every time someone drinks and pbr, satan giggles.
@lz: roflmao! thank you for that!
awesome!
the guy who's doing the logo should have it done soon
well, what about the rest of his anatomy?  also, that's a strange rule for hot sauce... speaking of which, campaign soon? ;)
in other news, i'm getting ready to enter a hot sauce making contest. only rule is that it has to use guava...
guys, guys, guys! it was firmly established that mushrooms are satan's testicles and zucchini is his dong!
*geist i think that is the first time my phone has done that with your name.
well, guest and others who dislike pabst......does anyone have availability to leinenkugel's?
so it couldn't have been too bad.
are we going to keep it anatomically correct? because you know what i would have for hot dogs.....
@trinkets: bottom floor has a pub, second floor a daycare, then above that is all apartments. it was the upper most floor where the smoke was coming out of. and there was a lady 4-5 floors below that was standing on her balcony watching the street.
blue ribbon = first place; -)
lima beans are pretty nice, though. we're going to need everyone to make their own satan anatomy and upload it to the site now!
@trinkets, you may have been drinking too much pbr my friend.... ;) and gross! licorice = ambrosia! not nasty nasty!
holy crap, gm. hope everyone made it out ok. what was in the building?
lima beans are fantastic. loves me some lima beans.
and geist....................., you take that back!!!!!  blue ribbon livin' is the life for me!
oh yah. black licorice is the devil's taint. squash must be the devil's fromunda cheese.
licorice is the devil's taint. so is pbr
@bakhan: i will agree about the lima beans...but not entirely with the offal. some of that is not bad if done correctly.
so, little bit of excitement today. the building across the street from us was on fire(couldn't see the flames, but did see the smoke from the uppermost apartment). at least 5 fire trucks, a district chief(there are two of their vehicles, so possibly two), an ambulance, and tons of spectators.
@zem, that would be a highly debated list! i love squash and licorice! neither one belongs as part of the devil.  that would be reserved for things like offal, lima beans, fiddlers greens, you know, actually gross things... ;)
i thought that was mushrooms. licorice is probably the devil's tongue or something like that. or his poop. that's probably what satan's poop looks and tastes like. or was it his dick? where's creeper and idle? we need to settle this again! we should have made a breakdown of the anatomy of satan on the corps site!
mmm...licorice. i still have like 3 licorice cigars in my cupboard above my desk. i know they are nice and aged(rock hard and good for sucking on) by now. ;)
@trinkets, i thought that was what you were calling licorice? ;)
squash.......you mean the devil's taint?
thats it gm, time to get your own place! ;)
yeah, i don't know how it made it into the house either.
gross! i love spaghetti squash, but prego, seriously?  if i have to buy a tomato sauce (i normally make my own), that one doesn't even make the list.
...i hate you. i had very bland(and very undercooked) spaghetti squash with "spaghetti sauce"(basically, that prego sauce crap) for lunch...and not much of it either.
had perogies for lunch! so tasty!
one system down...one to go. so many new hires...i'm up to 24 now.
trinkets, i wish! we should tell him he needs to make an appearance sometime on here.
@gm, that was the beauty thing about essays, they were all bs! all you had to do was be good at bs'ing and you're in! i remember a teacher reading part of one of mine aloud in class to show others as an example of how it should have been done, and i just cringed, it was just a circular arguement... >.> :p
@bakhan: the morning after we did the written portion, my friends and i were sitting in the cafeteria playing magic: the gathering, and our teacher came up to myself and one other, and said we got the highest marks(99 and 98) on that portion. he didn't specify who got which, but that they were the two highest marks for the entire school. and i bullshitted my way through that part of the exam.
@gm, lol, i don't remember anything quite as rediculous as that, but yeah, it was easy.  i was still pretty cool seeing how excited my social teacher was for me about the written portion.  its one of those feel good memories (of which i have very few).  my family was the kind where you got 93% on a test they would ask, where the other 7 percent was... ;)
@bakhan: yeah, the social 30 exam was a joke. i remember, to this day, that there was a question that showed a picture of japan, stats for japan, and asked what country it was for. the answers, to my knowledge, were japan, north korea, china, and indonesia. talking with people after, i was surprised at how many did not answer japan for that.
@gm. way back when i wrote the social 30 exam, i scored the highest mark ever on the essay portion, and second highest mark overall.  for all the good that ever did for me... ;)  social was of course social studies.
@zem, "that jacket one" beat us out on most funded, but we're way ahead of them on most backed.
@zem: back in high school, when we did our social 30(grade 12 level) diploma exam, i was done within 20minutes. same with a few of my friends. unfortunately, we had to stay there for an hour minimum before we were allowed to leave. when we got our report cards after, we all had some of the highest marks we've ever had on the tests(mid to high 90s).
i wonder if elan or the oatmeal ever pop on here and check the commen's out?
good morning all.
it just shows that your german is better than theirs.
not confusing, weird. like everyone else thought it was harder.
my thursday is already over. well, not really, i have a good amount of homework, but it's only 10 am right now and i just finished my last class, an exam today, german. it was super easy! i took my sweet time to check over everything as i did it, and still got it done in 20 minutes! yet i was the first done by far, so that was confusing.
cb, they have a most backed option now? cool! that wasn't even a thing until ks made it so amazing! but wait, didn't that jacket one have more backers than us? whatever happened to that one?
lz, the weirdest part was when it hit my head; it was like being hit really hard in the face! my head just dropped as far as it could into the pillow and i felt like i had a concussion or something! my brain stayed awake for a while though.  it was so weird and cool!
morning kittens. so happy it's thursday...and that my manager is off today and tomorrow(party time!!!...not really, have 21 new hires to put into two different systesm - oh joy).
i can always get to this page by sorting by most backed and clicking the top link.
morning kittens!
i've had that happen before, zem! it's always so weird!
last night was one of the weirdest; i fell asleep the wrong way around! i felt my legs relax completely, and moving them was like moving through pudding. i didn't notice it was spreading and the rest of my body was falling asleep before my head until suddenly i noticed breathing was much heavier and slower! my brain took a long time to get the message, but the entire rest of my body was completely asleep long before it!
morning kittens. 48 more hours and then the weekend is here.
i just keep it open and my computer on all the time. saves alot of hassle. i only have to log back in when i restart it, and then i only have like 7 things backed, so it's easy to get to.
@lz: fair enough. @geist: ah, this page is the top visited one when i open ie, it's the first one of the icons that show recent pages.
i have this page saved as a favorite on my cell phone but not on my work computer
@gm, it's probably a difference with how the mobile site works vs the computer site. it sometimes brings me right back here, sometimes not. some of the times that it takes me to the home page, i have to enter a password again when i get back here.
@geist: i just tried clicking on any of the wedges...you can't select any of them...that is bad design right there.
@lz: i normally have to enter my password once a day. and that's when i first turn on my computer in the morning. i click the leave a comment blue button, and then it brings me right back here. then open my activity page for any updates.
i keep this tab on this page as well. the problem i have is that i have to reenter my password periodically and a lot of the time when i do, it sends me back to the ks homepage.
@geist, you could always just search exploding kittens, might save you some time... ;)
@geist: i keep this page open on one tab, and anything else ks related on their own tabs...that way i don't have to search for things.
i noticed that i can't choose "games" on the wheel anymore. i'll have to scroll all the way down to get to this page.
@zem: basically everything. your profile pic is top center, the "cheese wheel" of project types is smaller, the icons for the projects you've backed are in line with what shows on the "recommended for you" page.
seems i missed some entertainment when i was out at the luncheon....or possibly not.
what'd they change?
it would seem so! they must have been bored... ;)
looks like ks changed our profile look.
@geist, actually maybe he could bring the bad guy with him!  he'd give out the money, the bad guy would take it back... you could go on this way for years! ;) (just jokes of course)
@trinkets: i hope you bring along a sidekick with a weapon because some bad guy might end up trying to rob you.
trinkets, why not have a kickstarter to raise the funds to do just that?!
cb, the only reason i'm staying up until 2 am is because i can't fall asleep until, well, 1-1:30 mostly, not 2 am. but before last week, i went to sleep around midnight for the most part. then, being sick, i had trouble sleeping and couldn't fall asleep for typically an hour and a half. now, it's the same; i still can't fall asleep for an hour and a half after lying down. it's not like that.
if i hit the lottery, i'm going to drive around random towns and hand out money to people.  and do this while dressed as batman. i couldn't drive a batmobile because others would start to notice it andruin the fun.
i hate people. even more, i hate internet people. when i was a kid, the only trolls lived under bridges.
trinkets, me too. i remember folks in here getting upset with us for conversations. my defense was always that elan encouraged our antics because we were also helping answer questions and keeping the comments light and fun
while looking at the fidget cube, i wished i had one so i could fidget while looking.
some of the fidget cube backers are getting upset with a few of us for having conversations.  go figure!
@bakhan, after last sunday, all bets are off.  comment away.  you have my blessing.
@cb, i know i said i wouldn't comment on the fidget cube ks but i'm getting sorely tempted!  some of those "superbackers" are really getting on my nerves!
@lz, i wish all the best with your book (and i wanna copy, so hook a brother up!)! i hope it can set you up to do it full time!
trinkets, i know. i just can't do that yet. i'm 33 years too young and about 5 million dollars too poor. i'm hoping my book does well enough to put me on a path to solving one of those. i realize that the one won't do it all by itself, but if it does well enough, it will give me motivation to write other books.
there's also another saying i saw regarding not wanting to adult, and becoming a dragon instead. i think i would prefer that actually.
oh man! how awesome would a pillow fort be right now!?
adulting sucks! i want to be in my pillow fort!
i've decided that i'm winning the lotto max (60 million) this weekend.  i'm tired of adulting!
the word you are looking for lz is retirement.
can it just be the weekend now... ... ... ...and forever, please?
morning kittens. sorry i haven't been very talkative. tons of work and i'm still very new. still trying to learn the system. yay trinkets! free food is the (most of the time) the tasty-est
free lunch is the best! !
of course. i get a free lunch today because the cpa(canadian payroll association, not the accounting association) is having their semi-annual luncheon, that counts two hours towards my continuing education hours(need 14 hours per year, and includes webinars, seminars, and these luncheons...think i need 2-3 hours after today).
morning gm, hope you're feeling better!
morning kittens.
morning kittens!
@zem, if your body is used to staying up until 2am, it's not going to change just because you're in bed.  you may have your days and nights mixed up.
i know i'd have the majority of votes on the "sleep day" platform alone, not to mention just by not being clinton or trump. by these powers combined, backed by the all-powerful kitten corps lurking in the wings, we can make america great again by getting more sleep! ` really, though, i went to bed early last night even, but i still couldn't sleep until almost 2 am anyways! it's just getting really annoying now. i miss getting enough sleep.
*love not live
viticulture is the worker placement game we have been playing the crap out of recently.  my buddy got scythe on ks and we live that game, so he decided to check out the guys other games. viticulture and euphoria iirc. we can't stop playing viticulture. never thought a wine making game would be fun, but it may be my second favorite worker placement game behind caverna.
you run for president, zem.
low. fantastic game. one of the first worker placement games we played, alien frontiers was the other.  i wish we played it more. my buddy went from having mostly talisman, descent, zombicide, 7 wonders, ticket to ride to a huge collection of games. probably 30%+ is worker placement. stone age, caverna, af,low, tzolkin, and about 10 others i am drawing a blank on.
a vacation day every month for a 3-day weekend called a "sleep day" is the best idea i've had all month. how do you go about implementing that?
my gaming club met tonight.  i got to play lords of waterdeep.  wish i had brought my coins, but it's the best i have felt for days.
sorry, cb, that's rough. i can only imagine how that feels.
we lost the game again today. no surprise there, really. our opponents today were the best we've played against. they got 3 home runs. the good news is i actually got one of them out. i play the catcher, so i don't get that many opportunities (most rumners cross the plate before the ball is even headed in my general direction). the guy grazed the ball, knocking it high and slow behind him and into my waiting glove. the other good news is that i found my scrivener registry information so i could get it installed on the new laptop.
oh, god these chips are awesome! i'm almost dizzy right now because i just keep breathing out over the spice! it's fun.
i find it adorable that they think it will only take 2 months to go from kickstarter to delivering tens of thousands of fidget cubes.
zem, too bad you don't have a fidget cube.
wow... we were supposed to get concept questions for the next chapter of p-chem today, but he never sent them out, and now i have so much time i don't know whether to play a game or watch some of the playthrough of undertale i'm watching, and that's hour episodes!
cb, good to know you got the allusion. there was a reason i made the simile, referencing religion and science as two warring tribes that somehow mutually exclude eachother.
haha, bakhan, guess who we spent about half of history of rock lecture yesterday talking about? and which class i just took an exam for?
@trinkets, thanks.  yesterday was an all-around bad day for me.  it would have been our 24th anniversary and i was still reeling from the troll attack.  nobody could go through that and say truthfully that it didn't bother him. i'm doing better today.  even getting some work done.
@zem, the montagues and the capulets are the two dueling families in shakespeare's "romeo and juliet."
@lz, i'm sure you could! i haven't played thrash metal in a long time (going on 8 years now) but i can still throw down on misirlou by dick dale, so i think i can still shred... ;) probably not for very long though... ;)
@trinkets, good / bad to hear! ;) good, because i want to know it plays well, bad because now that i know it plays well, i'll have to see in person... well christmas is coming! ;) haven't played descent or mansions of madness.  both have intregued me though.  right now my group is still loving z:bp so maybe one day... ;)
work calls. later
anyone with an opinion has the internet.
i can shred paper. :-p   i should dust the ol' axe off again. been a few months since i played.
cb, so am i, but apparently there's some rule in place that says they're like the montagues and the capulets. i've never heard of it, but apparently anyone else with an opinion on the internet has.
hey, cb. don't worry about whatever idiots are doing. let them have miserable lives and enjoy yours!!
well, another busy day. good afternoon, all! @bakhan,  love, love, llloooovveee imperial assault. if you have every played descent, it's descent, tweaked a little. and it's stat wars. i am the empire and the 2 guys who i play it with are rebel scum. they take 2 characters each. it's a blast. it's a little in favor of the empire, but isn't star wars?  the key for the rebels is to not waste actions. when we would play descent, i was one of the good guys. i was able to keep everyone focused on the task in hand and not worry about killing that last monster for no reason. but without my guidence, the rebels are doomed!!!!  fantasy flight announced they will do an app just like the one for descent and mansions of madness. that will be amazing. we really like the mansions of madness app.
i really should pick up my guitar again. it's been a while. i wonder if i can still shred it. i kind of doubt it, but i know i could get back to where i was.
@zem, its not building anything, its a price on insulation, he tried to tell me i was going to sell it @ $2 less per sheet than i had quoted him.  that much running around and i'm not supposed to make money? i don't think so.  also, when i design something, much like an engineer, i'm responsible for it.  if it is installed the way i've prescribed and it fails, its on me.  thats  why i wouldn't "build it their way", the reason they came to me was my certification and my expertise, if they want someone who will stamp anything, theres other shops in town.  theres also a reason i'm always busy.
@cb, i'm sorry you feel that way!  my personal opinion is that lack of use (i can't imagine you've much felt like singing in a while) and not being "yourself" has a lot to do with your voice right now.  depression is a sickness, and it has physical effects on your body.  when you start to feel better (which will happen in its own time) i bet your voice comes back.  don't be down on yourself, theres enough people in the world that will fill that role for you!  as far as high notes, man, bass is where its at anyways (says the highly unbiased bass player >.>)!
hi trinkets, if you're still around.  i went to bed depressed last night, so i wasn't up when you checked in.  maybe next time.
@zem, i have to agree about arguments between religion and science.  trouble is, i'm a bit of a religious person who loves exploring science. what to do?
bakhan, you *could* go build it their way, just to prove a point, but then again we know where the blame would go when they found out how faulty it is. ;)
wow, i missed a lot of good comments while i was away.  @bakhan, thanks for the kind suggestions, but i am getting to the point where my own musical abilities are on the downswing, especially where it concerns my voice.  i can't reach the high notes any more, and everyone wants the high notes.  nobody cares about a solid bass voice any more.
@gm, i think that some people are just jerks, that are used to pushing others around to get their own way.  i put way too much effort into what i do, to have someone tell me what its worth and try to bull their way through.
@bakhan: it seems like when kids go back to school, people becoming more and more filled with bs that spills out.
what is it with this day! i'm trying to be positive, i'm trying to be hopeful, but i'm so sick of dealing with bs! i had to tell a customer to go pound sand today, after spending well over 5 hours of time dealing with him over the last couple of weeks, for one product on a one time order.  then he came back to me and tried to dictate terms... i don't think so!
hooray for the imminent return of cognizant lz! i know how you feel, and i want for you to be able to wake up later as well!
nevermind, no more complaining about walking through the rain. one of my roommates is in marching band and had to march in it for an hour and a half this morning! the worst is when you go somewhere dry and your shirt evaporates! he's so cold right now.
@geist: tell me about it. i just got a call from one of our driver's wives...apparently they still haven't received the pay check that was supposed to be already mailed...she was yelling at me like it was my fault that the mail service was going super slow.
@bakhan, i will be. i only have to do this on thursday and friday. my opener comes back on monday.
fret not kittens! things will get better, or else! ;) @lz, hopefully, you'll be off early morning doody soon! @geist, yikes, i hope it works itself out!  sometimes, you can find opportunities in the worst situations!  show 'em what you're made of!
i love walking into a shit storm. especially when none of it is my fault.
ugh! i feel like a zombie. these early mornings are getting to me.
@gm, good morning sir!
morning kittens.
i should have known that's what i get for staying up late proving that science and religion aren't mutually exclusive: abuse, non-logic, and more abuse. good for me. now to trudge back through the rain, go to one class, trudge back, and try not to die before my third class and exam today.
@zem, you had better dress against it, or you'll be sick for ever!  just buckle down and get those exams done, you know you can do it! so do it!
oh boy, rain. and i get to walk back and forth all day in it! oh boy! ` what's that? 2 exams and less than 6 hours of sleep? where do i sign?!
morning geist!
@cb, not sure if its your thing, but why not check out some of you local open mic nights, etc? the best way to find other people that play in my opinion, is to get out and play! ;)
morning kittens
@trinkets, how is imperial assault?  i've been sorely tempted for a long time, but my funds keep getting redirected to ks... >.> i am a pretty big starwars fan, and the look of the game is fantastic, does it play well?
@cb, it is a lot of work to find people that are like minded and like actioned (not sure if thats a word).  i read a really good article once and the jist was that people that excel can't work with people that don't.  i think that may be your issue (not that thats a bad thing).  its hard to be a part of something and not want it to succeed, and also not get mad at those that are preventing its success (failing to practice, not skilled, etc.)  i always knew there was no future with this version of the band.  our guitar player (the one who went psycho) has ms, and its only getting worse, his abilities are decaying (its hard to watch, and i'm sure harder to experience first hand) so we've all been kind of hanging in there waiting for him to call it quits, i just never expected it to go down the way it did.  its ok, in the end it just sped up our time table i guess.  now we can move ahead, get a new guitarist and start moving on.  "every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end"
good morning kittens!
yep. i'm out as well
howdy! goodnight! (drive-by zem)
fantastic geist, how about yourself?
howdy trinkets! how have you been?
i tend to wander aimlessly if i'm standing when i take a phone call as well.
phone calls! that's when i'm going to need the fidget cube most! if i'm standing, i just keep walking full-speed around the entirety of whatever small space i have, and if i'm sitting, i drive myself crazy by not being able to do anything! i don't know what it is about them, but every time!
well, here i sit,  all alone. just me prepping my imperial assault figures to paint, listening to cealed kasket's penetration album.  maybe tomorrow will be slower at work and i can chat more durring the day.
zem, ghost pepper chips?!!!!  must.....get.....them!!!!
wow. lots to catch up on today. good evening all.   howdy again, cb. ok, bakhan,  tshirt = :-d.  band = :-(
@bakhan, that has happened to me like three times in my life.  musical groups that get along for years and then suddenly disintegrate.  i'm usually the guilty party too.  i take my music too seriously and i sometimes have a hard time holding my tongue when someone else doesn't want to put in the time to practice. at this time, i am purely a solo artist. a lonely solo artist.
you're lucky it went that way in time, gm. my uncle goes on missionary trips occasionally to madagascar (both my parents went with him on separate ones), and one time at that side of my family's christmas party, he got a slightly urgent text message from a year and a half and 10,000 miles away. i think it must've been delivered by foot.
well...that was interesting. i just got an email that had the time of arrival as 3:42...looked down at my computers clock, it was 3:41...damn time traveling email!
@bakhan: the only association we have with atk, is that our chairman of the board is friends with the guy who owned atk...well, before most of the management positions got given to the atk guys. our calgary terminal manager was given the option of taking a cut that was almost equal to my annual salary, or leaving. he, not so politely, told them he quits.
well its officially fall in alberta.  just got a frost advisory... t_t
@gm, you should definitely be sharpening up your resume and getting it out there, and thats just based on what you were talking about a couple of weeks ago!  that said, its not unheard of for companies to ditch their less profitable off shoots (not core business) during a recession.
that was like 8-9 years ago too. so long since i've had contact with any of them(aside from phil). ` also just learned that the company i'm with now is known as atk on the streets...atk trucking went belly up not too long ago...that is not reassuring, and definitely won't help us get business.
@gm, sounds like a real winner! yeah, you're better off not having people like that around, for sure!
@lz, thanks man, i was really hoping to keep the band alive until after our halloween party, but c'est la vie i guess.  what will probably wind up happening now is some open mic night style jamming for a bit.  so if you know any tunes you want to jam out let me know which instrument and i'll pick up the other (bass or guitar)!
@bakhan: and to top it off...it took him about 6-7months to learn the pizza line at boston pizza...even with a giant 5'x4' board with all the pizzas on it with what their ingredients + weights for each ingredient was right above it....and it wasn't even the entire thing that he learned.
bakhan, that sucks. i'd join your band if it wasn't almost a 12 hour drive to get to your house.
@zem, that was so typically me!  its always a mixed bag, but i do try to focus on the good, i swear!
yay!  no. wait... gah, bakhan, make up your mind if you're having good or bad news!
@gm, yikes, theres dumb and then theres really dumb.  stealing, dumb, stealing infront of a camera, really dumb!  not only that but i can't abide two things, one a liar, i have no time for that, and two, a thief, get your own stuff, legally! ;)
@bakhan: well, that sucks about the band. i was never part of a band, but was part of a paintball team once. phil was part of the team too. we ended up quitting because we couldn't trust one of the guys(he tried stealing from me, and vehemently denied it when caught, though there was a security camera watching where he tried to do it...and it was at work - we all worked together at this point)
oh, i forgot my big news items! i got home on friday to discover my kitten corps t-shirt had arrived! it is awesome!  it fits a little bit tight, but i'm hoping to lose a couple of pounds before the north bound kittens arrive (i'm running out of time!). ;) second news item, my band broke up over the weekend in a flurry of drama that could only come from musicians... a little thing became a huge thing, and then that had repercusions.  sigh.  what i wouldn't give to find a group of musicians that could actually just talk to each other.  ;)
@bakhan: very true. i should have known better since i tend to need to correct/remind every now and then...sometimes the same day.
@zem, i tried signing up for google fiber when they installed my fiber jack a couple of weeks ago.  it wasn't available because they hadn't connected it yet.  i'm hoping that these huge molehills all over are a sign that signup day is just around the corner. i still wouldn't give up indoor plumbing to get fiber though.
@gm, you're 100% right, however, also wrong.  the rarest creature out in the wild, is a manager that really exemplifies what a manager should be.  i'd go into more detail, but, you never know whos looking at what i do at work... ;)
@zem, thanks.  that's a great relief to me.  they actually took the time to look through the comments and only deleted the ons that were inappropriate.  they left the rare few that were actually on topic.
@bakhan: yeah...that would help, but it was an email from hr that my manager responded to. attention to detail should be top for my manager...
@gm, well, as sad as it is, it is normal.  i usually put the most important / time sensitive information at the beginning, then like an essay, i'll go back over those points in more detail below, and then touch back on them at the end.  repetition helps! getting those important action items first also helps!
hooray, the powers of righteousness and kittens have won out again!
wow, looks like they nuked all but two of his comments! thank goodness!
you're getting google fiber?! i'd let them disconnect all of my utilities to have that!
i finally decided it was worth looking, and hey, i found the troll too! (heh, troll 2?! heehee...) you guys will like this if you haven't seen it already: ` otaku kani superbacker  about 19 hours ago this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
those chips we found in walmart, lz. paqui's, a black bag, ghost pepper chips. ` and like i said, in the short time i can taste anything, they actually taste pretty good, just like normal corn chips, almost like unflavored doritos because of the spice. i still have half the bag, too, since you can only hate yourself so much.
@cb, yeah, i wouldn't be doing nearly as well if not for the kc.  you all have helped me through some pretty tough stuff.  if friends (even internet friends) can't be understanding and supportive of each other, whats the point, right? good luck with the service upgrades!
@lz, that "serious backer comment really rubbed me the wrong way.  it was elitist in the extreme.  who's to say that just because you bear the badge, you have the right to belittle someone who's trying something out for the first time?  40,862 of the backers for the fidget cube are first time backers.  most of us who have backed a lot of projects have been welcoming to them and open to their opinions.  there's really no place for elitism in crowdfunding.
@bakhan, yeah i overreacted.  compared to yesterday's troll, my frustration with you on friday was a non-issue.  my emotions that day went from low to high to even lower.  i'm glad you're cool with it, because i discovered yesterday just how much i need you all.  today is better.  all i have to worry about is google fiber digging up the neighborhood and disconnecting my utilities one by one as they bury fiber in the ground.  piece of cake!
i love when people half read an email, send a reply, and completely miss the entire question of the email.
@geist, and she is super!  she is so nice and supportive, like a superbacker should be!
if anyone is going to be a superbacker, it would be explainetten. she has backed over 2000 projects.
@gm, physical age? immaterial.  mental age 13, because obviously he knows everything... ;)
i'm kind of curious as to his age...
that was part of cb's confusion. this guy was railing against him for not having fulfilled all the backer rewards when he didn't even have stake in the project. i was also floored by a comment he made to another backer in the fidget cube comments. he told this person that their comments don't matter because they've only backed five projects and are, therefore, not even considered a serious backer yet.
also...i looked at his previous comments, one of them was regarding cbs project...i looked, and the guy doesn't have it in his 356 projects...
oh, i see. i missed the word "current" in cb's comment.
morning kittens! i will admit, i looked at the fidget cube...only to find the troll. i finally did find him! and yeah, he has 356 projects backed.
@lz, cb's troll has 13 active ks's, he has well over 350 total.  it really doesn't matter anyways, i never asked to be "superbacker", i didn't even get a cape! ;)
where did you get the chips, again, zem? i need to make a note of it so i can try to find them.
we can't all be as crazy as me. this morning was fun. i slept through my alarm. fortunately, bellatrix happened to wake me up twenty minutes before i was supposed to be to work. so, how does one become a superbacker? cb's troll got it with only backing 13 projects. i've backed 17. not all of them got funded, but i've backed them.
@geist, sometimes love can hurt! ;) i don't want to kill myself with the hotness, but i guess i do want to try the burn... as long as they're tasty! i can handle the heat if it comes with flavour, but i don't do heat for heats sake, i'm not lz crazy... ;)
@bakhan: count me out on the chips. i love my intestine too much to subject them to that kind of punishment.
morning kittens
@zem, those chips sound intreging, but painful, but awesome, but scary, but i gotta try em! ;)
@cb, we're cool, i'm sorry if it felt like we/i were doing something to let you down, certainly not what i ever set out to do!  i was a little baffled to be honest, but sometimes things can seem differently in a text format.  honestly, i've got a ton of respect for you bro! sorry about your troll! hopefully ks can do something about him for you.  if there is one thing about ks that i've noticed over the last few years, is that the entitled backers do seem to be getting worse.  the general negative vibe has gotten worse.  thank god for the kc! the last bastion of good community minded folk!
good morning kittens!
so just today, i did 3 online homeworks for math, online homework for p-chem that took a good hour or so, a german assignment online that took a good half hour, then started on the concept questions for class tomorrow for p-chem.  i'm kind of tired, feeling much better, thankfully, but not much more energy, and after all of that (didn't do it yesterday because i was much beyond feeling good enough to do homework), i sort of faded out while reading the p-chem book. one of the times, as my eyes drifted off, i noticed the small bag of mini-donuts i bought yesterday and figured i was done with 1-dimensional boxes and would much rather move on to toroidal chocolate cakes with milk and watching something.  so yeah, i gave up on my tired, stuffed-up brain today because of donettes.
he's backing 13 current projects.  i'll bet most of them are dollar pledges.  thank goodness he didn't back ek!
after battling that situation all afternoon, this project feels like a safe haven.
sorry you have to deal with a troll cb. hopefully ks will get that guy banned.
yeah, bakhan was right.  with superbackers like otaku, it is a badge of shame.
he was pulling the superbacker card on... another superbacker? yeah, total seniority there.
it appeared that everyone tried hard, but he made it impossible. he seemed to think that he was entitled to be an insufferable prick because he's a superbacker.
i would have loved to discuss it with him on my own project, but he insisted on annoying the backers of the other project, so i tried hard not to engage him.
really? well, i hope kickstarter notices a trend about that guy real quick. couldn't just ask once and be done with it?
cb, i saw some of that. it was way worse than poz ever got on this project.
man, i had a troll go after me for hours on a project i'm backing trying to shame me into working faster to fulfill rewards on my own campaign!  it got so bad about half of the other commenters reported them to kickstarter along with me.
@geist, i guess i didn't understand what you meant when you said, "this is the position that will make it possible for me to hang out with bakhan and his wife when they visit florida next year."  i thought they were visiting you in florida.
@cb: florida?! i visited florida this year but i don't live there. i live near d.c. the weather right now is wonderful. 85 degrees with a slight breeze.
cb, just as i thought i was getting better, i got much worse last night, so though i'm supposed to go to a family event today, i'm staying home as well. which is all the better because i wanted to start on that work last night as i said, but couldn't because i was sick.
new year, adams morgan day?  i thought you lived in florida. :-\
morning @geist.  hello kittens.  i'm being lazy and staying home today.
@cb: after the movie i went grocery shopping & then home. trying to get my place in order before the new year. in a couple of hours the adams morgan day festival will start. i'll be hanging out there for a few hours before heading back home to get ready for another work week.
yeah... good... i'll wait to call any days after i was maybe 10 the good old days until i retire. those seem like really good days to me! dang, i'll be one lazy sob! ;) but yeah, they are good. except the school part. they're just good days.
ah, good old school days.  :-)
i'm all by myself, and so far have been doing internet things, but now have to take a shit/shower/shave as well as do as much homework before bed so i can wake up early for an event i forgot about and wish i could miss out on, especially because i have at least one assignment for each class, all of which take at least half an hour, one of which won't even be assigned until mid-tomorrow, and i'll only have tomorrow night to do what's left.
everyone must be having a way better saturday night than i am.  i'm all alone by myself on kickstarter.
that's the way a good heat works.  it starts out hot, then gradually turns up the heat.  the euphoria comes after you push through the pain.
a little, yeah
dif ur fone det grunk? (sure sounds like your phone got drunk)
and i'm all for bringing tgem to kitten con
that's ghost pepper for you. for whatever reason, ghost peppers haveva slow burn
the fun part is that just one makes me start to sweat, even if it's not actually that horrible! man, we'll have to bring some of these up to kitten con for everyone to try them!
i want more bland for some reason, but if i'm in a good mood, more extreme is all the better. these chips, though, are crazy! they don't hurt at first, no more than normal spicy for americans, but then after several seconds, everywhere that you could feel the spice before slowly explodes into hatred for all things human! one isn't bad, but after a few you start to regret some major life decisions. ;) you'd almost certainly like these!
see, i get more in the mood for spicy when i have a cold
you can probably find them at walmart, lz. paqui brand haunted ghost pepper, a black bag. they're actually pretty good tasting, like normal corn tortilla chips, but the spice just lingers there forever and just gets worse with time! i love them, only wish i were more in a state to be in the mood for spicy.
i want those, zem! it's free day at the museum of natural history. my social anxiety and auditory hypersensitivity is going crazy.
i have some ghost pepper chips if anyone wants to try them. you remember doritos roulette? it's like that, but much, much spicier! if i wanted spicy, i'd love them, but when i opened them, i only had 5 over a full movie, and a cup and a half of milk with them! but then i felt too sick and now i don't want anything spicy, which is sad to me because they're actually pretty good.
ooh, chili verde, one of my faves.
it's their version of chile verde. it sounds delish.
wait. zombie snot? eww
is it wrong to go see a horror movie on saturday morning? nah. not when the theater is giving me a free large soda & popcorn for my birthday along with a  $1.35 movie ticket.
great news! hellfire is sending me the missing bottle of zombie snot!
ooh, creeper, you should upload a video of them playing! that'd be so cool! ` lz, i slept until about 10 today, then again until noon. that felt so good! finally caught up on sleep, it's beautiful outside (even if i'm too sick to usher at the game today), and for the first time in over a week and a half, i finally don't feel worse than i did yesterday! i was hoping yesterday was the peak sickness, and it seems i was right! hopefully. it was bad, so i really hope it doesn't get worse.
when your body thinks sleeping until 8 is sleeping in
of the three, i definitely like the ruby one best.  it's much easier to get a really long spin than the other two.  i have a special concave cosmetic mirror to spin it on.  the glass surface offers minimal resistance to spin and the concave shape allows the top to self center into one spot.  during a spin, the top appears motionless for several minutes before it winds down.
i found my top, the one with the ruby tip.  now i'm up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep.  looks like it's going to be a long day.
meanwhile leo is regal af...  and he had a new puppy roommate!  my roommate brought in a dog- mavis davis the shorkie. they are about the same size and age, already playing together.  :)
i'm here i'm here!  and yay cappuccino!!!! i need to try to login to the litter box to see pics! and maaaan- you guys there are so many kittens in my backyard.  it's been a rough summer...  lost two of them, sweet little angels.  but three from one litter are thriving, i nursed one back to his mother- she took him back, and i just found two more little nuggets. i also had to jump a fence (this is a privacy fence- not easy) to save a newborn kitten who was stuck. it is most definitely the summer of kittens!
the elusive creeper creeps back to her creep, soon to creep on us creeps once again.
gaah! i missed creeper again! she's so elusive
and ... she"s gone again.  :-(
creeper! no time long see! or something like that. leo is one?! aaw, you need to put up a picture of him!
he's 13 weeks today.
i got a puppy.  name is cappuccino.
hi, @creeper.  missed you.
i am having a birthday party for him.  hehehehe. we haven't registered... but he loves feather wand toys and catnip.  does not care for jingly balls.
also- if you can believe it- leonidas turns one on the 23rd!  (at least that's when i'm saying it's his birthday since that's the day he found me).
sorry i've been so absent.  have been working, baking, started volunteering at aspca - where i can finally put my passion for homeless kitties to good use! and working with a photographer friend who is taking super amazing shots of all my work....   i am so tired! i miss y'all and wish i could spend more time here!
hiiiiiii my loves
yup. definitely a fever, almost for sure, though i don't have a thermometer. that and if i move i feel like i'm going to get a workout running to the bathroom... dang it, i think this morphed into a flu. that's no better than the extremely annoying cold i had for a week and a half! if i do throw up, i may even be inclined to say it's worse!
yeah, that does suck.
@lz, at least your package came.  i have a package that was supposed to arrive today and it still says, "shipment information sent to fedex." so give the actual package to fedex already!
@zem, i hope it's not pneumonia.  that's what diane had last april.
and then, i discovered that the package that came from hellfire hot sauce was missing the bottle of zombie snot that i ordered! *grumble grumble groan*
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh... i thought i was sick before, but right now i'm being mugged by something. some disease really has it in for me. pretty sure a fever and feeling like twice the volume of crap for sure. a week and a half, and i just feel worse every day! great timing, though; weekend, here i come! to bed!
indeed, they do tend to be.
aren't most opinionated people loud?
weirder and weirder ... i have an iphone 6 plus with a safari browser and a macbook pro, also with a safari browser.
ugh! i hate it when i come home from work to find that my wife's loud, opinionated friend is visiting. it wreaks havoc on my social anxiety. it doesn't help that the kids (both hers and mine) don't want to go outside and think that having fun means screaming and beating up on each other. i have a headache...
that is weird. she's sideways on my phone.
that is weird.  she loads fine on my phone.  she's only sideways on my computer.
yeah, i don't know why it did that. the picture is upright in everything else i've uploaded it to.
please don't hold me to my promise never to mention another kickstarter.  i don't think it's possible to keep that promise.
and bellatrix is a very cute kitty, but a little sideways.
i wasn't offended, cb. also, i think my phone almost blew up from the cuteness overload that is having a photo of capuccino right next to a photo of bellatrix! capuccino is a very cute puppy!
and on another positive note, i put a photo of cappuccino in the litter box.
honestly cb, i didn't know that you had offended anyone at all. nope. i don't see it.
huh? what? what happened? let's hug it out. so said the ghost kitten.
yes, let's mend it.  i apologize for offending everyone.  please forgive me.
and to get things going in a happy direction: friday! amiright?! so glad it's here! i just wish saturday and sunday each lasted for two or three days ;-)
oh, wow! i go to a meeting and things get heavy. umm. if i contributed to your disappointment, cb, i apologize. yes, let's mend it. i hate it when people argue in here. i mean, i know it happens, but we're all friends here. we can definitely make things right.
is this how it ends, or can we mend this somehow?  right now it feels like my heart's been ripped out.
and i won't mention other kickstarter projects here ever again, even in passing.  you can all find your own campaigns to back.
well, i certainly didn't want to upset anyone, i was just trying to have some fun.  i'll leave it alone.  you won't need to worry about me commenting over there anymore.  sorry all about it.
let's remember how we pulled together for ek and treat other projects with compassion.
this is directly from the kittencorps site.  i could make up a similar list for fidget cube: repeated requests in comments lower postage rate requests 1,000,021 and counting update requests 500,487 and counting stretch goal requests 590,556 and counting eu friendly requests 500,223 like the facebook page and subscribe to the twitter feed 120,017
remember when ek was dunding? we kept a running count of repeatedly asked questions, but we tried our best to treat those people with compassion.  that's what i loved about the kitten corps.
and you're right.  people don't look at the faq.  a good 50% or more of my answers to people has been taken directly out of the faq.  it's just that there are a lot of people on that project who are totally new to kickstarter.  you can tell that by how many of them keep asking why the pledge manager didn't ask for their shipping address.
my bad too.  i can't say that i didn't egg you on a little with my suggestion about a uranium cube.
@cb, my bad, i certainly wouldn't expect people to look for the faq section on their own or anything.  i especially wouldn't expect other commentors to offer answers either... ;)
what's funny here might not be perceived as funny on other projects.
@bakhan, dead serious!  what you did over there looks like a deliberate attempt to disrupt the normal give and take of questions and answers.
@cb, not sure if serious or joking?
well, thanks a lot for screwing up a perfectly good campaign.  i'm sorry that i mentioned it to any of you.
zem, can you tone it down a bit over there? you're scaring the n00bs.
oh wait, this is supposed to have little widgets on it, isn't it? shoot, um... just put a little stick or something on one side. i don't know how you'll get it rooted into the cube, but it'll give 'em something to play with. they'd complain either way.
the million dollar cube! we have the technology... ;)
oh that's too easy. you can do that without it even being dangerous! but yeah, uranium core for weight, lead to stop radiation, and asbestos outside! we've devised the perfect cube!
@lz, if it's shock value that you want, suggest that the heavier cube be made out of uranium.  i dare you!
ooh, i like that idea!
@lz, it's not too late.
@lz, you totally should have! that would have been too funny!
i'm saying that because of how that josh fellow reacted to my lead comment. i almost suggested an asbestos shell to protect the whole thing from fire. mwahahahaaaahaaaaaa!
i was neutral and now look at me, the pied piper of ek.
@cb, it was pirates! got to be pirates! maybe they left you a treasure map! bonus weekend activity for you!
@lz, not for a second! *points two fingers at my eyes, then at lz*
i think certain people may have forgotten that i was one of the villains.
one of my tops is missing!  it's the one with the ruby.  i'll have to search for it later.
i mean, you've heard of a deafening silence? that's what this rain was! i could seriously hear the absence of rain it stopped so fast!
and god said, "let there be no more rain in this area", and it stopped virtually instantly. from 60 to 0 in less time than a semi would take to stop a motorcycle. wow. i've lived here my whole life and i'm still not used to nebraska weather...
@geist, we are part of the dvc! disney vacation club, its like a time share.  the last time we went down with our friend mike, we got a condo basically.  it had a full kitchen, living room, dining area, outdoor patio area, master bedroom suite with a jetted tub, and a room with two double beds and its own full bathroom.  it even had a washer and dryer!  the living room has a double hide-a-bed and a chair that flips out into a single.  pretty sweet if you ask me!
it is funny, though, watching all the soaked people outside screaming and running around! especially when they need to cross the street in front of my window, which is currently functioning as two rivers too wide to jump across.
@bakhan: you have a house in florida that sleeps 5?
nice. thanks, rain, for waiting just until i was getting my food to downpour! i guess i got in just before the worst of it (torrential right now), but jeez!
holy crap! just like the good 'ol days; a page and a half of comments i missed in just a few hours! you guys have been busy! well, i hope you didn't have any secret plans you buried in there that you didn't want me to know about, so you buried them under dozens of comments because i can't read all that, but nice to see it all! cb must be the life of the party that left!
@geist, yep, and if we get the same set up we had before down there, we have room to comfortably sleep 5 people, no problems!
@gm, do it! i find its a great distracter!
@cb, yep, it was the billet spin.  its a real favorite with my customers!  my boss has a spin time on that one of over 11 minutes! the other two top projects i've backed haven't delivered yet.  one of them sent me tracking info today (that doesn't work, yet, i'm hopefull though) and the other i think was a scam... oh well.  i did look at that ruby one while it was live, but a guy can't get everything... >.>
it would be so cool if gm could come to florida too. it would be like a second kitten con.
i decided on the two cube level. it just made more sense
speaking of the billet spin...i need to bring it in for myself to be mesmerized by.
i know the billet spin was someone's fault from here!
@bakhan, was that forever spin?  that actually turned out to be my least favorite of the three.  the other two rave ruby and carbide tips,
@cb, come to think of it, i think my first top was your fault too! ;)
@bakhan, i have three tops, all ks rewards, but i rarely pull them out any more.  i'll probably begin spinning them again now due to the power of suggestion.  it works both ways, you know.
@cb, its been good to see you here again! i'm glad you stopped by!
i really cane here today because i was bored, but this is so much fun!
come on, @gm ... you know you want it ... :-)
@gm, save yourself!  cb comes back and stirs it up, and we all wind up with fidget cubes! ;)
i'm not even looking at the fidget cube because i know i will probably cave!
@geist, i have a top at work (my customers love it!) that i use for the same reason as the fidget cube, i need to distract my mind, temporarily, to get it to work better, faster, etc.  if i get stuck on a thought, it just goes round and round, without resolving itself.  if i distract myself, even for a few seconds, bam, theres the answer.  i don't know why it works, but it does.
@cb, okay damnit! i caved and got the fidget cube!  i need to take my figetting to the next level! ;)
@geist, guilty on both charges!  i'm so hooked on pokemon go that i look for opportunities to walk at the mall, lol.
florida is driving distance from charlotte.
@geist: and me!....if i can get enough saved up without compromising my purchasing of a house in the near future.
i don't get the appeal of the fidget cube. then again, i don't get the appeal of pokémon go.
@cb: i echo what bakhan said. i just got started at this new job and i don't want to give them any reason to fire me. this is the position that will make it possible for me to hang out with bakhan and his wife when they visit florida next year.
@lz, hee hee.  it's all part of my plan for world domination.
geist, certainly!
cb, you sneaky sneak! i neeed that cube!
@lz: put me down for a book too!
@cb, lol! i'm just trying to actually do what i'm getting paid for, as well as keep up with the comments! ;)
@cb: sorry, been busy with phone calls, emails, my manager asking me for stuff that was in her email box for over a week, and follow ups on stuff that i never received.
crap, i hate it when one of my comments stays on top for too long.  it always makes me feel like i just bored everyone to death, kind of like during an awkward pause in a conversation.
we had one person who posted on "that other campaign" whining about how successful it was while his own campaign, which sucked, couldn't get funding.  he thought that his campaign had a nobler purpose, employing third-workd workers, and that people should pledge for his project for that reason.
@cb, well i've set a reminder... i'm almost certain to back it now... revenge achieved! ;)
@bakhan, consider it payback for the ultra coins campaign.  :-)
@cb, lol! ;) i'm a salesman, i know how these things work! ;) i still get suckered in on the regular though. tbh, i haven't been able to stop thinking of that damned fidget cube since you showed it to me! as per trump = cheeto... its the spray tan! and well, trump... ;)
what's all of this trump-eetoh stuff about?  did i miss a photo?
cb, will do!
dang!  @bakhan saw through my ruse!
@lz, put me on the mailing list for when it gets published.  i love a good story.
nm, i just cut and pasted it over there.
@cb, yeah, i can see that working... just pledge a buck, what the hell.  next thing you know, five fidget cubes will be showing up at my door! ;)
cb, it's about the trouble a demon prince causes while he's oblivious to the secret society of necromancers learning that their legendary artifacts are actually real. the necromancers are starting to work on gathering the artifacts, and their enemies prepare to stop them, completely unaware of the presence of the demon prince. it's the first part of a trilogy.
@bakhan, you should pledge $! just so that you can add these little gems to the comments over there!
@geist, lol, i think you were thinking of pot! ;)
man, my typerator is busted today!  i meant play, not plan.
@geist, i live in an apartment.  i have to keep cappuccino in a pen most of the day to avoid accidents, but i let him out frequently to plan and to go outside.
@lz, its a huge cheeto! huge!
@cb, timed fidget! how fast can you fidget with each side? ie: push each button, flip each switch once, spin each gear, etc. you could turn it into the ultimate useless sport! i'd actually watch that! ;)
geist, you know, the creature made of a giant cheeto and rectal tissue with a rat nest on its head that's running for president
@lz, what's the book about?  i'm too lazy to scroll down.
@cb: is the house finished?
@bakhan, wrong thread, but ... fidget dodge ball!
i could see how trump looks like a cheeto! ;) lol! nice spray tan, i see you've gone for the full cheeto!
@lz, well the canadian health care system has to be good for something! ;)  in reality though, many people that truely need help just wind up on the streets.  the reality is, mental health makes people uncomfortable, and rather than deal with it, they would rather turn a blind eye, and a closed wallet.  its sad really, before dating my wife, i had no idea how bad it truely was.  most of her patients are only covered to a max of six visits, how the hell are you supposed to help people in six visits?  yet my wife persevers and does her best for them, believe it or not, she has more "wins" than "loses".
cheeto wining?
@cb, its all true!  the more active the community, the better the ks does generally.  i don't know why  but when i read " bouncing ideas off of each other" i imagined a room full of people holding those red rubber balls and writing their ideas on them and then throwing them at each other dodge ball style. ;)  pooong! (the sound those red rubber balls make when they hit somebody) ;)
bakhan, it is, indeed! i hope to have it published by the end of the year
... favorite projects. i thought i had durned autocorrect off.
another plus side of being committed is that they'll keep you there for as long as it takes. no need to worry about a visa! it's the perfect plan for if the giant cheeto wins!
@lz, good morning sir!  congrats on your book! thats got to be exciting!
my favorite problems are the ones with an active backer community in the comments section.  i just love bouncing ideas off of each other.  i seek out projects like that.  it's always sad to see a project where nobody comments about anything.  it's those projects that often don't even reach their funding goal.
good morning, all! i'm so glad it's friday. just one more week of this getting up at 5 business! the editor has finally gotten around to working on my book! she thinks she'll be done with it by tomorrow!
@geist, i'm sure the beds are relatively comfy, you could always upgrade to the high ops padded room, just for more options... i hear the meds are pretty sweet too! ;)
@cb, oh i agree, the vast majority of the things that i've backed, i have gotten, and of those the vast majority were great, and exactly what they advertised.  i'm waiting on a few that are over two years late, with very lack luster updates, and generally poor communication.  i have one for two cryptex style puzzle boxes with cases, that is almost 2.5 years over due and the updates come around every couple of months, with barely any information, except that if we want refunds, they are available.  i've been trying my best to be positive and encouraging, i even offered to wave the holding boxes for the cryptex's if that would have made it easier for him, but he doesn't even respond.  that is just one example.  i have another that is gleefully selling the product at retail, while the majority of backers are still waiting for the majority of their pledges, this one is also well over two years late to backers.  if i add it up dollar wise its almost $3000 in outstanding ks's (that are over due).  i love the crowd funding idea, and i've met some great people on ks (the kc being the most awesome, of course), and i will almost certainly continue to back projects on ks.  i'm just being much more choosey on what i'm backing, honing in more on my core hobbys and less on the cool trinkets (which as i'm sure you can imagine is pretty hard for me!). ;)
good morning gm!
regarding ks burning us...i've got one that still has not delivered. and that was the 6th one i ever backed. sure, there are some that still haven't arrived yet, but those are still in production(visual novels, games with minis, video games, or just recently finished ones). i've stopped backing things if i feel it might be too much of a risk, and i continue to support the ones that i have had good experiences with.
@bakhan, i've been burned a few times, but not that many overall.  i still believe in the crowdfunding concept and that comes with risk.  i was even concerned with exploding kittens when the funding level blew sky high, but i stuck with it and was rewarded not just with a really cool card game, but also with an entire community of like-minded souls.
morning kittens.
@cb, i think the only thing that holds me back from spending more is how many ks's i have that are way old that still have yet to deliver.  i love to support the little companies, thats what ks was always for in my opinion, but they are the ones that have the highest risk associated with them.  i'm just tired of getting burned without so much as a thank you! ;)
mwaahaaahaaaaaaaaah!
we'll tell you no, then, cb. no!  stop it! bad cb! bad! no more kickstarters for you!
this pretty much sums up my entire past week. http://9gag.com/gag/agd2p7z though to be honest, any and all would be appreciated. ;)
it's becoming increasingly difficult to curb my spending with no one around to tell me, "no!"
@bakhan, well, there's that too, but it's such a nerdy badge of shame that i love it!
@cb, lol!  i've kind of thought of it as a badge of shame!  kinda like, this guy has way too much expendable income!  sell him trinkets! ;)
@cb, given the choice between going to see your son get married and coming up here to hang with the kittens, you made the right choice!  don't get me wrong, we'd love to have you, but your son will always remember seeing you there brimming with pride!  i wish my father would have lived long enough to see me get married, he was there in spirit though. ;)
i was able to back off ks for a while, but then they came up with this "superbacker" tag and i just had to get one!
@cb, good to see you!  congrats on your son getting married, you must be a proud papa!  that fidget cube, is crazy awesome, but, aaah, i'm trying to curb my ks addiction! damn you, i'm so tempted, its like the ultimate trinket!  also congrats on the new puppy, and good luck with a speedy house breaking! ;)
morning, bakhan
wow, zem, it looks like it's just you and me again.
good morning kittens!
i'll probably be here all day.  i'm bouncing back and forth between this and fidget cube.  i'm trying to drum up interest over there to develop a "fidget stick."
he's so cute! then again, what puppy isn't? that's awesome, cb!
i posted a pic to my facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@zem, lol!  i showed up for a telephone meeting an hour early today and wondered where everyone else was.  i hope there's not something going around.
aaw, you need to put up pictures of him to the litter box!
cb, nooooooo! though if i had to chose, i'd have made the same choice, but still, no cb!
i also have a new pupy named cappuccino.  he's adorable, but not yet house trained.
oh goodie, forgot i didn't have math on fridays, so now i woke up an hour early. oh boy, 7:30 am for nothing!
@geist, thanks.  unfortunately, the trip blew my travel budget, so i will not be able to make it to alberta this october.
congrats on your son getting married cb!
my wife could always have you "certified" that wouldn't be such a bad thing. are the beds comfy? will i get 3 meals and snacks? do the institutions have cable? then i might like a short vacation there.
zem, that sucks. it also sucks that i missed cb
i think i just realized my cold is what's keeping me from sleeping. i feel horrible and can't relax or get comfortable, and end up just lying there for an hour or two trying to sleep. that didn't happen until when i got this cold, so i'm already hating life more. it's been almost a week and a half! it should be gone by now! though i have my theory that now i have a different cold since some symptoms are different. which would be nice because the first one was horrible.
that's awesome, cb! also...
@zem, if you do pledge on the other ks, please leave a comment to say hi.
zem, i've been doing ok.  my youngest son got married this summer and i was able to be there.
speaking of kites, here's the greatest kite ever!  http://9gag.com/gag/a0j1ywo
cb, you should have mentioned that one here! you may have, but then i wasn't here to check it out because i'd've gotten that in a heartbeat! wait, can you still?... 41 days to go? that thing seems perfect for me! just when i'm sitting watching a video or doing homework, that'd be perfect for me.
cb! how ya been?! nice to see you again.
i've had sleep apnea for years.  it can be diagnosed if you have a sleep study.  definitely the first thing you want to have done for any type of sleeping problem.
howdy, kittens.  lately, i've been camping out on the fidget cube campaign.  that one passed $1 million in just a week.
but yeah, this annoying cold somehow just gets worse every day. it's really uncomfortable the entire time i'm awake. painful, really. i really hate colds, especially when they're the worst ones like this. someone just put me out of my misery now, please.
no, bakhan, i know all about that. my dad's had it literally his entire life. i just woke up, stayed in bed for an hour, got up for 45 minutes, and couldn't fall back asleep after that for another 45. i don't know why, but nothing like that. also, that would kind of ruin the fun; at least 3 of us in my dorm snore! haha, i'm glad the guy who probably doesn't isn't in-between any of us! ;)
@zem, also, if its not apnea, just get some of those breath right strips, the snoring will stop right away!
@geist, lol! you might regret that when it winds up on youtube... ;)  also don't forget, my wife could always have you "certified", so theres that too. ;)
@zem, do you ever wake up with headaches, or feel more tired when you wake up?  if so, specifically because of the snoring, you may have sleep apnea, which if untreated could kill you.  i went untreated for years, and only started getting treated three years ago, when i was tested my blood oxygen when waking was less than 74% (which they normally hospitalize you for).  i was "waking" up over 50 times per night, and thus i wasn't breathing, or sleeping.  seriously, get it checked out, better to find out its not the case than to go untreated, trust me on this.
geist, way ahead of you; i'm already practicing that "i'm not associated with this lunatic" face in preparation! oh, speaking of which, i need to find out the math department's policies on moving an exam. more specifically this professor because i know my last one allowed it, and i think his makeup exams were on fridays, the day i'd need to take it.
there, hopefully those 4 hours of sleep should even out. i know they won't. some say i'm a dreamer. it'll just keep me from sleeping tonight. but it was worth it. i needed some sleep, and i just didn't set my alarm so i got as much as possible. ` on another plus side, i think i found out why the back of my throat is so sore whenever i wake up; i snore! sometimes really bad. which might cause it, and if so, dang that hurts. i wish i could stop more than ever now.
@bakhan: you might regret that when i overdose on maple bacon brittle and go running down the street in my underwear.
thanks geist.  i know there's only one more day left this week, but there's always next week just waiting to happen.  i can't wait till october when you guys get up here, i have a whole week off! thats right world, stick it!
awwww bakhan. i'm sorry you're having a crappy week. only one more day and then the weekend. just keep telling yourself that over and over. it's what i've been doing. sometime it helps, some time not. times like that i have to take a nip from my flask. kidding!
i've been trying like hell to be positive all week, but sh*t just keeps happening and happening, i'm so sick of it!  right now i'd like to take a kite, tie it around my neck, and go for a nice walk in a hurricane! arrggg!
now trinkets has me wanting to fly a kite. fall season is around the corner and i know that air & space museum will start selling them next month.
trinkets, next stop: battle kites!
thanks, guys! i miss flying kites!
this cold is wonderful. as in the virus; i wish it were cold outside, not this. but this entire morning, my nose was so stuffed it was running, though more like pouring at some points. now it's so dry it hurts and i sneeze randomly because my nose gets so irritated. i literally just had to sneeze mid-chew! and no, you don't want to imagine the aftermath.
@trinkets, thats awesome!  my wife and i did that a few years ago, i got a really cool looking dragon and she got tinkerbell! we haven't used them in a couple of years, but they are a ton of fun, something so free about them!  sometimes, its good to recapture that youthful spirit by re-exploring old pastimes! ;) probably why we like playing games so much!
congrats, lz!!
good morning all.  i went out and bought a couple of kites over the weekend. the wifey looked at me like i was goofy. then she reluctantly agreed to fly them with me. i couldn't get her to stop. she had sooooo much fun. i hadn't flown a kite in about 25-30 years. glad i got them.
i fully support that rash and spur-of-the-moment decision, lz. probably the best decision you made all week/month/year, and bellatrix will make it up to you, i'm sure!
glad to hear you had a good birthday, geist!!
i tried to get 9 hours of sleep and instead got 5 1/2 on top of already being sleep-deprived. not to mention the cold i've had for a week now that makes me feel like crap. now i just feel horrible. not a great start to the day.
or even then... doh!
@lz, you did a good thing, and if helping her and giving her a good home makes you feel better, than i'm all for it! you're a good man lz!
thanks, bakhan and geist! i had told myself that i wouldn't rush out and get a new one, but i couldn't take it. especially when i saw her on the local classifieds with a note that the owner had to get rid of her that day. i feared what would happen if they didn't find a home by that evening.
geist, i'm the same way, and always have been. when i would go on church youth campouts as a teenager, the leaders used to draw straws to figure out who had to wake me up. i was.... a little grumpy.
@lz, bellatrix is so cute! i've read that the best way to keep a pets memory alive, is to get another one.  someday i will get another dog, but i want to wait till i retire first, so i have more time to spend with it, train it, and be there for it.  congratulations lz!
yay for furbabies!
@lz: that was what i did a couple of weeks ago and several years ago. i can't do that now. i was never a morning person and it tends to throw my sleep pattern way off.
so, if you want to see a pic of my new furbaby, head over to the litter box.
i'm up at 5 almost every day, i should probably do something productive before i leave for work, i used to play with my dog for an hour or so, now i just get to work early.  the house is just too quiet and my wife doesn't even get up until i've been working for an hour...
good morning kittens!
geist, that there is a heaping pile of nope right there. i'm sorry you have to endure that. i don't think i could.
@lz: try getting up at 4 in the morning to trek to work by 7.
morning kittens
i'm getting reeaaalllly tired of this coming into work at 6 business
aand now i feel horrible. i go to sleep early only to wake up and not be able to even be comfortable from 1-4:30 am. thankfully i can take a good, long nap today.
this is what i get for going to sleep 2 hours early? waking up for at least 2 hours in the night?! i woke up at 1, couldn't go to sleep, and now it's 2:17. i'm just giving up and hoping i feel tired soon. should i just stay awake? i mean, i'm only 5 hours from morning... jeez, i wanted to catch up on sleep! this is the exact opposite!
all the tricks my heart just did, lz! here's them in a nutshell: "aah. haha. aaaw. aaaaaaw. aaaaaaw!" ` not the least of which seeing my old cat in the memorial one and passing by baby leo, back when he was just a lil' nugget.
check out the pics i put up on the litter box.
i would think bathing cats is only bad if you use water that's too hot or too cold or if you use a shampoo that isn't made specifically for cats. i know you have to give sphynx cats regular baths...
@bakhan: so bathing cats is bad? when one of my cats got fleas, i was able to bathe him a couple of times. he tolerated it but once the fleas left, i didn't do it again. i tried bathing his brother but he nearly took my arm off.
@gm, go man! don't let them find something else for you to do quick before you leave! ;)
@zem, i think that they did, but i'm not sure, we'll go with yes, yes they did... ;)
...took forever to get the approvals i needed...submitted payroll ~1hour late, and can finally leave to go rest. -.-
geist, that's really cool! i wish i had found that place when i went there!
is it just me or did kc change their comments to double-spaced yesterday? sure seems like it. confused me so bad last night, but i still see it, so it's definitely a change.
when my wife got her first cat, she had never had a pet before.  her first checkup at the vet she was bragging about all the things she was doing, including bathing the cat once a week.  the vet nearly lost it! needless to say, that cat get no baths unless she's stinky now. ;)
@geist: no, i value my blood where it is.
bathing minis? mini kittens? kidding!
and now i'm having email issues with one of the shared emails(receive an email, move email to appropriate folder in outlook, and poof it's disappear...look at it through office 365 portal, and it's still in the inbox...or not even there, or anywhere...but i printed it showing it exists). this day really wants me to be back in bed.
@gm, sounds good, look after yourself bro!
maybe when i get home today, i'll give some of the minis from to a bath.
@bakhan: i plan on jumping out as soon as i can today. i needed to come in to get the payroll finished(i have about 4 hours to do so) then i'm hoping my manager agrees to let me go home.
@gm, i know that you're loath to do this, but maybe take the day off and get some rest.  you don't want to keep wearing yourself down till you have no option.  fwiw, i rarely follow my own advice, but, you need to listen to what your body is telling you, what doesn't kill you, makes you weaker for the next thing... ;)
@geist, i love that song, gets stuck in my head all the time! ;)
@bakhan: not at all. woke up again with it feeling like there was bile in my throat...mouth severely watering, basically all signs that i'm about to throw up were present...didn't throw up, but feel like crap still.
lol@bakhan! you were reading my mind! i swear that song started to play in my head when i first walked into the store.
@geist, that sounds awesome! i love me a good thrift shop as well!  i'm gonna pop some tags... ;)  i'm glad that you had fun on your birthday!
bakhan, it was heaven. when i arrived in philly, i decided to take the subway to south street. when i got off at the stop, i didn't know which way to go (the subway guy told me i could walk there). a woman saw my distress and agreed to help me get to south street and show me a used bookstore that wasn't even on my list. we had a great conversation and when the bus pulled up, she got the bus driver to let me ride for a cheaper price since the subway person gave me bad information. i had no idea that she was showing me to the best thrift store i had ever seen. they have boxes outside with stuff in them that you can have for free. the building is 3 stories high and it's filled to the brim of good used stuff. books on nearly every floor plus house wares, kitchen wares, one whole floor of clothes even vintage stuff. i was in there for nearly 4 hours. this is one of the main reasons why i don't mind traveling alone. you can miss meeting new and interesting people if you travel with a partner or group. and the weather was perfect! not to hot or cold. it's as if jibbers crabst kissed me on the forehead and said "have a wonderful birthday kitten".
@gm, feeling any better today?
morning kittens. can i go back to bed now?
@geist, so how was your weekend? get in lots of shopping?
morning bakhan!
good morning kittens!
aah! that was scary. i thought i understood the true gravity of the postulates of quantum theory for a minute there! i think i just believed i did in order to bs my way through the questions for tomorrow though. though i swear one of the answers was literally word for word in the book. i mean, the question was abstract, but a passage from the book fit as an answer. and in the half hour it took me to find said sentences, i hammered a completely wrong other postulate, so then i understood that one better for the next question... is this... what learning feels like?! stop the ride! i want off!
i'm just... just... gonna leave this here. just right here.  https://www.youtube.com/watch… ... hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!! he's sure as hell down with the sickness!
whenever you wear it, just wear a creepy smile all day and tilt your head almost imperceptibly. just forcibly smile all day.
yay! one good thing about today...a shirt i ordered came in(arrived at the office in fact!!). it has a very lovely caption, that fits perfectly with my job: "after everything i've been through, i'm still smiling. not because i'm strong, but because i'm crazy. now that should make you nervous"
so sorry, lz. my condolences.
i've felt like crap for a few days now. most of the last week, i've had one of those colds that are just annoying. sore roof of my mouth, nose is either plugged or so dry i sneeze constantly, ears hurt sometimes... i hate colds, but i get one every year.
@gm, yeah that sucks man.  i hate when home owners try to tell my how hydronic heating works, and they are totally misinformed, but they treat me like i don't know what i'm talking about.  sigh.
i hate waking up feeling like crap...and knowing that it's a "work late" day. -.-
oh, that mufasa! oh no, i'm so sorry, lz! you still have a kitty, though, you said? that's good. it's the worst when people are suddenly left without any pets. i still sometimes find myself looking for marble out front or watching before i move my chair on the patio so i don't hit her.
it's okay, geist. thanks, geist and gm, for the condolences.
i'm so sorry lz. i had forgotten the name of your kitties
morning kittens. @lz: my condolences man.
thanks, bakhan
the triple kitteh beard was made up of mufasa, rafiki, and gir. the first to go was gir; cancer claimed him at the age of 9 months. earlier this year, on a cold spring day, rafiki was either hit by a car or a baseball bat. now this. i think i'm done with indoor/outdoor cats. we still have the one, but any future cats will be kept indoors.
@lz, i'm sorry man.  thats the problem with pets is that they can't tell us whats going on.  i hope you and your family are alright, sending positive vibes your way.
geist, no. my cat named mufasa. it was fairly peaceful. i think he ate something poisonous. he was fine on saturday and through most of sunday. sunday night when i brought him in, he didn't want to move. he did nothing at all yesterday, barely moving at all. it was like he had no strength all of a sudden. he passed around 5 or 5:30 this morning.
@lz, oh, sh*t, i get it now, i'm so sorry lz! poor mufasa, i hope it was peaceful. t_t
@lz, que?
moring kittens!
james earl jones has died? i surfed the web but couldn't find anything that says he has passed.
2016 has claimed another victim. the final third of the triple kitteh beard. r.i.p. mufasa
oh yeah, all the recipes there! some good ones. if you guys are having alot of trouble and just need something from the box, i can copy and paste it. like i said, i have it open all the time, so i'm never locked out.
zem, i needed to go on the litter box so i could look at my recipe for guacamole
yeah, that's the bad part of your situation; you need things from people who are currently not there and explicitly avoiding work.
high school: "oh, it's a 3-day weekend, so you have an extra day to be studying for my class, right? haha!" college: "it's a 3-day weekend, so you'll have an extra day to be studying for my class!" ... yeah, haha... studying, amirite? oh, imagine if he were being serious!... oh... you were... um... well, thanks for the extra homework, and you're technically right, but do not expect good results.
well, i should have one of the packets by tomorrow morning...hopefully...i'm supposed to be getting 5 of them here shortly(by 230pm i bet), and the last one...well...i don't even have the admin or dispatcher online right now...so they won't see the email until tomorrow. -.-
that sucks. and nobody there to help you, all the people you need stuff from are gone. that's too bad. if it's any consolation, most of my last day of the weekend here is going to be work as well. just finished my german homework, but p-chem is.... well, p-chem. you can imagine. maybe 2-3 hours of work, hopefully.
as for it being an early day...looking less and less likely.
@zem: nope, i get a different day off instead(had friday off this time). but it gets even more complicated when i am missing hire paperwork for 7 people, all of which have 40+ hours that need to be paid out...and some haven't even filled out any of it(that's the first thing i've ever had to do at a new job, get in, sit down, get handed that packet to fill out, don't start working until it's done)
well, at least it'll be a short day for you. do you get paid extra for holidays?
working the holiday is very very boring. so much waiting for people to get me stuff...and nobody to chat with throughout the day....oh well, i'm only going to be here as long as it takes to get everything i do have into the system....so by 1:30-2:00, i should be gone.
dang it, i tried to promise myself not to stay up till 4 tonight since it's technically the sunday of the weekend. in 24 hours, i'll have 3 hours to wake up. i'm going to be tired, hopefully i can sleep. i'll have to set an alarm to get too little sleep today.
wait, lz, why'd you need to get on the litter box? also, how long till sauce time? because it's 5 o'clock somewhere.
wow, sunday came faster than ever this weekend, but i get the last laugh because i have tomorrow as well! muhuahahahahahaha! this was my plan all along!
i just need to know the requirements for the password (i.e., number characters needed for it and types it requires at minimum) and what the site is for (school, e-mail, fun...) to know. i only have a few variations and a few variations of those in accordance with requirements, so i can work it back out.  thankfully, though, i have the litter box open all the time, so even when my computer has been off for a full day, it remembers me when i bring it back up. only been logged out a couple times ever, and i think i let chrome remember my password because i didn't want the hassle.
the password is the memorable phrase. mnemonics are frequently too much of a hassle
lz, i've never liked mnemonic devices. they just don't work for me. but did you remember the phrase and it helped?
geist, because driving there sucks because there are alot of drivers there and 80% of them suck and constantly have road rage, and in addition to that, all the tolls? driving wouldn't make a philly steak worth it to me, but taking a bus, even early in the morning so as to avoid later traffic of people, would definitely make jim's worthwhile! also, have another philly cheesesteak for me; i haven't had one nearly as good as from jim's since then, and i've tried hoping to find that one place. i think it's the whiz; they don't have that anywhere else, but it really works! also, the fact that you can get a cheesesteak with literally just two words there. ;)
when i saw how long it had to be, i followed the advice in an xkcd comic and created a memorable phrase.
thanks trinkets! almost there. in new jersey now. the bus is freezing cold.
philly is home to my all-time favorite band.   the dead milkmen!!!!
i would guess for a breakfast cheese steak . have fun geist!!!  philly
congrats lz! i have to reset mine. on another note: why are there so many people going to philly by bus this early in the morning?
it's just the first derivative of the soul of your firstborn raised to the power of god with respect to the illuminati. damn calculus. now i'm even making derivative jokes!
well, isn't this something?! i remember my password for the litter box!!!
hope everyone has a great weekend! i can not wait to get out of here, and start nothinging, i am so tired of everthinging!
happy weekend, everyone! and merry weekend to all, and to all a good... weekend! especially to those who have a 3-day one!
the theater thing sounds awesome! though i'm too poor and have seen blazing saddles way too many times, so if i watch it, it'll just be on my own.
@trinkets: i wish. i'd be running around philly around about now.
@trinkets, lol! not even close bro... i wish!
is it saturday yet?
spx does sound awesome.  the only con around me, is my delivery driver. :-p
@geist, okay, now that sounds awesome!
@bakhan: it's great fun! lots of independent comic vendors, authors and artist. one of my favorite vendor is keith knight. check out his strip "the knight life" or his other website "k chronicles". whenever he shows up at spx, i always gift him a bottle of good beer. www.smallpressexpo.com
@geist, what is the spx festival? it sounds interesting.  thats awesome that amc is doing that, sadly we don't have amc up here although the local movie theaters do show classic films early 10am on saturdays and tomorrow they are showing labyrinth!  how can you beat bowie in a cod piece? ;)  also, getting paid for holidays is the best!
howdy bakhan! so good to be entering into a 3 day weekend. and the best part is that i get paid for the holiday. september is my favorite month because every weekend after labor day there is a festival. i'll be volunteering at the spx festival this year. it's loads of fun and you get to meet some really creative people. on another note, did you know that amc theaters will be showing blazing saddles and charlie and the chocolate factory at select theaters this weekend? i'm going to do my best to check them both out.
@geist, i hope you have an excellent trip and an awesome b-day! you deserve it! go shop the hell out of those mom & pops! ;)
@trinkets, that sucks bro, hope it goes quickly for you!
morning kittens!
morning kittens! friday is finally here. can't wait to rush home after work and pack for my trip tomorrow
oh wow, that sucks, trinkets. i might be here to relieve some boredom, though, if you need it. i usually am, and the football game is later that day even though i have to be there 2 1/2 hours early. oh wait, i think i'll be at home saturday. nevermind, you're probably on your own. who knows though.
you lucky bastards!  i only get 2.5 days off. i have to work until noon on saturday
have a great weekend, gm! mine is a 3-day one as well, and you can bet i'll be relaxing as hard as i can!
apparently you can only return textbooks from the unl bookstore, if you bought them, during that same week, you know, when the line is over an hour long even at the very end of the week? so even though i didn't know i wouldn't need this book until this week, i can't return it because how would it make sense to return books ever?! now i'm stuck with a nice monument to the $150 i spent on a doorstop that happens to talk about the history of rock, though you really, really don't need it. oh well, i mean, it's only $150. i'm worth, what, -$50-60,000? what's another 2-pound deadweight drop in the bucket?
@gm: if you feel this is true, then my best advice is to get your resume out there now! don't do like me and wait until you get the pink slip. start job hunting and seeing what is out there. also, network. maybe a friend of yours knows someone who is hiring.
@trinkets: also for c-sox(publicly traded company) compliance.
@zem: i already have from the 27-31 booked off. so there is no troubles there. ` on that note, i am taking off since i have an optometrist appointment in ~45min, then it's home for the weekend. wooo!!! enjoy your weekend kittens!
let me get this straight gm. you're thinking that they want you to write the manual for what it is you do, so that they can lay you off, and have someone else do your job?
lz, wow, sorry! that sucks! ` gm, this is a scary time. i wonder if there's something you can do to get around whatever's going on. who knows, though, could be a promotion. could be a birthday present of making you head manager of your division or something. stay positive!  hey, speaking of positive, if you are laid off, you'll have no trouble meeting us the entire time everyone's in canada! wait, too soon? oh...
right now, i'm not really processing much since i can read through what they are saying, and see a high potential of me being laid off. i know that no matter what i do, there will be something not covered.
@gm, damn, yeah that sounds fishy for sure.  you should try putting it out to them, if they are going to end up laying you off, you should see if they would be willing to put you on contract to prepare those mauals for them?  just a thought.
and the deadline for getting that stuff added is the 16th...so might be a birthday present to me..."good work on getting all that done for us...by the way you are being laid off".
oh dear! good luck, gm!
okay, i can guarantee something is going down. my manager just told me that we need the exceptions(items i manually key every pay) added to the manual.
welp, there's no might about it. i misread my schedule. the meeting starts at 11, whereas i thought it ended at 11. i'll be here until noon.
look on the bright side though; maybe they're reviewing your work and will want you to make manuals for all of the processes in the company! i know a person who writes manuals for new analysis technology their company makes, and i know he enjoys it. he's also the only person i've ever met who would enjoy that kind of thing, so...
oh, and there is nothing about doing the journal entry after the payroll is processed, or the remittances of the 401k stuff.
gm, yikes! i say have a great weekend! if that's what awaits you on the other side of the rainbow, go relax hardcore! go do your favorite weekend relaxing things. also, good luck with that "project" they have planned. either they want to know how to do payroll as well or this is the start to an accountancy horror film.
the only manual that there is right now, is regarding running the payroll...not inputting new hires, processing adjustments, putting in the additional tax amounts, terminating employees, or running any reports. there is a lot that isn't put into a manual yet, because every time i try, someone drops a huge task on me. i've basically given up on trying to do that.
lz, you might miss mark hamill? i say take some vacation time! if there's no way to leave early, just do it! how the heck could you miss mark hamill?! especially if he's going to do his joker voice!
@gm, time to edit the maual, to have lots of "ask gm" bits in there, or just purposely obfuscate some of the language... ;)
@bakhan: because it's the big pain in the ass payroll that takes at least 2 full days of work. and we need to have it submitted by noon on wed. ` also...i just got an email that kind of scares me. the payroll manual that i've put together, the hr team wants a copy of it for a "project" they are working on....
@geist, that would be awesome!  i know my wife would kill (perhaps literally) to go to one! ;)
i would love to visit a horror convention next year. i had so much fun at the last one that was in towson maryland.
@gm, good for you!  why do you have to work monday though?  thats weird!
@lz, i'm sure as you get closer to going your excitement will tide you over!  congrats on the comic con! have fun!
salt lake comic con. a friend of mine had purchased a three day pass, and then he won a thursday pass, so he gave it to me. sucky thing is that i have to work intil 11, which is when mark hamill's panel is starting.
wait....you got tickets to comic con lz? those things are tougher to get than an honest politician.
@gm: lucky you. :-p
even worse! my opening shift employee is off for two weeks, starting today. i get to open in her stead. that means be here at 6. i wasn't able to get to sleep until about 1. then i got a call at 2 because the closing shift employee had worked late and accidentally locked her keys in the building. got back to sleep at 2:30. alarm went off at 5. i'm not sure if i'll be alive enough to enjoy comic con today....
morning kittens! only another 3.25 hours until it's my weekend(though i have to work monday...but i get tomorrow off instead!!!).
@trinkets: i wish. i plan on running around philly for my birthday this weekend.
... er sleep! and then youtube! and then fallout 3! and then, if there's time, homework! ;)
@zem, thats awesome, that'll give you lots of time to catch up on youtube comments... er, i mean study! ;)
my day ends at 10:30!
i just found out on thursdays, my first class is inconsequential, so i can skip it for an extra hour and a half of sleep! dang i wish i'd never seen that; it's just going to make me want to skip it every time, but i needed it today. but yeah, that means only one class thursdays if i do skip it!
yikes, lz. that really sucks. ` trinkets, almost! and i have a 3 day weekend!
@trinkets, good morning sir! almost buddy, almost!
@lz, it does suck, but hey, the rules are the rules.  we don't have to like them, but we do have to abide by them, or face the concequences...
good morning all. is it the weekend yet?
@geist, yes! one step closer to maple goodness! ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens
she should have known. it was announced and stressed pretty heavily when the new policy went into effect in may.
oh, yeah... that is a serious thing. did they know it was a violation, or did they not think so considering a previous employer allowed it?
at least, the way my company interprets hipaa. a previous employer didn't interpret it that way. but this company does and they have a very strict policy against it.
looking at their own patient information. it's such a simple thing, but it's a hipaa violation.
what cardinal rule that serious for such a (supposed) good employee? hopefully not photocopying their butt... that's worth execution in some places.
@lz: at least she hasn't lost her job.
nope, a different one. she broke a cardinal rule. the reprimand for this violation is warning one and only.
not the petty girl from before? that's sucks, lz.
yay, geist! that's awesome!
tfw you find out you have to reprimand one of your favorite employees, and there's nothing you can do about it.
woot woot!
good news kittens! my passport arrived in the mail today. all that is left to do is purchase the plane tickets
bakhan, i tried to leave it, but then that other guy came in. he made some different points, but in a more condescending manner. though now that it's out of his system, i might be able to leave it at this and forget the comment. usually i love youtube replies, even if they're rude, but after 40 in less than a day of just this, mostly late last night...
winning isn't necessarily fun, true, but losing that egregiously because of sloppiness isn't, either. just to be clear, i don't have a problem with losing. last week, we lost 10-5, but i still came away from it with an attitude that it was a good game. after we served up 8 runs in the first inning, we pulled it together and played really well. we had a lot of laughs with the other team, and it felt good. it was a completely different story last night.
@zem, simple answer?  youth.  as you get older, you will have gone down that road enough times that you'll just smile and nod, and then walk away.  its just easier that way.  the way i look at, trying to explain something to someone too dumb to understand it, is dumb.  don't be dumb, they're better at it than you... ;)  i encounter this on pretty much an everyday basis in what i do, especially, but not limited too, people who should be much much smarter than me, such as engineers! ;)
who needs practice? isn't the whole thing about having fun? winning isn't fun!
when talking about electrolysis engines, turning water into hydrogen and oxygen and burning that to make water, why do i ever boil it down to that simple of an idea? inevitably someone comes around with the idea that he off-hand knows more than i do about it and makes the inevitable conservation of energy argument, and then it devolves into me describing every single damn step of the process along the way, reinforcing that it's an open energy system, not closed, and that there are thousands of options for driving the reaction by putting energy in and getting that energy from, say, a solar panel, the mechanical motion, and even making an electromagnet on the... it's the drive shaft that rotates very fast on a car, right?- to help drive it. then tesla jr. comes along and doesn't read the 30 comments above his and tries to make the same argument. ` if you couldn't tell, i'm 38 comments into such a thread in the comments of a youtube video. on a comment that was originally about batteries and this stemmed from a simple analogy, if i remember right. and the average comment length is something around 20-30 lines...
i would have said "okay, but no hot sauce for you ever again if we lose!"
@lz, i would have looked at him/her with a straight face and said "good idea" then blown a raspberry and given two thumbs down... but thats me... ;)
our team captain said last week that we wouldn't practice between games. i disagree with that decision.
@lz, yep, there's a reason i play board games, not sports... ;)
lol. sounds like you guys might have fit right in yesterday. final score was 26-10. our team kept having problems with the ball going between legs, bouncing off the edge of gloves, overthrowing, etc. the short stop kept throwing the ball at 2nd base's feet, causing the ball to go rolling off all over the place, and giving the other team another base. when a guy was coming into home, first base had the ball and decided to run it most of the way to the plate, instead of just throwing it to me. when he did throw it, he threw it poorly and was to clise for me to adjust where my glove was to catch it, and the runner scored. it was bad.
oh yeah, the once in a season i would hit it, i could put plenty of energy into the ball. we'd never have to take crap from that ball again; it'd wish it had never been born.
@zem, lol, about the only thing i have going for me, is that if i do actually hit the ball, i won't have to worry about running! ;) seriously, i can smash those things, when i actually connect, about 5-7% of the time... ;)
bakhan, it could be even worser; i could have played, but without glasses or contacts! literally legally blind, and i realized last night i barely even have depth perception at all! i so need to go a full day without corrective lenses! i mean, i'm okay as a player (actually pretty good, but not enough endurance to do all the running a full game requires), but without glasses i'd give even your suck a run for its money! ;)
i don't know about a t-shirt, but if i'm going, someone remind me to bring my mug!
@lz, ouch, well, it could have been worse, i could have been playing for your team! ;) i am spacially dyslexic, so things aren't where i think they are mostly, baseball is really hard for me, both catching and batting, also, i can't run so... yeah, at least you have that! ;)
man, i haven't been on the kc site in forever! i loved that site and the strength of the community at its peak. and that it led to all of us becoming good friends and still communicating over 2 1/2 years and literally over 100,000 comments later! ` wow! in 2 1/2 years, all the things going on in all our lives, all the small talk and individual conversations, all the keeping-informed's.... 7,376 comments. all of that. all of the talking, getting to know eachother, debating, laughing, derping around over 2 full and a half years. a significant portion of my life. only 7,376 comments. is this what being self-aware is like?  i sure know back then i expected now to be well over 10,000! hell, over half of this all came in just the first few months! then again, our comments are longer and include responses from a whole day packed into one or two sometimes. not 2 per minute, having to constantly refresh, trying to scroll to what someone said just seconds ago, dozens of people filling pages per day.  so weird.
@zem, thanks buddy! i just placed my order!
@bakhan, yes. that's how bad my softball team did last night. it was embarrassing.
damn, i hate connectivity problems. no idea what caused it this time, but thankfully restarting my computer works most of the time. ` this one, geist? this was the cafepress link from kittencorps.com, and both the site and the store still work. still got my kc mug! http://www.cafepress.com/kittencorps
trumpiest? (sorry couldn't help myself...) ;p
abysmaler? abysmaliest?
@lz, damn, that bad?
@geist, that would be super! ;)
is there a word for worse than abysmal?
@bakhan: i have the link to the cafe press site on my tablet. i'll post the link here if not this week, than next week
@geist, can we still get those? if so, me too, me too!
which reminds me: i gotta order a kc t-shirt before i come up to canada
morning kittens. @geist: yay! happy mornings always make the day better.
@geist, that would be so cool! i'm excited already!
@geist, i have no shame! ;) i'm gonna strip off all that dry wall, and take a good long look at the post! ;) hehe
@bakhan: so do i. if this works out, the halloween trip next year is a guarantee.
@bakhan: you getting your drywall off again? perv! kidding!
@geist, its so nice to see you in a better mood! ;) i hope that this one works out for you! *fingers crossed*
@trinkets, yeah, its hard to say for sure as the ceilings are finished, i won't really know if its load bearing unitl i get some dry wall off... ;)
good morning kittens!
morning kittens! happy hump day. it feels so good to leave the house later to get to work. now i just have to convince my body to stop waking up at 3a.m.
3 day weekend... 3 day weekend... just a few more days until a 3 day weekend.............
i stay up late at night pondering the mysteries of the universe... ... ... mostly because they're assigned questions due for next p-chem class that aren't even posted until the afternoon the day before they're due, and so i do them the night before. that and the fact that these questions should have been over chapter 2, but only one might have been. i could tell they were in fact still over ch. 1 for some reason because they didn't have 90% to do with the derivation of schrodinger's equations or eigen functions, and only the third question might have involved ch. 2 at all. ` in short: god, i hate p-chem, but it's also interesting and i have to take it.
i'd rather 3 feet of snow showed up nov. 1 and went away in early april, but that there was a nice, thick, warm, quilt-like blanket of it the rest of the time. just to mock people for feeling cold in literal freezing temperatures who go and get a blanket. also because i love snow and we never get hardly any here. i don't remember the last time we had a significant amount of snow on christmas.
christmas should most definitely be snowy. it can show up dec 18 and go away jan 1
yeah, the last 3 times i've heard the almanacs say it was going to be a hell of a winter, it was actually really mild, and in fact pretty warm, with little to no snow for virtually the entire time. maybe 2 big snowfalls all winter that melted within a week because nobody *actually* wants a white christmas, amirite?
just clarifying my previous statement by making an almost identical statement, lol.
not all walls perpendicular are load bearing, but you rarely find parallel ones that are.
usually, but not always, if a basement wall runs perpendicular to the floor joists, it is load bearing. if it runs parallel, it is not load bearing.
people said that for last winter and it was actually a fairly mild one here. lots of snow, but the cold and icy stuff was minimal.
the farmers almanac is saying it will be one hell of a winter this year.
@gm, yeah, thankfully its decided to hold off on fall for a few more days, i was getting worried there for a while... o_o
@bakhan: i might jump out at about the same time...i was just outside to go to timmy's for a snack...and wow is it beautiful out!
@gm, 35 mins to go for me... >.>
is today over yet?
@zem, its funny how much a little change, can screw you up!  i find the same thing when i'm going somewhere at a different time of day than  i normally do, it looks different at night! ;)
then i walk into my dorm and the elevators completely changed! it took me 2 seconds, but i paused just as i was about to push the button and wondered if i was even in the right building! i just stood there for 10 seconds, thought i should go up anyways and act natural (not the first time i've doofed up like that), then i realized they just took the padding off the walls of the elevator they had so you didn't bang up the walls on move-in. they look completely different now, though! really surprised me.
wow, today is full of surprises! my first roommate works at the sandwich-shop-style dining hall on weekends, but he was here today. they had a special sandwich, so i got one different from the one i get 5 days a week and he was there on a weekday for the first time ever, so we threw eachother completely off balance. it was kinda funny.
@gm, its all good, i wouldn't want to put him out in any way! he's worked hard enough!
@bakhan: my dad is retired now, and has been having a hard time getting around more and more as of late...so not too sure how well it would be for him to check out something like that.
@gm, well there you go then! ;) i was hoping i might have been able to rope him into taking a look at my wall... ;) its all good though, i do know a couple of engineers, occupational hazzard... ;)
@bakhan: nope, he was a draftsman. drew up house plans for a living.
@geist, sadly, as much as i try not to, i am forced to adult way more than i like.  as much as i dress in disney clothes, drive fast and listen to loud music, play in a rock band, collect games and enjoy being silly, life gets in the way.  i very much have a take charge attitude, i just can't sit back and watch people doing dumb things, or letting dumb things happen by inaction.  this ocpd i have is the sh*ts.  i want to chill but no! i'm compelled to (insert corrective action here)! sigh.  thats why i love being on vacation, i don't feel any of that, i can just focus on having fun!  one of the reasons why i enjoy my herbal refreshments is that they help me chill out, and actually turn my brain down to low gear for awhile... ;)
@gm, is your dad an engineer by any chance? ;)
@geist: i do what i can not to adult...i'm sitting here having my coffee, listening to ffxiv soundtrack, with pokémon go playing on my phone....to balance it all out, i am waiting for the branch manager for this weeks' payroll to get back to me.
@bakhan: you still adult? i try not to as much as possible
@bakhan: fair enough. i know when we opened up part of the wall leading into our basement, we left the load bearing beam at the bottom of the stairs, and opened up the stairwell a little. it was easier for us since my dad had actually designed the house, so he knew where everything was supposed to be.
@gm, it all depends on the construction of the wall.  there should be a post (several 2 x 4's) in that wall somewhere thats carrying the load of the beam, but i won't know for sure until i get the dry wall off.  i'm going to start inside the room first so that the mess won't be visable to the outside until i'm ready for it.  it should be ok, but i'm not doing anything to jeaprodize my house! ;)
@bakhan: shouldn't you be able to remove all but the one support beam(the main load beam)? that's my un-educated estimate of what you might be able to do.
@gm, thats awesome!  a friend of mine stopped by yesterday to pick up his dog that we were baby sitting (an awesome 95lbs pitbull named mocha, total sweety), and we took a look at the wall i want to remove in the basement.  the only downside, is it may be load bearing... i hope not, i so want to take it out without needing an engineer. >.>
so, i spent a good two hours last night organizing the store room, and we have the two tables set up...still a little tight in there, but just need to actually get the lamps/tools and such in there now.
@gm, good morning sir!
morning kittens. @geist: awesome! enjoying the workplace is 3/4 of the battle!
@geist, huzzah! much of the halloween celebrating this and next year! yippie! nothing makes me happier than dropping all pretence of adulting, and just having fun! oh, and rollercoasters too, of course! ;)
howdy trinkets & bakhan! yes, this is looking like a much nicer assignment. too early to see if this is the brass ring i was looking for but it sure feels that way now. the great part is that i will not only be able to make it to the kitten con but visit universal studios with you guys next year!
@geist, thats great news! i'm glad you're doing something that you like! makes for a much better time, which you deserve! ;) huzzah!
good morning kittens!
good morning, all. geist, that's great news.
morning kittens. first day at new job was great! today is when i start training. looks like i can learn this pretty quickly.
i almost missed a really helpful study session, but randomly checked my email just as it started. i'm only still up because i got done a significant portion of sleep already.
i originally meant it to be actual sleep, and now i'd do stuff and sleep again before school, but that's not how it worked out.
maybe almost 2 hours of nap wasn't a good idea... now hear me out! ...... yeah, i got nothing. though i did it because of a severe lack of sleep last night (couldn't fall asleep), so now i can stay up later and get things done, though it likely shot my sleep schedule.
i guess mother nature is saying in her own subtle way that tonight is more of a ramen and tea night rather than a dining hall kind of meal. it is really cool to watch the rain fall down in near waves off of the building across the street. there's a big open area, and then a sudden building, so the rain all smacks into the wall and cascades off of it in interesting ways, making sorts of waves falling the length of the second tallest building on campus.
mmmm... getting a quart of chocolate chip cookie dough italian ice and a pint of chocolate frozen custard from rita's was the best idea i had all week! man i love that place too much! i'm so, so glad someone franchised one in lincoln! it'll never be as good as anything even remotely cold on a day when you've been walking for 5 or 6 hours in 111 degrees, but it's still some of the best!
@zem, he was good in blazing saddles, but nothing (for me anyways) will top his performance of willy wonka.  he played that role perfectly, and it was one of his favourite characters.  anything he did with richard prior was pretty epic as well! haunted honeymoon was one of my wife's favorites.  damn, i have to tell her he passed tonight, thats gonna be rough. :(
bakhan, he'll always be my favorite waco kid.
really, 2016? gene wilder?! what's next, bill murray?!  i'd say don't even joke about something like that, but we all know bill is immortal. pretty sure there's a curse on him that he can't die before steven tyler or queen elisabeth ii. ` me and my big mouth. watch 2016 be so heartless as to take all of them in one month. december, too, just before the year is out. it's going out with a bang, isn't it? oh great, now i gave it the idea to blow a whole bunch of celebrities up!
@bakhan: me too. but it will give me more things to keep me busy.
so i finished off the rest of my regular zombies for z:bp yesterday, and the alternate wolfbomination.  so all (mmmyeah) i have left there is all the npc zombs, the rat and alpha bominations, the dead eye walkers, and all the heros not in the base set.  thats it! >.>  then i have all the stuff that i never finished from before, the stuff for to:7s (everything), and all the stuff coming in.... ;) yep, i'll be painting forever! ;)
so...i just did a quick look, and it seems that with 2/5 of the remaining games with miniatures, i have ~300 minis on the way...then there are three more games i will need to figure out. @_@
what gm said! why are you taking the good ones & leaving the trash? now i have to watch blazing saddles tonight
did you know that, not only was gene's grand willy wonka entrance (the fake out with the cane) gene's idea, but it was one of his conditions for playing the part?
*shenanigans
well, at least gene lived to be 83, given all the shinnigans that he was upto in the 70's and 80's i think thats pretty good!  still, he will be sorely missed.  good bye gene, you'll always be my favorite willy wonka!
damnit 2016! i thought we had agreed that kanye, the kardashians, and justin bieber were next on the list!
2016 has claimed another victim. goodbye, gene wilder. you will be missed.
note to self: when the boss is paying for lunch, don't order a small salad. i was still hungry when i got back to my desk. good thing i had bought a pork chop smothered in mushroom gravy with rice. snarfed that down when i went to the break room.
@zem: i had salad, an apple, a few slices of cucumber, and 4 slices of cheese with 4 multi grain crackers...i am still hungry. t.t
when i start painting all the "minion" classes, they will each be different(especially things where they used to be individual humans - i.e. zombies/corrupted people). but when i get to the endure the stars game(when it gets here) there are mechanical enemies, which will all be painted exactly the same(with little "dings" where they were shot placed randomly).
ooh, gm, you're lucky i was so close to lunch as it was! making me that hungry out of the blue can be dangerous!
i usually go for different color hilts or some sort of staff. for the cultists in mansions of madness, they are all holding daggers. i painted the daggers all silver, but washed each on the their own color.
using power tools = using kitchen utensils. have a healthy respect for what they can do to you. and practice makes perfect.
@trinkets, they always do, i mean with the uniforms though.  i most notice inconsitancies with paint on larger areas, such as the back of a uniform.  they'll always be special to me... ;)
with the rank and file, i always try to have little differences between them. that way they all feel special ;-)
@trinkets, your paint station is awesome!  i wish i was handy like that!  i'm great in a kitchen, but put me around power tools and i'm likely to lose fingers... ;)
when i started out, i used citadel, i made friends with some guys that could buy stuff at wholesale prices, and they hooked me up.  i had the entire set.  then i got out of painting for a while, when i got back into it, everything had changed, citadel had changed thier bottle style and size and the price had almost tripled! so i bought the game colour series from vallejo, and haven't looked back.  their paints are some of the best i've ever used.  i still use some citadel inks, washes and glazes, but have all the vallejo ones as well.  army painter has decent paints, but they cost the same up here as vallejo, so for the price, i'll stick with vallejo.  for brushes, i've bought all kinds, and had all kinds of results! i had the same issues with the vallejo brushes, wouldn't buy them again... my current favorite are the p3 studio brushes from privateer press.  high quality, sable, and durable!  they have held up quite well to the work that they've been put to so far, and i can't see changing anything till the quality drops or the price increases too much.  i have a huge assortment of sizes, and styles, but mostly use a number 2 for big areas and a number 1 from finer areas, but i have 18/0 for spotting (eyes) and pretty much everything in between! ;)  i have always found when it comes to painting that you can get good results with less expensive products, but not consistently, which to me is everything.  when i'm doing rank and file, i want them to all look exactly the same, thats the point!  i've always regretted buying things based off of price only, and i do find that at the end of the day, you get what you pay for.
dang it, gm, your lunch made me notice that mon., wed., and fri., i don't eat until around 2! it wasn't surprising before that, somehow, but now i'll always think it's so late and "finally!" when i do get my food!
trinkets, that's a nice setup there!  ` hope the new job is treating you well, geist! ` lz, dodging difficult questions with the skill and finesse of a politician. ;)
i'll shut up now.
i used to use the apple barrel, americana, and folk art paints from walmart. they worked just fine. but my buddy, who has all the minis i paint, wanted to spring for the vallejo set. so i didn't argue. they are fantastic paints. and for washes, i use the army painter washes. i really like them. i have used their paints as well. they were also good.
i mainly use sizes 00, 0, and 1. i have a decent size 000 for really fine work.  there was a set of 3 brushes that came with the vallejo paint set that i used. they were good brushes, but 2 of them didn't last as long as i would have though. i am still using the one for dry brushing. but i will need to replace that soon. it is getting really frayed. but that is expected when using a brush for dry brushing.
i don't think we have triangle handle ones at my walmart. they did get some new folk art brushes a little bit ago but i haven't tried them.
definitely get cheap brushes to start with until you know how to clean them, store them, and use them properly. then, you can move up to higher quality ones if you want to.
years ago, when i startes out, i went with the cheap ones from walmart. then after i decoded i was going to get more into painting, i grabbed a few different brands and sizes from a craft store. either hobby lobby or michaels, i can remember which. then i broke down and got a series 7 winsor & newton size 1. many people said it is one of the best brushes out there. i like it and everything, the tip is dangerously sharp, the kolinsky sable wears fantastic, holds paint great, and just feels like it is worth every penny (and it was a lot of them). but i seem to enjoy the winsor & newton cotman 00 more. it was about 1/3 of the cost. it was early on in my painting that i got it and didn't take the care of it that i should have.  it no longer has a pointy tip, more of a curved flat tip. the hairs, even though deformed, have not frayed.  i'm not sure if it is the size, 00 vs 1 that i like more or what it is, but i like that little w&n cotman.
i use an inexpensive assortment that i got at wal-mart. they have triangular handles. i also use acrylics from the same store.
...my lunch is so bland. i want to trade it in for a burger...but i need to start eating healthier. =/
@trinkets: currently, nothing. open to suggestions on what works best based on experienced people's insight. also as to what brushes i should get, then there are the types of paints...so much to figure out before we get the room ready for painting.
what does everyone use for brushes?
i added a 1/4" sheet of white pvc board to the bottom part that. then that part slides into some grooves, vertically,  and holds all the paints in place so i can move everything around. i also have to paint on the dining room table and needed a good storage and movable setup.  couldn't find anything i liked, so i made it.
hi trinkets! when i get the painting station finished, i'll post a pic of it. definitely going to take a bit of time for us to get it together, but it will be done. that way, if i get busy with other stuff, i can leave it there without having to worry about needing to move it when we have company over.
http://i.imgur.com/ase59la.jpg
i'll see if i can get a pic of my painting station i made a couple weeks ago.
howdy all.
hope the new job is going good, geist.
@lz: i can write it for you. "grow up, or get the hell out!"
i get to write a reprimand today. yippee! #sarcasm
@geist, funny enough, it would have been a bubble bath! ;)  got to get that oil they put on them off before you paint! ;)
bubble bath?  how cute!
for now i'm just painting at the table in my kitchen, and everything is just in bags or cases.  once i have a dedicated room, i will be using the new stands i bought yesterday.  i think they're going to clean it up and make it a lot easier to find and use my stuff! ;)
for now, my dad has all his paints sitting in an old box lid in a drawer, which once we reorganize the room we won't be able to have in there. the entire desk it's part of needs to be pulled out of there(it's really just three pieces, but it's a matter of finding where to put them...if my sister moved out there would be a whole lot more room...all of my stuff in condensed down to my bedroom, and maybe 4 boxes outside of there). when i move out...i will need to get a whole lot of furniture.
@gm, that l shape, sounds like a good use of space, you might want to take a look at some of these pieces to help out with organization and space saving. http://brokentablehobbies.com/ i just placed an order yesterday.  i've got some ideas for downstairs.  i've got this weird long narrow room that was originally used for developing photography, i think.  i'm going to take the wall down and open it up (assuming its not structural of course) and then add a new top to the counter so i can pull a stool up to it and use that as my painting area.  it will be a lot better use of the space than it is now... ;)
@bakhan: good to know. my dad and i are working on getting the room he uses to paint his french cavalrymen miniatures set up so that we can both work in there. unfortunately, we need to move so much junk(a lot of it belonging to my sister) so that we can fit the two tables in there(both are about 8.5 feet by 2.6 feet). my idea, is to have them forming an l, with the "dead space" in the corner used to store all the paints/brushes/misc tools.
on another painting note, i finally got around to using the wet pallet yesterday.  where has this thing been all my life?! it is the most awesome tool, i wish i had know about years ago!  even a small dab of colour stays useable for hours!  it really helped out for mixing and colour blending.  10/10 i would use again! ;)
@gm, i always use primer, either white or black depending on what overall tone i'm going for.  primer, not paint.  primer sticks to pretty much anything, and paint sticks to primer.  if you don't use primer, theres a good chance the paint will pull away from your miniature.  so, yes, i always use primer as my basecoat.  when you're using primer, you're not looking to have a solid colour, patchy is fine, if the primer doesn't get all the way into the deep crevases, thats not the end of the world either, when you're painting it will cover it up.  the primer is just to help the paint stick, the raised surfaces are the most important to prime, as they are the most likely to be handled, bumped, etc.  also, make sure that you thin your primer and paints, they are too thick out of the bottle and will likely obscure detail if applied too thickly.  i would rather cover something twice and see the detail, than once and lose it.
morning kittens. @geist: good luck! @bakhan: i have a question regarding when you paint your miniatures. after you've given them their bath, and they are all dried, do you apply a base coat at all?
@geist, best of luck! i know you're gonna do great!
good morning kittens!
hey, lz, what happened to the campaign? did i miss it or was there another setback?
i'll certainly wish you luck, geist. in fact, i'll do you one better and wish you good luck! good luck, geist! you'll do great!
may luck rain from the sky.
tomorrow i start my new job. i'll try to check in during lunch hour but it will most likely be radio silence from me most of tomorrow. wish me luck!
frye? frye? frye?......
anyone? anyone? beuller? beuller? beuller? beuller?
just found out my birthday is national wine day. it was fated.
you're such a terrible person you're made of pissants, in turn made of piss!  ooh, that'll give them a fireable offense... really, though?! hiding them is one thing, and you can play it off (and look stupid) as an accident, but actually discarding documents, at least semi-important by the fact that they were printed off? still... why? i don't understand that. it doesn't even get a point across other than that you're immature. i kind of hope the documents turn up so the person isn't *that* childish, just irresponsible.
oh, and i like pissantry. pissanthrope is also good. pissantry describing the actions of a pissant. pissanthrope is a human made of piss or pissants. i like them. anywho, we have reason to believe the printouts were discarded, not hidden.
a reprimand, by the way, is a final warning.
i've talked to hr, and they want to talk about it more on monday. at the very least, we'll be issuing a reprimand for the insubordination. they're not sure if i can fire her just yet.
of course, there's certainly no evidence tying the hiding of documents directly to her, but usually if someone has a history of behavior like that, that's enough of a reason, and people have been fired for much less. maybe some kind of suspension, though probation should do that trick well enough already. i don't know, can you tell i hate people who act like this?
gm, that's a really serious punishment, which goes really well for safety-shirking. but for just assholery? i'd say you don't need to put up with that crap. especially if they're hiding necessary documents just to get back at you in a really childish way. this is one of those times i'm actually wanting to say just fire her ass and be done with it, though i know it's probably not that easy and may not work out well. though if i'm wrong and you can do that, lz, just do it already. i wouldn't blame you at all if i were the employee being fired for acting like this themself.
i know pissanthropic isn't a word, but i like to use it. what's the right word there, for pissant-like? pissantic, like pedantic? i know there's no such thing as a pissanthrope, but pissanty or any other option i've thought of sounds even weirder.
but on that note, i'm jumping ship and making a mad dash for home.
could do what we did to a guy who dialed to follow safety procedures. sent on suspension for two weeks, came back to a wage cut until his three reviews are all done(30 day, 60 day, 90 day).
lz, this is what you get for being promoted! nothing good comes of management! petty pissantry and passive-aggressiveness everywhere. ` also, a full days' worth of printouts? shouldn't you be able to just like lift each bag? or even just touch them? or see which one is bulging slightly (depending on material)? i mean, i don't know what material and whether we're talking 20 empty bags or a full warehouse of them, but it seems to me her petty pissanthropic passive-aggressive retaliation could have been worse. still, on probation and still does all that? i'd say her leash is now not only super short, but set on fire.
i would say give her a warning, but that might cause more problems in the long run.
i know, right? she swears up and down that she does, but her behavior loudly proclaims otherwise.
@lz, yikes! have a better weekend bro! ;)
@lz: sounds like someone doesn't want her job.
ok, ok, ok... wouldn't you think that if you put someone on probation for never coming to work on time, then they would be on their best behavior?! nope! then she has the nerve to get angry with me for trying to help her come in on time, telling me that i don't understand the job. no, i only worked it for four and a half years before hiring her. then... then, this is great, guys, then i come in today to discover that an entire day's worth of printouts for one of our analyzers is missing! it was here yesterday, but not today. the bag it was in had its label erased, and the bag itself was nicely placed in a pile of empty bags. the person who is on probation has been known to hide things in the past as a petty means of retaliation for perceived slights. it's like, honestly! how long do you expect to keep a job if you don't come in on time, yell at your boss for getting in trouble for not coming in on time, and then destroying test results!?!? gaaaahhhhh!!! geist, can i have one or six of those drinks?
@geist, you've fought the good fight, now play as hard as you worked! ;) i hope you have a great and relaxing weekend!
@bakhan: after the week i've had, i am going to have 3.
woo, weekend! a true weekend for geist, even! hope the next one is pretty enjoyable work!
@geist, congrats, a win is a win, don't over analyze it! ;) have a couple for those of us still slaving away! ;)
@geist: lucky you. i'm trying to motivate myself to finish what i need to do today. =/
it's here!!! the assignment is officially over. i am not proud of the fact that i didn't perform at my best & they will probably not ask me back but this new assignment coming up next week is more in line with what i have been doing for the last dozen years. so for now, i am heading to the bar for a couple of drinks and then home for some much needed sleep
and no, i didn't rick-roll you this time. (this time...) that would only give me giggles every time! ;)
if you need a pick-up after a long day, here's one of my favorite videos i found again yesterday going through youtube videos with friends. there's a guy who does an impeccable ian mckellen impression, and this video makes me giggle every time. https://www.youtube.com/watch… there's also one where "ian mckellen" reads 90s songs, and it's so great! there's a few songs you had no idea were so pervy!
yeah, while my dad was very technically adept, so in my memory even though dial-up was still very prevalent in my early internet years, we weren't using it, i do remember 1 gig memories being a huge thing. now, 1 terrabyte is even fillable! back then people mostly worked with scant kilobyte interchanges, now you can expend gigabytes on just simple things like videos or even just game updates. i have a measly 465 gb in my laptop, but i filled that right the heck up recently and now will have to cull my files and export a few games that don't need to function online.
which makes me wonder if in the new austin powers movie whether aol will still be the internet provider... ;)  i think it'd be a really funny joke to have them still using aol, and he gets the good 'ol "you've got mail!" message.
did you know there are actually alot of people still using dial-up? aol is still a thing, too, and over 2 million people still use them!
wow, recently you guys have been very chatty very early in the morning. like my first and second classes kind of early. you guys found my schedule again and are talking mostly when i'm not here again! dang it, i thought i'd kept it top secret!
less than 4 hours to go, i can do this! (i'll just keep telling myself that anyways...)
i get to process a wire transfer for a guy because when his hours were submitted it sounded(both to me and my manager) that is was an example, not actual hours to pay out.
*sigh* me first. just when i thought i was finished, i find that there is a whole section that i apparently didn't do and wasn't really trained on it. i'll get the blame, of course.
can someone bring me a drink? -.-
you are probably right bakhan. i only remember that the hard drive was ridiculously small compared to today's computers.
@geist, there weren't even 1 gig computers back when i was using that old modem.  40 mb was big, 100 mb was huge, and typically advertized as way bigger than you would ever need! ;) ah the good old days... ;)
@bakhan: that was what everyone had back when aol was king. i even remember the sound the motem made when it was dialing up. heck, there were no computers with terabyte sized hard drives. i think the most was 2 gig? if you went with 5 gig, you had to pay something like $2,000. nowadays, you can get a good deal on a 1t computer for $799.
@geist, i remember using dial up, before the internet was user friendly, the worst you'd get hit there was long distance charges.  i still remember (and loath) my 2400 baud (2.4k for those that don't know)  modem.... ;)
i remember a time when the internet was new to consumers and aol was the biggest carrier. back then you paid by the hour instead of monthly. man, i remember some $800 bills that came my way and that was pretty tame considering that some people were paying double per month for being online so much.
@gm, that would have been great, but sadly there is no limit.   you do have to keep accepting the fact that you are over the limit, and they're bending you over for it though.  maybe thats the $50 thing, the first warning?  i've had bills over $350, especially when i go to the states.  when we were on our honeymoon cruising through the bahamas, i made sure to have both of our phones off!  i'm not paying those prices, no way!
the maximum, apparently, that they can charge you for going over your limit, is $50(not sure as to how accurate that is, but that's what i've heard from a few people). so best to go big if you do go over your limit.
@lz, i wish we could get the plans that you guys have down there.  just this year they started letting some us carriers into the canadian market.  i imagine that in a year or two, we'll start seeing some much better plans as competition heats up.
that's why i'm glad my carrier does unlimited everything. i get 2.5 gb of high speed, but if i go over, it doesn't cost anything. i just have to deal with slower internet. they also don't count pandora or pokémon go against the high speed limit.
@gm, i've got the 15gb plan and so far i've used 2856 mb, but i had monday off, and a half day yesterday off, so i'm down a few hundred mb from where i would normally be.  i had the 5gb plan, but i kept going over, so i just went to the top end and thought, better to pay extra every month than get hammered a few times a year.  it does work out to be less this way, for me.
oh, and this cycle(aug 4 - sept 3) i've used 626mb so far.
@bakhan: i have 2.5gb limit, and looking back through the last few cycles...i came across one where i used so little data, it almost wasn't worth having a plan(used only 2.13mb of data), that was in april. just last month however, i used 2.12gb.
@geist,  a long time ago i gave up on having reasonable data usage and just went with the biggest data package that my carrier offered.  i pay way too much, but i don't have to worry about  running out either, so... i don't call it a win, but maybe a break even? ;)
i should have a chat with my parents about this again...my dad said he wanted to speak to me because they got a message saying they are getting close to the data limit...i'm on my own plan.
@gm & bakhan: i found out the hard way that not shutting down apps is one of the ways my internet data would drain so quickly. now i make sure to shut everything down when i finish using it. now if only i could shut off the lights in the rooms the same way.
@bakhan: every few days i have to re-iterate to my mom about closing apps.
@trinkets, lol about your dad and his potential new smart phone! my branch manager came to me yesterday, complaining about his new company iphone dying too quickly.  i checked and he had over 30 apps open! including safari, and some other huge data/battery pigs.  he felt that they should just have turned off automatically, i had to explain, its like a computer, and then he understood... ;)
good morning kittens! its friday!!! ;)
friday. finally. i need to get through the next 12 hours and then i will be home free. will probably spend the whole weekend catching up on sleep.
you should have put him up for president. he could have gone far!
i used to live in a house where the upstairs lady had an orange tabby that was beat up and sick looking like bill the cat. always making hacking sounds too. he was healthy.and happy, just looked rough.
yep, making up for another busy day. i can't wait for my weekend to start tomorrow. this guy needs a couple of days away from the circus.
ah, regarding imploding kittens: "release date: tuesday, october 18, 2016" that's an important bit of info. good thing i saved $3 by ordering it earlier. whoopee. ` "arrives oct. 24-oct. 25" even more important; should it be in canada when we get there? or will i be lucky enough to have it before going up? will i go up even? find out next time, same zem time, same zem channel.
trinkets: wow, that's alot. trying to make up for a full day? don't get used to it; i miss them all the time, and it's rarely worth catching up in full. ` regarding comics, i know, right?! calvin&hobbes is the most classic, and some of bloom county is the funniest i've ever read! in fact, bloom county is the major reason i know virtually anything about the culture and politics of the 80s! he started writing it again last year, too! though i haven't actually kept reading it, so i'll have to pick up a new collection of the new strips somewhere sometime. barnes & noble's has alot of stuff like that.
good, maybe i'll get the one i preordered then. how have i not gotten it?
*runs back in* it's on amazon again!!!!!!
does jenn's comment mean that it is on amazon again? *heads over to amazon*
one of these days, my dad wants to get a smartphone.  i may have to take 2 weeks off starting the day he does..
why do i have to go and "fix" my folks tv or computer or ipad every week? lord zombitten about 3 hours ago gah! why won't people who don't understand how labs work leave the lab systems alone?!
you could have told me this about 20 years ago! !! geist de la muerte gatito superbacker about 6 hours ago if you go home with someone and they don't have any books, don't f**k him. - john waters
micah "zem the mattress" philson about 7 hours ago i love the saying that you can never trust a person whose tv is bigger than their bookshelf, but i only have maybe 1 1/2 shelves worth of books, but i just bought a gigantic like 50 inch tv for my dorm, so... i may need to hit up a bookstore.  oh! that's not even to mention comic books! i love newspaper comic strips, so between stuff my parents, my little brother, and i bought, we have a full small bookshelf of just those, including all of calvin&hobbes, dilbert, the far side, bloom county, foxtrot... tons of all the good ones! do those count as books? for being a little younger than some of us, you certainly have the best of the best when it comes to comic strips. the farside and bloom county are some of my favorite reads when i have a few minutes to kill.  have you seen the (i believe) fan made version of calvin when he is a grandpa with grandkids?  i am almost about to bust out crying just typing about it.
rod "bakhan" mitchell superbacker  about 9 hours ago @trinkets, sounds good! i wish i could get away and just spend some time in nature... my wife is a city girl through and through, even though she's from a small rural town, go figure... ;) the wifey isn't into fishing either. she's from a town of 600 people and would rather be living in a big city.  not me. i like my 10,000 population city.
micah "zem the mattress" philson about 9 hours ago no intercom? dang, no announcing a wwe match tagteam with you and hulk hogan over the speakers. ;) i laughed so long at this!!
just looked up his profile, and the last comment he made was here on jan 25! i wish we could track him down, along with the dozens of other regulars we're missing.
aaw, the derp! i miss him. we made a good tagteam.
it's like the derpy whale is running amok in the system
no, this is about people messing with the test menu. activating old tests that were inactivated for a reason. inactivating current tests that need to remain active. adding tests that already exist. adding tests that don't exist. and when adding, only putting it in the menu without associating any of the appropriate and necessary codes, then complaining when it doesn't work.
wait... is this about the thermostat? because yes, gm is right. people with the opinion that it needs to be super warm are wrong and should be [kindly allowed] to work on the streets. just kidding (disclaimer before the flak hits the fan through a jet turbine directed at my face) in fact, though it sounds like segregation, why not have two separate areas with separate thermostats to fiddle with? then everyone could be happy! or engineers should get on making personal climate controls.
@lz: because they have an opinion. a wrong opinion, but an opinion none the less.
gah! why won't people who don't understand how labs work leave the lab systems alone?!
@jenn: a price jump of $3 bucks is nothing. i remember when the original game was on ebay for $800. now that is a price jump
whoa, chameleon uploaded a ton of videos to his grumpy geezer gaming channel over the last couple weeks! i got way behind on my subscriptions on youtube and just now got to the first new one, but nice to see him back in the game (haha, no pun intended) and making videos again!
.......................  ... uh... ... people still think to come here to complain?! this campaign ended over a year and a half ago! we're just the weird people who don't leave the party until the host starts cleaning up!  in the immortal words of ferris beuller, "you're still here? it's over! go home... go." ` wait a minute... that means we should leave. darn you, jenn, for making me feel like a creepy party-hanger! i don't want to leave yet! the party's not over! look, there's some beer still in this can, we're good for another few minutes!
why did the price of the expansion pack go up? imploding kittens: this is the first expansion of exploding kittens has increased from $9.99 to $12.99
i also met my wife when she joined my band... that's it! gm needs to join a garage band!
@geist, theres a long story with my wife and i.  i met her when she was the lead singer for a band i was joining (as bass player).  as soon as i saw her, i thought, wowza, she's the one!  things being as they were and us being in the same band etc., i never asked her out.  then one day she told me the story, well part of it, of this dream that she had about her in a competition for me.  intrieged and feeling bold because of this, i asked her out.  at the end of that dinner, we talked for hours, but alas, the timing wasn't right, and she turned me down.  i was pretty upset about that, because me feelings had been so strong, but i tried to move on.  the problem was i couldn't think of anyone but her.  three years passed and i had been on a few dates, but nothing serious came of any of those, and i was still thinking of misty all time.  then, she called me up out of the blue, and asked me out.  and then things started making sense again... ;)
@bakhan: i more meant in the hinting at things, but never actually saying it in straight "hey, i like you, want to go out?" terms. it's usually something like "you have good fashion sense", or "that book must be good to keep your attention while i was trying to get your attention"(this one actually happened last october, i got on the train - headphones in listening to music - and apparently she waved at me a few times "trying" to get my attention...)
there would be a whole lot less people in the world. and this would be a bad thing? ;)
@bakhan: i didn't call gm "abnormal". i simply think he would stand a better chance if he took a chance and explored more. yes, rejection is hard but it's a part of life. one simply must have the confidence and a thicker skin to shrug your shoulders and move on. and what if your wife had never called you? you two would never have met. if the world simply sat by and waited for their mates to come call them, there would be a whole lot less people in the world.
@gm, also consider that to them, you don't speak in "plain" english either... there's a learning curve on both sides.  part of it is understanding their meaning, the other is helping them understand you! ;)
@gm, one of the ways that you'll know you've got a potential candidate is that, you will understand what they mean when they say those things, and, it won't annoy you!  my wife has many habits that would drive me mental, if, i didn't love her.  one of the things that clued me into how special she was, and how much she meant to me, was that i could handle the annoying things, and they didn't annoy me.  trust me, i put up with stuff from her, gladly, that i would ditch people (for life) over otherwise... ;)
@bakhan: that's another thing that makes it hard to find the right woman...almost all of the ones i know don't talk in plain english. they talk in that "maybe i mean this, but it could be this, or that, but quite possibly those hundred other possibilities"....we're adults...speak like a regular human(not directed at anyone here...just tired of that stuff).
i think ultimately, its about being in the right place, at the right time, with the right head space, thats a lot of variables! ;)  not to wax too philisophical but, it will happen, in the way its supposed to happen, when its supposed to happen.  for me, as soon as i had given up totally, it happened.  i think that in giving up, i had also accepted who i was, which made me more confident in myself, and therefore more willing to take a risk.
@geist, i didn't start dating my wife till i was 35, so i don't think there's anything abnormal about gm.  it can be hard to put yourself out there, its a scary world, rejection sucks, etc.  there are a ton of reasons why not to explore the world.  with me, i had totally given up on finding a decent woman, when my wife called me up out of the blue and asked me on a date.  we've been together ever since. ;)
@geist: what bakhan said.
i know bakhan. but at the moment, his life is going by. why not explore the world now? he might bump into his soul mate that way.
@geist, i'm pretty sure what he means, is that if he is with someone who is more motivated to go out and do fun things, then he will naturally be as well.  we do tend to pick up habits from those we partner with. ;)
@gm: why do you need encouragement at all. motivate yourself to go out more. having a mate isn't really going to accomplish that if you aren't willing to do that on your own.
@geist: i'm trying to find someone who will encourage me to go out more(not someone who is out partying every night - i don't do the whole club/bar scene), but also enjoys playing video games, reading, and doesn't require constant attention(definitely need someone who is independent and has their own hobbies). unfortunately, 99% of the time when i find someone like that, they are already taken, or i end up realizing they were hitting on me way after we parted ways.
if i ever marry, that guy better love reading. or at least like it. i'm not really going to get along with a pure couch potato. or someone who plays video games all day and night, every weekend.
my shelves are lined with movies, my book case(which is about 1/2 the normal sized book cases) is double lined shelves(some of it i am getting rid of...grew out of the manga reading phase), and i still have other books sitting on top of those ones, and in other spots around my room. my movie shelves are nicely organized, but i do have a stack that can't fit on there, and i need to organize it better.
if that saying is true, you can trust the hell out of me, my two tvs are 46" and 52" (this one is curved and 3d), my book cases are much bigger than them both! ;)
if you go home with someone and they don't have any books, don't f**k him. - john waters
how does that saying work with projectors?
by the way, i've read all of those books at least once, but all of the comic books at least 3 times i'm certain, many of them much, much, much, much more. i used to read those almost exclusively.
i love the saying that you can never trust a person whose tv is bigger than their bookshelf, but i only have maybe 1 1/2 shelves worth of books, but i just bought a gigantic like 50 inch tv for my dorm, so... i may need to hit up a bookstore. oh! that's not even to mention comic books! i love newspaper comic strips, so between stuff my parents, my little brother, and i bought, we have a full small bookshelf of just those, including all of calvin&hobbes, dilbert, the far side, bloom county, foxtrot... tons of all the good ones! do those count as books?
i only have maybe 20 books at home, so i have a full shelf that i loosely organized by genre. more specifically by topic. it was sort of a gradient going from, if i can remember, interesting things to urban myths and misconceptions (and the truths behind them) to general factoids to historical facts to books about history to historical fiction to fantasy, including such beauties as several mental floss books, histories of england, the entirety of sherlock holmes, and the entire (important) works of tolkien (silmarillion, hobbit, lotr). then i have a few books that didn't fit on the shelf, for instance the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, which i'm reading now.
@gm: i have my books sorted by type. craft books, hardback fiction, hardback cookbook, etc.
@geist: i use it for the same purpose, making sure i don't buy doubles of something. though, since i've neglected to keep it up to date, and i plan on hitting the book store today, i can't look for more in certain series because i can't remember if i have them all in there or not.
@gm & bakhan: that is the app that i use to keep track of books. been a life saver. now i don't end up buying doubles of books that i end up giving away. it's also the reason why i know how many i have.
@gm, when / if, i ever get around to reorganizing the books, i'll use something like that for sure.  i'm sure it will help flesh out many of the series that i've started and never finished over the years... ;)
@bakhan: i started using libib to keep track of what books i have. i need to go through and update it since i know a lot are missing. i have it organized by author, but might redo it so it's organized by series instead.
@trinkets, sounds good! i wish i could get away and just spend some time in nature... my wife is a city girl through and through, even though she's from a small rural town, go figure... ;)
@geist, we can make that happen! there are lots of used book stores around.  fair's fair is probably one of the best ones, but there are many to choose from.
@gm, my movies (because i put them away) are alphabetically organized.  i have ocpd (not as bad as ocd, but still i can annoy the hell out of people and i don't mean to) so i don't really have an option that way.  the only reason i haven't fixed the books is the sheer volume of work to fix it.  honestly i normally keep the lights off by them so i can't see them, then they don't bother me as much. ;) as per the butter tarts, your mom is a rock star!  i would gladly accept as many as she was willing to make (i'm not sure how many i'll share...), but seriously i would think that two dozen would be lots!  and again, would be muchly appreciated!
no intercom? dang, no announcing a wwe match tagteam with you and hulk hogan over the speakers. ;)
@bakhan: i talked to my mom last night, and she said she will gladly help me make butter tarts when it gets closer to halloween. only question, how many should i look at making?
gotta remember to hit up the used bookstores in canada when i visit
@lz: i'm the same way with my movies and books...i'll sort it out later(i have ~300 movies, not quite as many books).
when we moved into our house, the books were thrown on the shelves in a mostly disorganized fashion. i said i'd sort it out later. later hasn't quite come yet. it's been nearly six years...
i usually throw on a movie while trying to organize. end up watching the movie instead. i do the same thing when i'm cleaning. another reason why i never get stuff done.
vegging out sounds like a great idea. i have a short day tomorrow, so i will be vegging out on a boat catching some fish. and then it's game night. saturday i will try and finish the south park stick of truth game. i would organize my man cave, but i never get to far. i usually throw on a movie while trying to organize.  end up watching the movie instead.
@geist, i've never actually done a piece count so i don't know exactly.  i can fill four regular sized book shelves and then some, so i'd guess a few hundred anyways... ;)
@bakhan: how many books do you have? i currently have 538...and counting.
@gm, i think thats pretty typical for the oil industry right now.  we're feeling the pinch too, we were just told that we will not be getting raises this year, and we have five more empty desks than we did at the start of the year.  that being said, we're still meeting our sales targets, just each person is busier than we should be, mistakes are being made. >.>
@bakhan: if everyone is in who works on the other side(that isn't on vacation right now) there should be about 8 other people in today. on a day where everyone is in the office, excluding the girl who went on mat leave now, there would be 15 people. there are enough desks in our part of this floor for 37 people.
@gm, no intercom! oh well, there goes that idea... ;)
@bakhan: we don't have an intercom. and there are other people...just they are on the other side of the building, and all are part of accounting where they have their faces buried in their computer screen. @geist: i always have music going. that's one of the perks of having my own office(though i will probably end up sharing if we ever grow as a company again since there is another desk in my room)
@geist, all of my books are on bookselves (we have a nice little area on the second floor) but as my mother in law put them away for me, none of them are in order at all.  i had them all packed up in alphabetical order, with the letters written on the boxes, so it would be easy to put away.  sadly, she just opened boxes willy nilly and put them on the shelf in any order.  even if she had just put each box on the shelf the authors should have been grouped, but no.  it will take days to sort it all out again. :( its already been like that for two years...
@gm: you should play some music since you are the only one there.
@gm, good morning sir! sorry to hear that you're alone in the office today.  for fun, you should page yourself over the intercom! ;)
morning kittens. ` looks like i'm likely the only one on this side of the office today. my manager is working from home, the us benefits coordinator is taking a day off, the safety girl left on mat leave yesterday, and not sure where the hr lady is.
@bakhan: i tend to collect books and paper. articles, post-its with information on them. i've got nearly a half a dozen of the xerox boxes that i've collected from work that i've been using to pack up my books and other stuff (i still plan on moving out of the apartment and into a house within the next 2 years). my goal was to have all of this done before my birthday so that the maintenance guys can come in a make a few repairs but it looks like that isn't going to happen so i'll have to shoot before the end of the year.
@geist, oh i know all about that! my intention is always to put something away as soon as i'm done with it.  the piles of stuff to be sorted out and put away are crazy sometimes.  one of the hard things for me is that my wife has the same tendancies, with out the intention of doing it right away, and we end up spending hours and hours, if not days and days, cleaning.  decoration clutter aside, when you guys come up, the way you see the house will not be the way it normally is... ;)
actually bakhan, i have a ton of organizing to do at home. i usually start doing it then get distracted or i have something to do and then my place gets messy again.
@geist, vegging out is a great way to recouperate! 10/10 i would veg again! ;)
good morning kittens!
howdy trinkets! almost the weekend. i am so looking forward to it. been getting less sleep as i try to finish two projects at work. i just might veg out this weekend.
good morning geist.
*yawn* morning kittens
lz, my older brother actually moved to germany to learn german for a job he got in switzerland (well, he just finished the class and will move very soon), so i'm going to practice with him on skype every week. though any help practicing is really... helpful. darn lack of creativity with adjectives! ` bakhan, yup! just 175 comments to go as of the last time it updated! ( as of 2016-08-24 17:07:18.571238 utc)
@zem, i'm almost at my fourth lol? thats awesome!
ultimately, you'll have to be the judge on what you can get away with here, dude. it'd be great to have you, but it'd suck for you to mess up your education for a few days of fun. that being said, i can possibly help a little with the german thing. i only speak a little of it, but i'm fluent in dutch, which is pretty similar.
i hope we're not deluging lz too much to catch up; his input would be pretty weighty seeing as i have to meet up with him.
bakhan, i'm not too picky, but if i can manage, i'll definitely need to study. especially for that exam i'd shift hopefully to the friday after i get back. and physical chemistry; quantum mechanics and chemistry are not things to be taken lightly... and of course german since you can't stop practicing a language you're learning. and history of rock too, just because why not, i'm missing a bit already. yeah, all the classes for all the reasons. also, it shouldn't weigh down on my future, but that's what i'm hoping scheduling can fix in the first place. not the first time i've had to skip a few days, even a week, but it is the most i've done at one time in college yet. still gonna be fun if i can manage.
i love how that after this long, the regular with the fewest comments is 3,335 (now that trinkets is back, otherwise it was bakhan with 3825!). we've been around so long the lowest person has thousands of comments! even many of the irregulars!  also, creeper... the waiting game is almost over! i'm just under 500 from you! though now lz may be starting to make a few scratches back... thus endeth my regular monthly looking at the "scoreboard".
@bakhan: no no my friend. anything you decide to serve is alright with me. besides, you guys have bakeries in canada. i'm sure some of them serve butter tarts that i could buy.
@zem, well, if it helps, my wife has an office space at the far end of the house, so it is quieter than other spaces, and you could use that to study if you would like.  just putting that out there.  honestly though, whatever fun times we wind up having will not outweigh your future, do not jeaprodize your education!
if you talk to the professor/organizer early, there's always another date to take the math exams because inevitably a few people will have an issue. i could see into that, but in total a week is alot... thankfully it's not the week before i'm going or anything, but it's still not going to be an easy trick to pull off. ` be sure of this, though: being able to go and see all of you and go to canada and the party and everything would be, by far, the best thing ever! it would totally be worth it if i could manage it, even the having to figure out how not to take a hit in german class! (since we meet literally every day in that class, we have 5 freebies to skip class, but after that, 10 unexcused absences that result in a one point deduction from our grade in that class. current plans mean losing 3 points and wasting my freebies)
@gm, ok, you're in charge of butter tarts! (or your mom...) ;)
german: yes! exam 2 days before that. though you can't miss too many days in that class... calc: f*********** exam nov. 1! i may be able to reschedule that if i'm lucky, but that'd be tough as it is! history of rock: uuuummmm... the only thing in that class is the exams, but i can't find any schedule anywhere for them! p-chem: i'm good! though it's definitely not advised to miss any days of that, much less a week.  ` yeah, in a bit of a pickle, but i fully expected that. i've hoped to god all the time i could make it, but figured it'd be next to impossible on a college schedule. we can still see, it's not impossible, just very difficult.  still have no clue when those rock exams will be though, but we have a full week period to be able to schedule a time at the testing center to go in and take it, so that's not a worry.
@bakhan: i can try, and if all else fails, i know my mom makes some mean butter tarts.
yep, party on the 29th! all day baking / cooking craziness on the 28th! ;)
@gm, you any good at making butter tarts? i've never tried and it sounds like they are expected... ;)
29th*
yup, expires 25 feb, 2024, so i'm good there. i'll check my schedule right now. please no unmissable exams!!!
@zem: i believe the party is on the 2th.
i'm an usher at husker football home games here, for unl, so i got scared i might miss a game, but there's only an away game that saturday, the 29th. though it's wisconsin, so i may have to tune out and watch that game, it's gonna be rough! that's always an exciting game.
i'm even more excited about going than you guys are about me coming, assuming it all miraculously works out! my passport expires when i'm 26, apparently, so i think i'm good for a few months here...
i can't weight to eat my weight in maple bacon brittle and butter tarts
this is getting pretty exciting guys! i can't wait!
@zem, it can't be more than six months to renewal or they may not let you cross, fyi.  also, yay! that would be great if you could make it!  between you and gm, i'm gonna feel tiny though... ;)  sounds like i'll have to make some extra maple bacon brittle... ;)
@geist: bakhan's house is definitely big. lots of room.
@zem: best to have that checked right away, and make sure it's not going to expire anytime soon.
gm, we've always had passports just in case. i may check (again), but pretty sure my mom has it somewhere in the office at home. ` so likely 26-3. got it, thanks! first chance i get, i'll look into my schedules, but if i remember right, it should work; i glanced over them but had no idea what days specifically. a week sounds a little much of classes to miss... why couldn't fall break have been then, like halloween or something, which makes sense, rather than the 17th and 18th?!
@geist, our house proudly features three and a half baths, so no worries, lots of lava handling capabilities... ;) lol!  gm, can back me up on the fact that my house is not small... ;)
@lz: i was thinking of taking an extra day off as well. i'm still undecided about that.
zem, i have october 27- november 4 off. we might be leaving after i get off work on the 26th, or setting out early on the 27th. we're coming home tonight on the 2nd. i took a couple extra days off afterward.
@bakhan: i'm just thinking of the poor pipes in your house. extra guest all pooping lava can't possibly be good for them.
@zem: don't forget to have your passport before you come.
today sucks. it's the last day(and she already left) for the vp of hr who made work fun, we got word from the girl who's going on maternity leave that her doctor said no more(she was going to be working until sept 15) and to start now. there are only 2-3 of us who actually socialize, and try to bring life to this place. it's so depressing around here.
speaking of which, lz, which dates were you planning on again? if i'm able to and you're okay with me carpooling up to the great white north, i'll need the dates you're planning on, plus probably an extra of my own. but now i have my syllabi, so now whatever the schedule, i can see if it's possible.
i'll be in trouble too...i do have oct 27-31 off. >.>
i suspect that i'm in big trouble between the two of you! ;)
oh, this again? yeah, yeah...that's nothing important my liver feels the same way.
it's because of the years of abuse i've subjected it to. i think i've destroyed some of the capsaicin receptors. either that, or my brain just says, "oh, this again? yeah, yeah...that's nothing important."
@lz: you just have an iron tongue, is all.
yeah, i tend to avoid using such things when cooking for other people. at the last chili cook-off i was in, i cut up one habañero into the six-quart pot and then i had a one-quart pot into which i cut up one or two habañeros. i labeled the big pot "mild" and the small pot "hot." most people couldn't stand the mild (which to me, really was mild). they didn't believe that anyone could eat the hot, but i did. that was the last time i pulled a stunt like that. many people said mine had the best flavor, but they didn't vote for it because of the heat.
@geist, amen to that! my wife would just die, and i would be one of the crabbiest bastards anyone's ever seen! must avoid the ghost pepper! ;)  my wife can handle jalapeno hot, begrudgingly, but nothing past that point.
@lz, i've placed pretty high in a few 2nd and 3rd places typically.  my main problem is not toning down the spiciness enough for the canadian pallet.  i always make it mild to my taste, but apperently its still too spicy... i think most people around here find oatmeal too spicy... ;)
while it would go with the theme of halloween, no ghost peppers in the chili. please! my exit door wouldn't be able to take the stress.
and most people down here also use ground beef. the meat is partly why i've won chili cook-offs before
sounds good. it's tradition in my family to eat chili on halloween, anyway
@lz, people mostly make it with ground beef up here anyways, but stewing meat makes sense, basically its just chopped up pot roast anyways... ;) i much prefer that kind of texture myself.  maybe i could talk you into making some chilli for us when you come up?  you tell me what you need, i'll make it happen! ;)
i use stewing meat. ground beef gives it a weird texture, i find
damn crappy connection, causing a double-post! sorry.
could always use a pork butt for chili. would add a nice twist.
@lz, it was so good, it was worth a double post! ;) i always start with the meat myself, those crispy bits add lots of flavour! have you ever tried using pot roast instead of ground beef? its so good!
the chili is good. it tastes like chili. it's not quite what i was going for, but i put meat in the pot first, so i wasn't able to taste it as i went. i should have mixed the base in another bowl. oh well; it's still good chili. i didn't make it spicy this time because it's for a work party, and a bunch of people i work with can't handle spiciness.
the chili is good. it tastes like chili. it's not quite what i was going for, but i put meat in the pot first, so i wasn't able to taste it as i went. i should have mixed the base in another bowl. oh well; it's still good chili. i didn't make it spicy this time because it's for a work party, and a bunch of people i work with can't handle spiciness.
@gm, you will for sure! when i lived on my own, i barely cooked, more just threw some stuff together and called it food... once i had someone to cook for, it was a world of difference!
@geist: i'm sure i will once i get to that point, but for now, i just don't enjoy having to cook.
@gm: you'll enjoy cooking again when you get a wife and start a family.
i don't want to turn something i love, into something i dread. main reason why i don't knit for folks. or do any craft project for money. if i knit something for you, i must really love/respect you and it is a gift.
@gm, there hundreds of hours on your gaming consol that would disagree with you... ;)  but, everything in its own time. as per baking, easy peasy, the biggest mistake that most people make is over doing it!  too much mixing, too much messing around.  follow the recipe, make the appropriate changes for our elevation, adjust the flavour profile for who you're cooking for, sweeter for younger people, etc., good to go! ;)
@lz, i'd try your scratch cooking any day, with the only thing being scary is how spicy you'd make it! ;)
@lz: recipes are just suggestions, unless you are baking, then you're screwed either way(at least, i am, i suck - and hate - at baking.
@bakhan: i'm trying the right lady...but it seems i either end up overthinking, and not acting...or they end up vanishing from my life never to be seen(to date) again.
speaking of cooking, we're mere minutes away from seeing how my chili tastes. i didn't follow a recipe, so i don't know for sure. it smells good, though.
@gm, you're young!  there's still hope man!  give it enough time and perhaps you'll find that spark again.  maybe you just need the right lady to cook with? ;)
i wish i had never worked in kitchens. i used to enjoy cooking, now i dread it. i still help out with it, but it isn't something that i truly enjoy anymore.
@gm, kitchen hours are the craziest!  i've been asked many times why i don't cook for a living.  my answer? the hours suck, the pay sucks, the environment sucks, and i don't want to turn something i love, into something i dread.  i love to cook, i always want it to be that way.  i have been considering retiring in a few years (once my car is paid off) and just doing comissioning painting for people to make some extra money.  it all just depends on what happens.  right now my salary just pays for my extras, phone, car, insurance, ks, etc. my wife has told me many times i don't have to work.  there's been times when i've really considered it.  tbh, i enjoy being an expert, and having people seek me out for the hard stuff that no one else seems to be able to do, i don't know if i can give that up easily.  its nice to feel important once in a while. ;)
@geist, wowza! 40 in three! i know some people who work 4 10's and have three days off, they seem to like it fine.  i'm so burnt out after 8 i couldn't imagine.  i guess it depends on what you do.  i'm working on designs and answering complicated questions all day, at the end of my day, i'm so ready to get home!  its hard on my wife because she naturally has questions, and i don't feel like answering anything by the time i get home, i just want to nothing for a while... ;)
also, morning.
@geist and @bakhan: i've only had these hours(8/9am - whenever i can get out) for the last 5-6 years. but i was also doing kitchen work for 3-4 years of that, where i could potentially be there(with a 2-3hour break in the middle of the afternoon) until almost midnight, then get home ~1am, unwind until ~2am, sleep until ~6am, and do it all over again...my body has learned to function on less than ideal amounts of sleep...my average right now is about 4-6 hours of sleep a night.
@bakahn: there is someone i know who gets his weekly 40 hours in 3 days. 16 hours saturday and sunday and then 8 hours on one of the weekdays. the rest of the week he has off. he loves it. been doing it over 20 years.
@geist, that sucks.  i've been working the same hours for 16 years now, so i'm pretty set in my routine.  if i had to shift my hours around it would mess me up big time as well!
@bakhan: i wasn't planning on sleeping at all, lol seriously, this temp assignment has thrown my sleep pattern way off.
@geist, there will be none of this three in the morning stuff when you come up! ;) unless we're all still up, of course! ;)
@trinkets, i pre-ordered, i hope to have it before my southern kittens show up in october! fingers crossed! ;)
good morning kittens!
waking up is hard to do! ` my new favorite song right there. it just speaks to me.
morning kittens. woke up at 3a.m. to cook some pork chops with mushroom gravy and some jasmine rice. sample tasting has proven positive. will see how tasty this is at lunchtime
hmm, no email about that, can't even find the expansion on amazon... aha! "arriving oct 24 - oct 25 not yet shipped track package  imploding kittens: this is the first expansion of exploding kittens sold by: exploding kittens $9.99 buy it again" so... did they allow for more preorders than they had decks available?!
i preordered it, but now that you remind me, amazon never told me it was coming! i'm certain i preordered it at least...
do you know how much it was?
i saw that. they're going to have to reprint it. there's too much interest in it yet, i would think.
@trinkets: i waited too long & now it's sold out on amazon
did anyone (or should i say everyone but me) get the ek expansion?
who would think that lord is not a title? lordi, lourde, lorde  i would understand.
hmmm, you do make a good point...
gm, don't forget the obligatory fedora tip when you say that!
@gm, i may have the back of a hand for you here somewhere... ;)
@bakhan: the proper term is m'lord
@lz, i get what you're saying, but they should really have addressed you as lord, or tasted the back of your hand... just saying.... ;)
so this is interesting: i just backed a game and when they sent me a thank you message, they said "hello zombitten!" i was like, "finally! someone recognizes 'lord' as a title!" i don't know how many people have called me lord as if that was my name...
@bakhan: i figure i will ride out the rest of this year, and see what comes in jan. some people are expecting that they will move almost all the positions down to our houston office, which they moved a lot of those same positions up here.
@gm, yikes! one of our salesman was asked to retire, or he would have to be let go.  which sucks for him as he has two kids in university right now.  the times are tough thats for sure.  what about you, have you been putting any feelers out yet, things sound pretty harsh where you are right now...
@geist: one was a terminal manager, who actually in confidence told some of us that he was waiting for them to walk him out, the other was asset manager who has traveled all across our locations checking on stuff and getting equipment ready to be moved.
@gm: you mean 2 employees were fired & escorted off the property?
@bakhan: tell me about it. found out today that not one, but two management team members were walked out yesterday. no official word was sent out yet, which raises quite a few questions and eyebrows.
this suck filled day started with so much promise, now i just want to go home and hide under the covers for a week.  why me!?
i know those guys! though i don't know them well; i'm more friends with their distant cousin, coffee. good friends with him!
thursday will be fun for me. i only have two classes and finish at 10:30 am! though i have to wake up at 7 in the gorsh darn am! today is the same, but i have an extra recitation. actually, i'm pretty lucky that all my classes are in the morning so i have the rest of the day to do nothing! made some coffee, have some chocolate i bought in large, large quantities in hershey world in penn. (a pound bar of chocolate and 2 1/2 lb reese's cakes! i was tempted to get the 5 pound bar, but even sharing with roommates, i'd get way too fat on that!), ready to relax! just for awhile; got some entertaining physical chemistry to read! woohoo, a class virtually entirely calculus (though the professor made sure to say the math isn't the big thing here; i'm pretty sure we'll still need to know all of it!) seriously, look at some quantum physics and chemistry equations and tell me that's not a bedtime story!
@trinkets: i know his sister: bailey's. she usually hangs out with her boyfriend: vodka. they make a tasty pair.
leinenkugel's oktoberfest to be exact.
i'm meeting an old friend tonight.  his name is beer.
i can't wait for friday. meeting an old friend for drinks and then i'll be meeting another friend to give her her birthday present.
i can't wait for thurs...going out for a drink after work with my friend(who quite likely you will all meet at halloween time...still not sure if he is coming or not).
is this week over yet? you beat me to it. i was just going to ask this question.
they added an extra three days...today is only tuesday after all. -.-
or piss.
no, it seems like they added an extra day just to puss us off.
is this week over yet?
you certainly can keep the paint fresh for days. as long as you check the moisture level daily. make sure not to keep it too wet though or your paint will this itself too much. also, don't plan on mixing a custom color and using this method to store it. i only go at most to a third day on rare occasions before changing the parchment. also, if you aren't using it daily, it can mold on you.
https://youtu.be/96mjmqwtpfm this is where i found out about it and how to make one.
@lz, now that i have one, its easy enough to make yourself.  get a small (sammich) sized plastic container, with a lid.  get a piece of sponge about 1/2" thick, big enough to almost fill your container.  fill the container with water to almost the top of the sponge. get some parchment paper (like the stuff for cooking) cut it to fit the sponge.  get it wet on both sides, then smooth onto the sponge so there are no air bubbles.   boom, wet pallet.  it helps greatly extend the working times of the paint.  some people like to add a layer of paper towel undernieth the parchment.  when done painting, you can drain the water out and put the lid on, you'll still be able to use your paint the next day (supposedly), i'll have to let you know how it works out. ;)
wet pallette, eh? never heard of such a magical device. which one do y'all recommend.
@trinkets: not yet. it's on the 4th of september. gonna take a little trip to philly and celebrate.
@trinkets, yep, thats what i plan of using it for, keeping my custom blends usable for longer, i'm actually quite looking forward to it. ;)
@lz, good news, i was pretty sad i wasn't able to use it last year, especially after i hyped it up and all... ;)
cb hasn't been on here in a very long time now, geist. well, months to be sure. nice catch; he was on some time this summer to check in, but disappeared again.
really great for custom colors, maintaining consistency,  and keeping the paint from drying out overnight......you'll be glad u went with it.
did u just have a bday, geist?
@trinkets, i've been debating on one for a while now, and finally pulled the pin yesterday!
anyone heard from cb?
yes, i'll still be bringing some sauce in october
done
@trinkets: include me in that lottery win.
love the wet pallet. i made my own. i don't use it for washes or metallics but it is so much better using it.
@trinkets, yep, they're shinny, spin well and the art is pretty decent.  i haven't actually played a game with them yet, but they do have that top factor, if they're beside you, you'll wind up just spinning and spinning... ;)
i knew someone got the battle coins,  or whatever it was called. so, they were as good as advertised?  i also am not able to fund the dice coins, but will watch for his stuff later.
@lz, you'll still be able to bring some mad cow with you though, right? ;)
@trinkets, unboxing to:7s.  i shudder to think how much plastic i have that needs some painting love right now... and how much more is coming... ;)  i did however just pick up a wet pallet yesterday, so i'm excited to give that a go, maybe tonight!
then, conan arrives in october. 354 figures and terrain pieces at least in that game. ugh.  i need to win the lottery.
@trinkets, i backed a project by him and the quality is great! i just really need to pinch my dollars now, so sadly won't be backing his dice coins (which may or may not have been my idea...) ;)  i was asking him to incorperate it onto the edge of the coins for a dual purpose usage.  i can say, they are very nice coins.
indeed, it was a bummer. it'll be successful the next time around. i have a guy working on the new logo now.
unboxing what? i haven't even started on z:bp.  my buddy got mansions of madness last year and i painted those back then. he just got the 2nd edition, which we played 2 sundays ago, and it was fantastic with the app. so he wanted the new figures painted. i have been painting those. i still have a mini and full expansion for imperial assault, all of z:bp, he just got the others so i have all those too.
that was a bummer about the sauce.  i was really looking forward to them all.
good, geist. how about you?
@bakhan: one of these days i will do that...but for now, there is so much to do, and so many people to talk to on there.
@trinkets: i'm not backing anything else until a certain sauce makes a strong comeback.
i never back dice stuff. not really into collecting it.
morning trinkets! how are you doing?
is anyone backing the dice coins?
good morning all.
@geist: a star trek museum...and that's about it. it's really a small farming town.
@geist, its a small town in rural alberta, its about 1.5 hours from calgary.  they have a little star trek museum and an "enterprise" which is pretty big, but certainly not to scale. ;)  it has that small town charm, but nothing else really to speak of.  its one of those places that you go to once, and think that was nice, but i'll not do that a second time. ;)
@bakhan: want to know something funny? near my cubicle is a map of canada. it's like a sign that my visit this october has the gods blessing. question: what is in the town of vulcan?
@geist, yep, that can be frustrating for sure, sounds like way too many steps in a process tbh.  glad you've got something better for next week!
@gm, lol, oh well, someday we'll get you to turn off you consol for a day or two... ;) i think you're really going to like it, it is super creepy!  i don't know when i'll get around to painting them though, i still have about half of my z:bp stuff left to paint, mostly heros, which take forever (if you want them to look good, which i do).  i was able to reduce all the packaging and get all the stuff into three boxes, the main box, the apoc box, and the gamma box.  its all there, nice and safe, and i tossed out a full bag of recycling! ;)
@bakhan: my frustration here is that i was only given 8 days of training and suddenly i'm suppose to be the expert. the credit card process alone is 50 steps and i'm pretty damn sure i didn't do it right. ah well, my last day on this assignment is friday. i was suppose to cover for a woman who is on maternity leave but i've found something better.
didn't really do much unboxing last night...had a few things that i wanted to get done before the server maintenance for ffxiv. >.>
@gm, good morning! how did the unboxing go? ;)
morning kittens.
@geist, temping is always a mixed bag, some of the temp jobs i did were pretty fun actually.  it all depends on the people you're working with. but yeah, it can suck for sure! ;)
*bangs head on desk* there is a reason why i don't like temping.
@creeper, good to see you! hope all goes well on your date! ;)
good morning kittens!
god i love early classes. i woke up at 7:00 or earlier all my life before college, and when i came here and could set my own schedule, i thought nothing more than "how can i get the earliest classes possible?!". so much fun. i am *totally* a morning person. yeah...
aaand now somehow i just associated ups with downs and now i'm associating parcel delivery with a genetic disorder... welcome to my brain, where anything can be associated with anything. it's one of my talents.
that's great, creeper!
speaking of ups....i have a date with mine. :)
hello my kittens.  how have you been?
guess they didn't get away with leaving the slip. that is one big box.
geist, that's strange to you? i think it'd be weirder if i didn't want fried chicken at some point! it'd probably be a sign of something much more dangerous going on, like a stroke or being full or something that sinister.
and now i want fried chicken for some reason...
@bakhan & gm: the premium delivery guys never seem to ring the door bell. maybe they only have a short amount of time to deliver all of their packages and don't want to wait for a person to knock on the door. one of the main reasons why i have my packages sent to my ups post office box. there is always someone there to sign for my package and i get a notification in the mail so i know when to pick it up.
as for vodka, my mom makes her family-wide famous angel's piss vodka from berries picked on the bike trail! it's called that because when my aunt tried it she said, "it's like an angel pissing down my throat!"  thankfully we have a basement to store it in. it's perfect for storing anything in; cool and dry (except for when it rains really hard, leaks gallons into the old cellar area, and the buckets there are broken so they spill gallons upon gallons all over the entire basement leading to hours upon hours of work cleaning it up, of course. thankfully we have a solution that seems to work perfectly for now and i don't have to deal with any of that until next summer!).
geist, last time you went to philly you were freezing? last time i went there, i was melting! i might have mentioned (excessively) the 111 degree heat index whilst walking around town literally all day, from 95 degrees a.m. to 95 degrees p.m., only to come back and sleep in a house without ac! still worth it!
survived my first day... somehow. very little sleep here as well, which made dr. eckhart's p-chem drone all the more entertaining. then, when all was said and done, i got to go sit in line at the bookstore for 45 minutes to spend over $300; i got in line when it was at its shortest! i made sure to go back to a friend i saw and make fun of him because at that moment after i was done, he was where i had started in the line. ;)
@bakhan: i'm going to talk to my dad(who as far as i know is home all day today, since he is retired), and see if they even rang the bell. if not, there will be a few choice words when i pick it up.
@gm, i was home and i just randomly saw the post man trying to leave a slip! he never rang the door bell at all! if i wouldn't have opened the door i would be going to pick it up too!
@geist, i hope you have a great bday and lots of fun cruising the mom and pop shops!
@lz, yikes! i don't even want to know! ouch!
i really hate couriers. i know for a fact that someone is home right now, and i just got notification for an item that is supposed to be delivered there that "attempted delivery. notice card left indicating where item can be picked up."
@geist: i'm tempted to make some cinnamon heart vodka...or even some other forms of vodka, and figure out some fun drinks to do with them...only problem, i have nowhere to store the booze until it's ready.
i'll just stick to my candy coated boozy drinks. speaking of which, i'm attempting to make cherry bounce. i just started steeping the cherries in jars. i won't know if i'm successful until december.
yeah, that part was unexpected and quite a bit less than pleasant.
pissing lava. sounds like fun
yes, it was ceazy hot. i was pissing lava the next day. yay for getting the others!! it's a fun game. i've only played once, but i enjoyed it. we only used the core box (except when i had to dig out extra sin dice). i played as sloth with corrupt hobos, and i won.
@bakhan: hopefully my to:7s is waiting for me when i get home. i wasn't able to make it to myth games on friday, so can't give a report as to what it is like. hopefully sometime this week i can go check it out. going to try for tomorrow...but no guarantee.
glad you had fun on your birthday bakhan. mine is in two weeks. i'm going to head up to philly and stay overnight. when i last visited, i went to a shop on broad street but noticed a lot of mom and pop stores were around. since it was november and i was freezing, i swore i would come back someday and to some proper shopping.
hey you crazy kittens! i took today off as my birthday day off. yesterday was fun, didn't do too much just hung around. which was nice. it always feels like i'm so busy lately. i got my to:7s ks today, which was a nice bonus! i am now going to be painting for the rest of my life! there's so much stuff! hope you're all having a great day! @lz, so was it as hot as you'd thought it would be? ;) @geist, thank you! my wife gave me some bday dough, so i'm finally getting a book case for my kitchen! i've been wanting one for years, for my cookbooks and cool kitchen trinkets! i'm going to get it this afternoon! ;)
@lz: but your insides are now melted
good morning, all! i survived eating the chocolate bhutla!
days where you get very little sleep(huge windstorm picked up at about 3am today, the breeze felt nice so i didn't close my window...until almost 5am - i get up a 5:45) are so much fun. especially when you are trying to get stuff done accurately....yet people aren't sending it in properly.
morning/almost afternoon kittens
morning kittens.
my former/current roommate collin and i just reeled in the semester by watching the room in all its glory, then the everything wrong with for it as well as all of the imdb trivia! that was well worth wasting an entire night of my life! that movie is just as bad as you may have heard it is. it's beautiful!
wait, whoa, what?! maple bacon brittle with hot sauce for you if it's your birthday!
happy birthday bakhan! hope it was a joyous one for you.
wait, nobody commented anything at all?!  oh, it's saturday. usually someone checks in just once though. oh well, nothing lost. i mean even i was unable!
sorry i've been away, forgot to take my laptop (or indeed anything) home with me last night! just left it all in the dorm. cool place, though. nice to be here, though now i have to set everything up again...
and that's what you get for making me catch up on a full page of comments (since i have time this time): a huge shopping list of responses! ` also, found that rita's in lincoln; i got a bad combination, so it wasn't as heavenly, nor was it 100+ degrees as i ate it relaxing after walking around a full city all day in a heat index of 111, so it wasn't pure food-of-the-gods by just being ice, but i know i'll be going back there regularly! it's way off of campus, a short ways out of my way going home, but i won't be able to resist!
oh wow, a full page of comments in one day?! that hasn't happened in awhile! ` holy crap, am i the only non-super-backer?!  oh, i guess lz isn't either, but then again, he's a creator. i'm the least supportive of anyone here! ` mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... poutine.......... ` lz, the beginning would work best as otherwise it'd be way out of my way. the only thing i've wondered about is where i'd park my car for most of a week. once i get my class syllabi, though, i should better be able to judge what i'll miss if i go on this adventure to the northern lands. ` rod "bakhan" mitchell superbacker about 6 hours ago   "@geist,... butter tarts are a canadian thing, do you guys even desert?" last i checked, bakhan, america had quite a bit more desert than canada! ` lz, mmmmmm... shooflypie! i was just in amish country, pennsylvania. that stuff is literally everywhere there! my grandma had a slice at every meal while there! ` you have to get arbys sandwiches with the horse-radish and arby's sauce mixed on them! those things together make something beautiful!  mmmm.... meat mountain... i haven't thought about that in awhile. i've never had it somehow! ` uh oh, is gm down with the sickness?! don't go towards the light!
cue the billy joel because iiiiiiii'm moved out already. i meant to make that joke before i left, but i ran out of time this morning. jeez, is it really my third year? holy crap, this campaign ran during the second half of my first year! wow. it's been so long already. i miss being a little kid when time dragged on.
maybe the cheese on your beef 'n' cheddar was off? ;)
i haven't noticed a change.
@gm, i haven't noticed it looking any different....
...is it just me, or did ks change the fonts for the comments/updates?
i mostly went for the loaded curly fries...but they came with a "free" sandwich, so i had to get a meal...regretting it now.
i can't remember the last time i went to an arby's. probably because there isn't one in the d.c. area.
@gm, agreed, the beef 'n' cheddar is good for the first bite, and then it kind of congeals in not so nice ways... ;) i always just get the medium roast beef, its quite filling and with the arby's sauce, so tasty!
@lz, we don't get a lot of products in canada because we require them to have bi-lingual packaging.  even though only a small percentage of candians even speak / read french...  a lot of companies can't be bothered.  the funny thing is, that in france, they don't have the same silly rules. hence, i blame the french! ;)
that's why i generally stick with the plain roast beef. the meat mountain is pretty good, too. that's a $10 secret menu item.
i now remember why i don't eat at arby's much...their beef n' cheddar are rather disgusting by the time you get to the last bite.
i always thought canadians kept the butter tart goodness all for themselves. :-p i am so looking forward to tasting all of the maple goodness that canada has to offer. i'm going to gain 20 lbs in the short time i'm there.
i know you were joking :-) blaming the french is a good strategy. shoo fly pie is made with flour, brown sugar, ginger, molasses, and allspice. it's yummy stuff
@lz, just kidding of course, and nope, i've never tried a shoo fly pie, probably delish though!  i've had many the delectible dessert when i've visited down there for sure. ;)  its just hard to imagine that with the wealth of awesome things you guys have that we don't, that we have anything you don't.  its hard to understand unless you've lived it i guess...  growing up as a kid i'd see commercials for all kinds of things, get excited about them, and then find out nope, not in canada.  i blame the french! ;)
we dessert! have you ever had shoo fly pie?
@gm, yep, congrats on circling the sun for another year!  whoo hoo! ;)
@geist, i haven't even thought of flapper pie for years! butter tarts are a canadian thing, do you guys even desert? i was thinking of making some nanimo bars though...
@bakhan: yeah, i never advertise my birthday(i actually did an experiment for a few years where i had my dob hidden on fb, i could count the number of people who remembered on one hand), as i don't particularly see it as anything special, just another day that i didn't fall over dead.
@bakhan: what about butter tarts? or flappers pie?
although, speaking of hot chocolate, i do have something in mind for the chocolate bhutlahs when i grow some. it will be a very hot dessert sauce involving chocolate with hints of cherry and vanilla, and a couple other things. it will be called lilith's kiss.
@gm, two of my co-workers are taking me, its not a whole office thing by any means.  i don't tend to advertize my b-day.  i hate the typical b-day shinanigans, offers of toxic b-day cake, etc.
@lz, hehe, well, i'd feel bad for you but... you're just outta reach.... ;)
now i'm hungry
@lz, there is poutine in your future! i'm planing a mini-taste of canada for you guys, including but not limited to poutine, cheese soup, and maple bacon brittle!
i'm looking forward to having some poutine. oh, and zem, if you can meet us someplace along the way, we can carpool the rest of the way. someplace along the way can also refer to the beginning.
@bakhan: there are only 2 people in on my side of the office, myself and our us benefits administrator. for the others, well, two are working from home, one is a sales guy that is almost never in the office, one doesn't work on friday, and the last one is the vp of hr who's last day is apparently today(she is moving to a bigger company).
@gm, i blame the french! ;) i'm getting taken out for "chinese food" for lunch today, but who knows what tonight will bring! ;) poutine ftw!
@bakhan: i'm the same way when it comes to poutine. i've had two poutines so far this week(and thinking of getting the arby's loaded fries at lunch today....)
@geist, lol, ahhh yes i see.  normally i just go and buy a poutine, it would be way too dangerous to have the ingredients in my house, unless i wanted to be the size of my house... ;)
@gm, you'll have to let me know what its like, i've never actually been there before.  ask them some questions on painting and see what kind of answers you get.  the sentry box specialist is a total douche, with a vastly oversized ego, and nothing to back it up... ;)
@bakhan: don't you put gravy and cheese curds on your fries?
@lz, ahhh that makes sense, i would leave it up the hotness master to be in the know... ;)  good luck with that... especially tomorrow... ;)
the ghost pepper is either bhut jolokia or naga jolokia (both of those are ghosts). bhutlah is a cultivar of the bhut jolokia, but hotter. of the bhutlahs, the chocolate variety is the hottest. it's a contender for the hottest in the world. chocolate refers to it's coloration, as it's a dark brown. no actual chocolate involved.
@geist, fries? am i missing out on something? ;)  also, last year i made cayenne pepper filled chocolates, and they were a big hit!  don't knock it till you try it! ;)
@bakhan: i'm thinking of stopping off at myth games(it's near whitehorn) on the way home, and seeing if they are going to get that to bundle, if not, then at least i will know another place i can go to get paints.
@lz, thats awesome, congrats to all!  good luck with those peppers, isn't that the ghost pepper? chocolate and spicy is awesome, mole sauce is a great example!
@gm, yeah, the sentry box carries the army painter line of paints, but they wouldn't have the mega bundle set, and, the pricing is very steep.  there is no way that army painter paints should be costing the same as vallejo.  army painter, is middle of the road paint, not bad but certainly not high end like vallejo, which is what i use.  if i could get the army painter bundle for the price they've advertized, it would be worth it, but not at the prices i would have to pay. no way.
chocolate and hot peppers. just...no.
to:7s arrived yesterday, and elan started following me on kickstarter. today, my box of chocolate bhutlah peppers will be arriving, so we'll see if i survive the night...
hi, everybody!
i'll have to bring you a birthday present when i arrive in calgary. maybe a bottle of ketchup for your fries. ;-)
@bakhan: apparently there is a shop in calgary that sells those paints...however they likely wouldn't get the bundle for to:7s
happy early birthday bakhan!
@geist, thanks!
happy birthday bakhan! may you have many many more.
morning kittens.
@geist, thank jebus for the weekend! we're working on recoding some stuff over at a friends house tomorrow afternoon, then i'm having some people over to watch the last tragically hip concert ever, thats being broadcast live from kinstong ontario.  its my b-day on sunday, so i'm not too sure if there's any plans there, and i've taken monday off to extend my weekend, my present to myself! ;)  i'll probably just be enjoying some herbal refreshment and getting some minis painted up, i've been slacking off lately... ;)
howdy bakhan! weekend is practically here. got any plans since you and the mrs. have the house to yourselves again?
morning kittens!
morning kittens. it's friday, at last.
lz, i think that was the original plan from when we first developed these plans. i don't have schedules and outlines for my classes yet, so i don't know exactly how it'll look, or if i can shift things around. it's complicated, but i'll try to get it all worked out as soon as i can. if i can carpool with you if i end up being able to go, though, that'd be really helpful!
i've been to brugge! it's a very pretty town.
zem, we'll have to get that figured out before too long. we were planning on driving my crx, so we'll have to adjust plans and get the wife's car long-trip worthy if we're to carpool.
@trinkets: big changes in my life coming up. now that i'm getting a passport, i'm thinking of making short holiday trips abroad. maybe bruges to see if it's like in the movie.
trinkets, even though you've been absent awhile, i don't know that there's much you even missed! i just had an awesome vacation, but that's all with me. also i move back to university tomorrow. whee, school. fun.
shoot. looked at the academic calendar, and fall break is the 17-18th, not near halloween. however, that does make it less likely that there'll be midterms right around then, though we seem to have them every other couple weeks, which means i could skip off a bit. who knows, i may have to drive myself the whole way. hopefully it'll at least be possible.
well, lz, i don't remember what the original plan for me was, but if it was to carpool with you, i can take a rotation or two driving making it easier to do in one stretch.  still, though, no way to know quite yet if i'll be able to go in the first place, but i'm determined to unless something important is happening that week.
besides everyone heading north of the border
bakhan, so far it has been a good day, just a busy one. geist,  good to he back.  and the neck/back stuff is basically all good to go. since it's been a while, what's the new thang with everybody?
i'm super excited for the end of october. we'll be arriving on the 27th. the only question we have is whether we'll leave our house on the 26th and stop at a hotel in montana or just drive straight through in one go.
and meeting gm too. ;-)
i'm excited as well bakhan! (not that way! get your mind out of the gutter) looking forward to seeing all there is in calgary and your wife's halloween collection. eating things with maple syrup (they even have it in beer as well, don't they?) and eating at grizzly's.
howdy trinkets! how is your back doing?
@trinkets, hope you have a good day bro!
@geist, good morning! 1) whatever time works for you, i'm easy. ;) 2) i'm about 30mins away from the airport. 3) thrusday will be better for me as i will going into full cooking mode on friday for the party. 4) won't lie, pretty excited, this is going to be awesome!
good morning all. super busy today, not much time to chat.
morning bakhan. a few questions for you: how early can i be a the airport when i arrive? how far away/close are you from the airport? would arriving on thursday be better for you or friday?
morning kittens!
morning kittens.
that's one of two simon and garfunkel covers ever that lives up to the material it covers. i don't remember what the other was, but i remember it was almost as good too, but it's rare for one to even live up close to their songs.
my music knows i need a pick-me-up. ` just switched to disturbed, on shuffle, and sound of silence starts.
the hershey museum in hershey, penn. was awesome. more to the point, you can make your own chocolate bar! time to eat that beautiful piece of heart-healthiness! almost as great as the half pound reese's cakes, but obviously nowhere near that perfect.
i almost put in the same one just now. excellent choice
i just switched over to avenged sevenfold, the nightmare album.
trivium is really good stuff
i just got back to my desk, and the song i'm listening to had the perfect line... "there is no hope for the human race". also the title of the song, by trivium.
yeah, i could never put up with a company like that. you made it sound like all payroll was that bad, but i'm thinking if you went somewhere else, you'd only feel like burning down the office once a day rather than once per hour.
@gm, whem the economy picks up again, its time for a new job!  thats some shady shizzz!
because they are friends of the new ceo. some have questionable purchases on their cards, but nothing comes of it. because payroll is in canada, and nobody seems to care about that fact. hell, whenever the office is closed due to a holiday, we get angry phone messages from office staff saying that we are ignoring them....yet we send out a "this day is a holiday, and we shall be out of office as such. in an emergency, contact xxxxxx"
that's terrible! how do some of those people still have jobs?
https://youtu.be/gyb6ffmxszo
@lz: i know it's asking too much. but there are so many things that don't get sent to me that end up coming to bite me in the ass(even though i have documentation to prove it never came to me). our cfo(who happens to be the vp of finance as well) didn't know anything about the manager leaving, the vp of hr(whose last day is sometime at the end of the month) knew nothing about the manager being laid off either. ` then there is the startup in jacksonville, fl. nobody has communicated anything about who the manager is, how many guys, what the address of the place is, or anything at all. our safety team hasn't even been notified to get wcb stuff set up, any insurance, or anything.
my church put together a softball team last week. i would have gone, but i had tickets for the marilyn manson and slipknot concert. anyway, i went yesterday and learned that this isn't a church league, but an actual local recreational league. our first game is next tuesday. i got a blood blister while it was my turn to bat (i hit probably 50 balls). i should have taken my wedding ring off, as that's what gave me the blister.
you can't have my red swingline!!
gm, be careful, man! what you're saying is sounding awfully close to expecting people to do things like work, their jobs, not be lazy, etc. that's skating on thin ice while playing with fire, that is!
yeah, gm, just take a fraction of a cent off of every transaction, just like office space! it worked out for him, all you have to do is find a disgruntled employee, steal his red stapler, and then the situation will work itself out!
@gm, sounds like office space... you need to make that loop hole work for you man! retire a millionaire! ;)
@bakhan: we've had three people paid twice after they quit(both salaried), and nobody said anything. not even when the pay stubs, that go to the terminal and the admins then hand them out/mail them, showed up.
@gm, you need to find their point of pain, to get it across to them, that you need to know these things.  what are you supposed to email them daily, does this manager still work here, and still the person i report to?  if at all possible, make them hurt, they won't do it again. ;)
@trinkets, doing fairly well, issues, things, but meh, it is what it is.  sorry to hear that you had to go through that, glad to hear you have it under control again.  i think thats the real thing with getting older, is getting used to the new you... whether you like it or not! ;)
same here for communication. and we only have 9 employees.
getting real tired of the less than no communication at work. heard, through word of mouth, that a manager was let go last friday, never received official notice. until a few minutes ago, when i sent something that said manager normally would approve to the vp of us ops. so, i now have official confirmation...the day that i need the item approve. -.-
enough about me.  how's everyone else?
hey gang. things are going good. finally. had some setbacks with my neck/back issues. life got hard for a bit. finally got myself picked back up and put together.  nothing like about 5 months of pain and suffering.
morning kittens. wow! a wild trinkets sighting!
@trinkets, whoot!  how's it going bro! good to see you!
@zem, no shame in getting tired behind the wheel, it happens.  better that you did the responsible and smart thing by not trying to push it.  people die that way bro!  glad you enjoyed it!
morning kittens!
aw snap! i missed trinkets? dang. how you been trinkets?
howdy, trinkets! i was here during extreme heat and wifi outages while on a roadtrip. your inevitable excuse is invalid. welcome back! stay awhile! how's life been treating you? can i get you some tea or something?
geist, zem, gm, lz, bakhan.......glad to see everyone still here.
good to be back!
home sweet reliable wi-fi!
i hate having constant pictures taken as well. which is lots of fun on a roadtrip/reunion with my mom... ` my parents always made sure to have our passports just in case we ever wanted them. it's come in handy a few times, and i'm 99.ten% certain mine is in our office. i'm just not certain if i'll be able to get all the necessary time off (i could, but i don't know how many classes i'll miss) or if i'll be able to drive to wherever it has or will be decided i'll rendezvous with a carpool. at least now i know i can drive there easily! ;) seriously, i drove from 10:30 pm until after 8 am with only one stop to get gas. i'm sure everyone here has their own story to trump mine, but i'm actually disappointed; i wanted to make it all the way back home! i was more than 2/3 of that stretch and only had to get past iowa! i was hoping the sun would come up and wake me up, and i maintain that if it had half an hour earlier, i could have made it most of the way through iowa, if not all!
home at last! we decided it wasn't worth stopping last night, so we just drove all the way here. more accurately, i drove most of the way here; 11 of the 17 hours total from hershey, penn. to home in nebraska.  here's the cool part: we stopped for gas at 10:30, i took back over just following a half hour nap, that's it, after getting tired from driving the first time. i drove until i got tired again, 9 1/2 hours later, not all peaceful interstate driving either. i finished off pennsylvania, then ohio, indiana, illinois, and just into iowa! the only state i didn't drive in was nebraska! though i just got a few miles into iowa, and this is a funny part: when i started to notice i was falling asleep at the wheel, i picked the first stop with a gas station i could find. it just happened to randomly be the exit my grandparents had stayed the night at, so we went and said hi to them! so yeah, 9 1/2 hours straight through 6 or 7 really heavy rain squalls, most hitting just as i got to a 30+ mile 45mph construction zone just behind a semi. not the most pleasant of conditions. that and an i-80 detour that disappeared halfway through so you had to find your own stressful way through chicago to get to it at 2:30 am.  ` so yeah, half an hour of sleep since early yesterday and i drove a hell of a ways through some stressful times over 9 1/2 hours. time for a nap! another nap i mean. i've been napping since i stopped driving.
donate it to the kcc account?
@gm, i know what they should do with it... ;)
some people have more money than they know what to do with.
it never fails to amaze me how many uber rich people live in calgary.  i just finished a quotation for a snowmelt project that the home owners decided to add onto their project, after the foundation had already been poured.  it took me over a week to design it, and it will cost them $14000 more than if it was planned originally because i had to work around the outside of their house! crazy!
@geist: don't forget to do it with a true edged sword.
as much as i like twd, i'm royally pissed that penny dreadful is not gonna be on the air anymore. that show was everything! action, romance, mystery, sexy. but season 1875 of some housewife or kardashian show is still going strong. i swear, sometimes i want to smack the human race upside the head.
i'm not sure when i got my first one, but i know it was at least 10-15 years ago. only used it on the one trip, and it expired.
i didn't get my first passport till i was 35 so, it is what it is.  if i lived in the states, i could see not needing one either... ;)
@geist, catch up, catch up! so much goodness in store for you! i can't wait till next season, i swear its only getting better/worse, depending on your point of view... ;)
@geist: i'm further behind than you. i keep meaning to start watching it...but other things catch my attention and i soon get side tracked.
@bakhan: i am a fan of the show but i'm currently two seasons behind. i'll have to catch up sometime this month or next month.
oh good. i'm not the only one who is getting a passport for the first time. some people i told that too gave me the stank eye.
@lz, yeah! passports to good times and maple bacon brittle! whoot!
@geist, last year we did that amc walking dead haunted house at universal.  don't know if you're a fan of the show so i won't spoil it, but its based on the terminus setting.  my wife screamed her head off, my friend and i were laughing all the way! ;) it was great!
our passports came yesterday!
sorry, geist. that really sucks! walking dead attraction sounds awesome.
zombies! do you know that universal studios has a brand spanking new walking dead attraction? it's one that you walk though and it's suppose to make you feel like you are in the tv show.
@geist, well i'll tilt a tall one for you anyways, and many zombies will die tonight in your honour! ;) when you get up here, i'll have to regain my tollerance so i probably won't be able to keep up, but i'll try! ;)  plus, cookies. ;)
lol@bakhan: don't go ruining your liver for little ole me. not before i can get to canada anyway. ;-)
@gesit, i'm so sorry, i know how much this meant to you! i know what its like to go for that brass ring only to have it pulled further away as you're reaching.  long range hugs don't really work, but what about long range binge drinking? ;)
@geist: sorry to hear it didn't work out. just need to keep pushing to get to where you want to be in life. never give up, that's the first step to getting stuck in a rut.
thanks bakhan. i was crying half the night and most of this morning. it's like a cruel joke has been played on me.
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
@geist, i'm so sorry to hear that! we were rooting for you all the way.  don't give up, and don't give in, there's always the next opportunity waiting just around the corner.  i know that doesn't mean much, but long distance hugs are pretty hard to accomplish.  hang in there, it may seem bleak now, but its always darkest before the dawn!
morning kittens, it's with a heavy heart that i report that despite passing every test, i didn't get the prize that i was hoping for. i can only guess at why i didn't get it but i don't think i'll ever know. shit, this sucks.
you're a good man gm, i knew there was a reason i liked you! ;)
i even told my parents to do what they want with their money(my sister agreed with me as she was also in the room), and that i don't expect anything, at least anymore. there was one time where my bills were higher than my income(was working very part time - less than 15 hours a week) that i needed financial assistance from them. it was a loan, and i'm almost done paying them back for it. interest included.
@gm, thats awesome, and as i far as i can tell, the way its supposed to be! that was really nice of your grandma to help you guys out with some money.  i know that they prefer to see how you guys spend it, and the benefits it brings now, rather than after they pass.  it sounds like you had / have some really special grandparents!
@bakhan: my grandma left each of her children(all 5 of them), as far as i can tell, equal shares. and as far as my mom knows, she is the only one that passed some of the on to her children. i didn't expect anything(hoped for a queen size bed, got it - meant no more double bed for a 6'4" man to sleep on), but my mom wrote us each a check. my other grandma, who is still with us, decided randomly to give each of the grandchildren a check. that was a pleasant surprise, helped me get some bills in order.
before my grandparents passed, i told them to do with their money as they pleased.  i watched for too many years them holding that inheritance over my parents heads.  i saw what that did to their relationship over time, and it wasn't pretty.  i always resented the fact that they did that.  when they started trying to do that to me, i gently told them i wasn't interested in playing that game.  they ended up willing their money to their church, my sister and i didn't get a penny of it, and i think we're better off without that greed money.  i need money to live, but i don't live for money.  i like to get nice things, but i don't need them.  the love of a good women is critical, and i have that.  good friends are critical, and i have that.  the rest, meh!
@geist and @bakhan: i don't talk to 90% of my mom's side of the family because they were fighting over who got what out of my grandma's house before she passed. and my one aunt(who is retired) was demanding that she got the car, to help get my grandma around(she was taking my grandma out to vancouver to take care of her), but everyone knew she wanted to just sell it.
@lz, aren't power outages fun?!  i remember one business trip where the power went out over night, somehow i actually woke up on time, and had to shower and shave by the light of my laptop, that was good times! ;)
@geist, i'm sorry to hear that, family can be tough.  why do people fight about money?  i'm realatively certain that the reason my sister won't talk to me is jealousy.  i married a doctor, so i'm stuck up i guess? who knows, it wasn't me who stopped returning phone calls.  i tried calling them 4 times last year, and they never even returned my messages.  it makes me sad because i miss my neices, but i've probably been demonized to them by now anyways.  oh well, i guess it just wasn't meant to be.
@lz: we had our power flicker last night too! it literally just flickered, for a second, which still caused my ps4 and tv to shut off.
my big fun over the weekend was the power going out last night, which meant i got to shower and shave by candle light.
@bakhan: yes. i've completely split from all of my family. after all of the accusations of me trying to take all of my grandmother's money, i decided to cut off all contact. as far as i'm concerned, i'm an orphan.
i don't shop at walmart. if you see me in there, it's because i'm with someone else and i didn't feel like waiting in the car. at least costco pays its workers a decent wage.
@gm, oh i hear that, i hate getting my picture taken, a lot! i was just meaning that, its nice to have family of your own.  my mom and dad are both gone, and my sister and her family have decided to stop talking to me, so my family consists of my wife's family now, and they're cool and all, but they will never feel like my family.  does that make sense?
@bakhan: none of my siblings or i like getting our pictures taken. we're basically doing it to get our mom to stop pestering us for one.
wow, sounds like you guys had some great weekends! @gm, family photos aren't so bad, it means you've got family (that you actually want to be seen with...)! ;) @geist, i totally agree, if we don't support the little guys, we're looking for more "walmarts and costco's", and who wants that! not me, thats for sure! i support local, when i can afford to and when i can.  one of the reasons why i like kickstarter. ;)
it was sweltering this weekend. despite this, i still ventured out and went to a sidewalk sale in virginia. gotta support small independent businesses. found some interesting book finds and knitting patterns that were on sale.
morning kittens. @bakhan: it wasn't too bad. aside from being woken up for no reason(that i could see/hear) around 4am both sat and sun morning. other than that, rather relaxing for the most part. then today, we have family photos(oh joy!) at 7 tonight.
i hope everyone had a good weekend, me, well i survived! the in-laws will be gone by the time i get home at least.  the worst thing for me is company on a sunday.  thats my day to recharge and get things done around the house.  so i'm pretty tired today, they take it out of me, thats for sure.
morning kittens!
morning kittens
i nearly died yesterday. heat index of 111 f, 44c, in very large part humidity, and we walked and walked and walked in the sun for 8 hours, but don't worry, we walked the rest of the day until 9 pm as well, just not constantly. i drank easily over a gallon of water. i think i somehow kept myself just shy of the brink of dehydration, which is really good. other than that, i had a great time! philly is actually a great place to explore, just not on a record-heat-index-setting day. and i've walked half as much in much worse conditions, but yesterday really tried me. it was 93 at 10pm yet again. which reminds me: corrections: he was my 4th cousin and the fiirst night it was 95 at 10 pm. changes everything, i'm sure.
if i hadn't eaten over a full week's worth of food in the last 4 days or so, i would absolutely be salivating at the food in these comments! as it is, mostly buffets and/or overly-plentiful food at least 3 times a day, i feel sick even without thinking of meatloaf. i've had so much of that that i can only have a couple servings of a good meatloaf before it starts riding on me. it goes from absolute heaven to "oh dear god please no more meatloaf seriously i'm gonna be sick" pretty quickly if i"m not careful.
gm, yeah, my entire maternal extended family gets along beautifully. we were talking about how we couldn't even fathom being in one of those families where you don't even see your first cousins for decades, and when you do it's only because they're meeting the same grandparents for a random holiday. i'm so unbelievably lucky with my family. and that's not even to say my paternal side is cold and distant, it's almost as close!
oh dear god, why did we have to come to philly on the worst part of a heat wave?! the 3 days we're here, forecasts to the lovely tune of 97, 98, and 98! beautiful. it was 95 at 9pm today! and we're walking all up and down the historic district all day tomorrow. how fun! but don't worry; it starts to cool off the day we leave, so that's pleasant. at least we won't be here for nearly a week of rain according to the forecast. at least my abnormal sweatiness fits in now. did i mention no air conditioning in the house we're couchsurfing in? hell of alot of fans, though, luckily!
bacon, meatloaf & beer together? you really don't want me to leave canada when i visit, do you?
the best part about working on most higher end restaurants, and not a chain one, is that the kitchen staff usually get to eat anything(within reason - so no seafood) for free. and they can make whatever they want.
@gm, well at least there was some sort of an upside to that job... ;)
@bakhan: it was something that we had when i worked at the last restaurant...function of 70+ people ordered the meatloaf for everyone for lunch, only like 25-30 showed up. so we couldn't let it go to waste. the chef cut the remained up, and did what i described below. now, the meatloaf itself is normally served with a mushroom demi glace, and green beans. but we just had one of those industrial sized salad mixing bowls filled with the stuff. none of the staff went home hungry that day(nobody had to pay for it either, since it was already paid for by the function).
@gm, you're going to hell for that one! ;) it could happen!  i'm thinking of an appetizer size.  make your bacon wrapped meatloaf as thin as you can maybe 3/4" thick when wrapped (like a hamburger steak), then pin it with tooth picks and cut into cubes.  coat in beer batter, deep fry and toss in lz's madcow sauce... sweet jebus!
wrapped*
@bakhan and @geist: bacon wrapper meatloaf, fried in beer batter, then tossed in hot sauce.
@geist, have you ever had bacon wrapped meatloaf? seriously so good!
bacon wrapped  chicken? *drools* oh man. that sounds like heaven. probably taste like it too
@gm, they either were running out, or they got greedy, probably the latter... >.> oh well, at least you had a good time!
@bakhan: initially, the menu that was in the metro earlier this week said it was "bbq jerk wings" for 2 tickets. get there today, and it was "bbq jerk wing" for 2 tickets. they had taken either a black sharpie and coloured over the s, or put a piece of black board over it.
@gm, yeah, no doubt.  some year i'd like to go, just to even see what they have cookin! ;) $1 per wing is just crazy! should have had at least 3 for that cost, imo.
@bakhan: they had quite a bit. but each ticket cost $1, and some of the items were not quite worth what it would have been(i was going to try the bbq jerk wing...but $2 for 1 wing is a bit too much).
@gm, hmmm seems like standard (if not delicious) fair, didn't they have anything exciting or different? homemade ginger ale sounds awesome!
@bakhan: oh! i also had a home made ginger ale. it was delicious!
@bakhan: i had some bacon wrapped chicken, steak bites, a slice of "johnny g" pizza(essentially a meat lovers pizza), and the mini-dots ice cream things.
@gm, what'd you get?
@geist, good luck with everything, we're rooting for you!
@geist: three of us from work went to a food event that's happening this weekend(taste of calgary), that killed an hour....and for $20(got us 20 sample tickets - most things cost 2-5 tickets) we each came back full.
@gm: take a quick walk outside. i did. it helped kill 30 minutes. now i have a whole 5 hours more before i can go home.
@geist: great, now it's going to go even slower. :p
@gm & bakhan: thanks for the advice. i'll know (hopefully) by sunday if i have to burn that bridge. i got the match standing by.
can this day go by any slower?
i don't want to adult today either...my boss is having me train doing a north dakota wcb audit...i would much rather be wandering around aimlessly...catching pokémon.
i'm of a split mind today.  i don't want to be at work, everything is annoying me.  i don't want to go home, my wife is busy getting the house ready for her parents arrival tomorrow (yay...).  can we just skip to sunday afternoon? ;)
the good news is we are getting our solar panels installed today.
i don't want to adult today. in fact, i think i'd rather not today today. i'll today tomorrow instead, okay?
...just realized my spelling mistake. that should be came, not cam.
morning kittens. ` @zem: sounds like your family reunions are better than mine. we tend to be in the same vicinity, but most don't even talk to each other. ` also, i'm not sure why i cam into work today. i have absolutely nothing to do.
@zem, glad you're having fun!
good morning kittens!
holy cow, the internet sucks. who would've thought the internet wouldn't be a priority in amish-ville, middle of pennsylvania? :p ` met even more family today. this whole trip is family; good thing we all are close, much more fortunate than many a family. my third cousin whom i only just met, though, has offered to be a great guide for downtown and historic philly, so that's really good! having fun so far.  funny how my once-a-day correspondence is taking on the role of a blog, though i'm not the first to keep people updated like this.
@lz, congrats! we still have no idea as to whats going on with the canada boat... not that i'm really ready for it yet, still too much z:bp to paint... ;)
gm, that's rough. the good news is that to:7s should arrive at my house on wednesday!
who knows. i tend to be oblivious to if a girl likes me, and usually when i do notice, it's way too late. with this one though, i'm not sure if she was even interested, and she's been gone from the company ~2.5hours.
@gm, *shakes head* gm, gm, gm... what are we going to do with you man! ;)
for us, they let go one of the hr people(the one that's around my age, single, and hot as hell!! - and i was too stupid to get her number long ago...), so you can just feel the lack of moral around the office.
@gm, i'm with you! we just got told yesterday that we aren't getting any raises for at least a year, and that basically we're lucky to have jobs. i'm of the mind that they're lucky they still have employees... >:(
someone end the day...or better yet the week. you walk around the office today and you can feel how gloomy it is without even looking at anyone.
@geist, thats opportunity cost at its finest for you.  you can do a or b, but not a and b.  i think that in the end you have to do whats best for you, for a few reasons.  firstly, if you don't accept the new and good thing, it may make you bitter towards the bridge unburned, and in the end you'll just feel trapped anyways.  secondly, whats good for you, is whats good for those around you, and the people that care for you.  looking out for yourself isn't selfish, its actually putting yourself in a better position to help out and do more things because you aren't struggling with hating where you are and feeling poorly because you didn't take a chance.  in the end, its not the things that we tried and failed that haunt us, its the things we never tried.  i wish you the best of luck with your decision, and your choice.  think on it, if it weren't important, it wouldn't be bugging you.  it may sound cheesy, but physically write out a pro's / con's list, sometimes seeing things in writting makes them more obvious.  i also find that the act of writting it out helps my thought process, when you're struggling to find pro's, its pretty obvious what to do.  i wish i had better advice for you!  sending positive vibes your way!
@geist: sometimes it's necessary to burn a few bridges to get ahead in life. as unfortunate as it is, sometimes it really helps you in the end.
@bakhan: let me put it this way, something good might happen to me in a few days but if i accept it, it means that i will be burning a bridge. i don't want to do this but i'm thinking of my future and i have to do what is right as far as that is concerned. i had no way of predicting how this situation would turn out. i wish things would have worked out better.
@geist, oooh that doesn't sound good! whats up?
why does life have to make things complicated? why can't it just be frigging simple?
morning kittens.
@creeper, heya! doing fairly not too bad, and you? hows the baking going? how much fun was playing giant ek with elan? ;)
morning kittens!
hi kittens!  how is everyone?
went on a scavenger hunt over the neighboring area for facts (and lots of cemeteries) of our family history (did i mention i'm at a big family reunion?). also thinking about starting up a great game of axis&allies tonight if i can get people together. apparently, though, i might be related to molly pitcher! cool stuff. also, 4 kids once died in 3 weeks of a diphtheria outbreak. fun stuff. we made a really dark joke about it, though the context would be lost repeating it here. let's just say it had to do with how they fit 6 bodies in one grave... ;)
i don't have throwing knives, though my brother does, but if i had the money, i'd have a pretty damn splendiforous weapons collection. i do have some nice knives, and from the last national scout jamboree, i brought home some tomahawks and... oh wait! some throwing knives too! haha, can't believe i forgot! lol. and a lasso and a whip. never got a target set up for them, though; they're so much fun to throw!
i just looked at the bottom of the container, and it was rice. we had rice with both. completely forgot we had butter chicken in the freezer still(wonder if there is more....)
ooh, butter chicken > porkchops! nice one!
well, that was a pleasant surprise for my lunch. what i thought was pork chop, turned out to be butter chicken.
fer sure, eh?!
thanks, eh!
oh, and good use of eh!, eh?
@lz, yeah, i don't think you'll have any issues, i was more thinking of geist on that one.  ;)
back to bringing the maple bacon brittle home, i guess it's worth mentioning that we'll be driving, eh?
@gm, well to be fair, its not that i don't like them, they're nice enough, its just that i would rather have my weekend to with as i please.  just being selfish i suppose.
that's one thing i'm (half) happy about. i don't have in-laws that i don't like. at least, for now.
@gm, that sounds awesome, i hope you guys have a good time! my in-laws are coming this weekend, so it will be zero fun for me.... :(
i can't wait for friday. going to taste of calgary with people from work. going to be an amazing time. good food, good company(hopefully more than just the four of us actually planning on going).
@bakhan: sounds about right.
@gm, ah one of those discount store specials?  i've seen the type before.  i have seen lots of throwing knife sets, the problem is that most of them aren't actually ballanced for throwing! ;)  at the end of the day, i look at the cost difference between a good practicle set and the cost of a sword, and then i wind up just spending the money on ks... wait, wut? ;)
@bakhan: i actually don't have any daggers. i do have throwing knives(very crappy ones), but don't know where they went. and the brace to hold them was designed for the wrist/forearm, and doesn't work well.
@gm, lol! ;) thats one thing i actually don't have any of, throwing knives, but i do have one small dagger... ;) in the st. georges style (dragon handle).
@bakhan: *goes to return the daggers and throwing knives....*
@zem, lol, well i strongly discourage people from bringing real weapons to my party... mostly because it makes me jealous and i'll go grab some of mine! i did mention i have a sword/weapons collection right?  seriously though, props are cool, but i don't like having to hang onto them, or keep track of them.  that and drunk / otherwise inebriated people and weapons (even fake ones) tend to lead to people trying to bash each other with them, in my house, which of course is a no no. ;)
morning kittens!
morning kittens.
also, there're some tim hortons here in pennsylvania. we may have to go back to one while we have the chance. reminds me that i found those all-flavor lays chips awhile back. not my all-time favorite (hard to beat the original lays), but they were pretty good! and poutine chips even once! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.... poutine!!!
just from the little i read past: bakhan, when i used to use the angel of death costume, we have 2 actual scythes i could choose from! probably not worth the trouble of trying to bring a huge blade across the border. ` bella's leaving? aaw. well, watson is indeed a much bigger and better thing. ` sold out? yeah, glad i pre-ordered mine, though that means it'll probably ship to my house while we're still gone for awhile. ` mmmmmm... brittle!
who would name a village bird-in-hand?! either way, at a big family reunion of the past 4 generations' worth of family. pretty nice place, though the wifi sucks for the most part in the hotel. at least someone brought axis&allies! now we'll be able to waste 3 days' worth of otherwise talking to people.
@bakhan: checked luggage or carry on?  i would divide mine half and half. that i might lose some but not all.
i'd say just pack it in your luggage, and if they find it just say you forgot.  i wouldn't think of it as smuggling, there is no cash value per se.  its priceless! ;)
due to it coming from canada, there is less chance they will end up taking it away. but, you never know what will make them decide to take it.
don't suppose mailing to myself would work
i was figuring i could smuggle it, if nothing else.
i remember coming back from las vegas and i completely forgot that i had some sort of flavored mayo in my carry on bag. airport security flagged me and i lost a yummy snack.
i just wasn't sure because it has "meat" in it if that would complicate things or not? it sounds like it should be okay.  i just don't like the idea that security could confiscate it and eat it themselves! ;)
for the most part food like that isn't confiscated. and most of the time, if you claim it, they just say "whatever, keep going". at least, that's what happened when i was on my last cruise and bought some rum cakes.
i'm with lz. i'm willing to risk taking back some of that sweet sweet goodness.
@lz, yay! i just wanted to have something for you guys to take back with you, a mini heist, if you will... ;)
yes, i'm sure we can get that through security.
@gm, our nation can call it a national treasure, after they pay me for it, all they want! ;) i wanted to make a couple of packs that our american kittens could take home with them for later.  feeling down, maple bacon brittle says otherwise! ;)
@bakhan: you're going to play with our national treasure like that? you do like to live dangerously. ;)
@geist, i can't wait to make some short bread, or maybe we can do chocolates? either way, there will be plenty of maple bacon brittle.  if i seal some up for you and lz & co, in vacuum packs, do you think you could take some home with you?  will it make it past security?
morning kittens. regarding the expansion, i'm holding off on it for a bit. already have enough stuff on order for now.
i waited too late and missed out. oh well. as i can get some maple bacon brittle and short bread cookies, i can wait until they reissue it again.
i sure hope that i have the expansion for when you guys come up!
@geist, good thing i got my pre-order in the first day a canadian could... ;)
good morning kittens!
i wish bella all the best in her new position. did you guys know that the ek expansion pack is sold out on amazon?
...good thing i brought my jacket today. too bad i left my hat at home.
yeah. she'll be an engagement leader for ibm watson in san francisco.
oh, thats too bad... is she moving on to bigger things?
i just learned that bella is leaving ek
geist, that last one made me clench my legs together so hard, i don't think i'll be able to walk properly until tomorrow. ouchie!!
lol! what is going on here!?! geist and lz come back to comment today and it gets into fetishes... hmmm mmm. ;)
there are some really weird fetishes out there i don't mean to sound gross but there was a documentary/reality show called "pimps up, hoes down". the director would interview prostitutes and some of their johns. one john's kink was having pins slowly stuck through his skin flute. *shivers*
it's true. there are some really weird fetishes out there.
@geist: some may enjoy it, you never know what people will enjoy
nailing teats? ouch! that would hurt. :-p
@lz, lol, i'm not sure if she would have appreciated that are not, you never know! ;)
heh, i almost called the tests teats.
indeed, bakhan. best of luck, geist! you'll nail those tests!
@lz, good morning sir!  i know you were going to already, but i thought i'd remind you to wish geist good luck on her tests! ;)
that's like with suicide squad. went and saw it last night. there were parts that could have been left out, but in all, it was a good movie. aside from leto playing the joker. that was terrible.
okay, i need to wake up. as i was saying: that nonsense about skipping the first 30 minutes of the killing joke is because it takes about that long to get to what's in the book. however, the stuff that isn't in the book is still worth watching.
ok, so that nonsense about skipping
@geist: best of luck! you're got the entire kc behind you!
@gm, sorry to hear about the rough start to your day! hopefully it will turn around for you.  now, make sure you wish geist good luck with her tests! ;)
morning kittens. nothing like waking up(late because when you restart your phone the alarm doesn't re-initialize), feeling like you're going to throw up, then getting a gushing(like someone turned on the faucet full blast) bleeding nose before you step into the shower....then still going into work because people need to get paid...i just want to go back to bed(was also sweating like crazy on the train today)
@geist, kc power go! ;) all the best with your tests, we're all rooting for you!  i know you can do, you know you can do, so, go do it! ;) kick some ass geist, there's extra maple bacon brittle in it for you!
@zem, no worries, we've got a plastic scythe that you could use (or two...)! ;)  seriously, outside of a costume shop you rarely see the kind of halloween costume / accessories collection that my wife has aquired. ;)
morning kittens. need some kc power this morning. i've got two test to pass and if i do, than my nightmare is over. plus it will guarantee that i make it to the disney/universal studios halloween celebrations next year.
oh great, gm has a good point: costumes. if i end up being able to go, i'll probably do the angel of death, one of my favorites to do and one of the simplest, though i probably won't be able to bring a scythe across the border for obvious reasons. ;)
howdy, folks! sorry i couldn't get on the last 2 days, been pretty busy. we're in southern illinois staying with my mom's cousin, and yesterday was pretty awesome; we went caving in a really good, but also extremely muddy, cave. then went straight from there to watching said cousin race those full-powered go-karts. so far, this trip is pretty cool.
good luck to my canadian friends. i watched part of the opening ceremony of the olympics last night. loved a lot of the outfits i saw that night.
some people have really weird "nicknames". i just got new hire documents for a guy with the nickname bacon.
@lz, yeah, best to cut him some slack, a new home and a journey man exam, a little stressful! ;) re: whiners, that plus, the cost of admission to gencon! ;)
yeah, the whiners just need to remember that everyone who can buy to:7s before they get their ks rewarda will have to pay an extra $25 for each sin beyond the base two. it makes it worth the wait, in my opinion.
i'm still waiting on the new logo. i'll be lighting a fire under the artist this weekend. he just moved into the first house he's ever bought, and he has his practical tomorrow in order to become a journeyman plumber. i've been easy on him because of all the stress that comes with those.
i could be wrong, but not entirely sure.
@gm, wow, really? >.> quite surprised by that actually.
@bakhan: i don't think phil has read the books, i don't think he reads much actually.
@gm, that sounds cool, i think only you and i will know anything about that character, maybe phil, but i'm not sure he's read the malazan books? ;) either way though, it will be awesome!
@lz, they are ignoring the fact its a cmon ks... always late, always poor communication, always available to buy somewhere before you get it, and always lots of fun with tons of kse!  oh well... hows the sauce coming along?
@bakhan: i was going to take inspiration(mostly how he has his knives) and make my own outfit from there. @lz: but that requires thinking on the part of the sheeple.
people are freaking out about to:7s?! are they ignoring the part where most of the ships were slated to arrive in port within the last week and that it then takes a couple of weeks to get to the hubs, and then another week or two to ship from the hub? we're still a good month or three from panic time.
@gm, that might require some sewing, or hunting for particular items.  either way, it shouldn't be too hard.  it also depends on which version of him you are going with, pre or post claw? pre or post shadow realm? there are a lot of different ways to go.   you could always go easier with an assassins costume, like for assassins creed for example.
mine is taking inspiration from kalam in the malazan books. :p
well, if you ever wanted to talk to a halloween expert, you could always ask my wife, not only will she most likely have an answer for you, but she probably has done/found whatever it is you're looking for.  no lie, she has over 1000 costumes! ;)
i have a sort tentative plan in mind, it's just a matter of figuring out how, and if, i can put it together.
if you're looking for inspiration, take a trip over to the costume shoppe on blackfoot s.e., they have a metric ton of costumes that you can rent or buy, in pretty much anything or any style you can think of!  i got my vampire fangs there, and a really cool articulated ring that covers my whole index finger!  its nice and evil! you should be able to find something, or at least get inspired by something there.  i know!  you could go as a cat wearing a prisoner uniform, you could be the kitten con! ;)
there are some i really can't be patient with...but others i know will take quite some time before they do show up. ` on another note...i have come to the conclusion that i have no idea what to dress as for halloween. that, and friday's are almost always a write off.
i do love the unexpected factor myself!  sometimes its like christmas! ;)
i'm not really following most of the comment sections for things. i end up getting the surprise of it showing up at my house, and that makes me a bit happy.
@gm, good moring sir!  so it seems people have started losing their minds over on to:7s... happens everytime.  when will people learn? ;)
morning kittens.
morning kittens! i can see the weekend and i just dgaf! ;)
i ate nothing at all today and then a buffet. bad idea; you can't eat as much, or at least will feel super sick. still, would absolutely do again. also finally got my hair cut. it was a productive day. ` now to just leave really early tomorrow morning... hope i don't drive first.
but, now that i finished finding the reason for a bunch of discrepancies between our two payroll systems, time for me to go home.
hmm...$25 at hmv, for blu-ray, may end up picking it up on payday as part of my play money...
i'll have to watch it sometime...as for when, who knows. i'm currently working on setting up a budgeting app that my friend introduced me to, and hopefully it helps me throw a lot more money into my savings.
i agree. i'll be sure to report back on how much of a sin it is to skip the first 30 minutes of this one.
not sure, i haven't seen it yet. but for me, with any movie, skipping the first bit is blasphemy. when i went and saw wanted in theaters, we missed up to when he learns about the group because of heavy traffic(and when we got there the girl i went with didn't want to pick something else, or go to a later showing), and i was confused for a little bit.
skip the first 30 min?! isn't that the first half of the movie.
i saw a post on facebook yesterday for one of the groups i'm part of, and it said to skip the first 30min...and 90% of the replies were saying that if you have to skip the first 30min(or tell people to skip it) then you don't know what a good movie is.
bright side: the killing joke will be screened at my house tomorrow night. i'm excited for that.
i swear. one of our reference labs is going out of their way to be difficult this week. can today just be over now, please?
i could never be a teacher either. especially in these days where it's the teachers fault if the kid isn't doing good in class(reminds me of the picture about how times have changed where on the left it's the parents asking the kid "what's going on here?" holding up a report card with the kid looking sheepish, then on the right side it's the teacher who is the subject of their ire.
@gm, i would never be a teacher, that is one of the most thankless jobs ever!  my father in-law was a grade 4 teacher for his whole carrer, he said that after that age, he wouldn't do it for any amount of money!  i don't doubt it either.
@geist, scary time indeed!  i wouldn't want to be in the middle of that vote!  sometimes i'm glad canadian politics are so bland! ;)
i just read a post on msn news about the top things teachers heard parents say about their kid. one was about a male teacher, who happened to be 23 and teaching summer school at high school levels, where the parent asked if they could get an older teacher, or if the teacher could stop dressing so nice because her daughter wouldn't stop talking about how handsome the guy was(how valid this story is remains suspect, but i could honestly see something like that happening with how most kids are thought to be able to do no wrong/have no discipline in their lives)
idiocracy is happening right now! if trump gets into the white house, than that would be so true. looks like i'll be staying in canada when i visit.
on the positive side, the weather has been wonderful the last couple of days. mid 80's most of the week.
i was definitely raised with martial disipline.  what even by those standards would have been considered child abuse.  even though i struggled with that (rebellion, acting out, etc.), i always knew what was right and wrong, and thought about how my actions affected others.  i don't condone beating children at all, but the complete hands off approach definitely doesn't work either.  i think parents should totally be held responsible (within reason) for a childs actions, and further that depending on the childs crime, that child be taken away from them.  people need to respect the society that they lean so heavily on.  people need to respect their fellow man, and if they are found lacking, he held accountable.  also, idiocracy is happening right now!
geist, yeah, i love how even spanking is considered physical abuse now. my parents were very clear of their disapproval of actions, never actual abuse, and it served its purpose. now i'm still too lazy to do things correctly sometimes, but i hold only myself accountable for my consequences.  at least many people now have seen how ridiculous it's gotten and are fighting back to have some control over their children. just in time, too; if it goes any further, we may as well just hand kids over to licensed handlers to raise them.
gm, i'd say the child should be held responsible to teach them a lesson, but since they're a minor, their parents should be held as the equivalent of co-signers and be responsible to make sure the debt is paid. both should be equally responsible, with threat of impending consequences of non-fulfillment placed on the parents.
maybe it was a good thing that i never had kids of my own. the way people expect you to raise your kids today is different then when i was growing up.
bakhan, "also, "i've been around the world and found, that only stupid people are breeding...."" it is funny how it seems that the more successful people are, the fewer children they tend to have, isn't it? and that people who can't support many children tend to have more than they can handle. yet still, it's the richer children that tend to not see the hard parts of life and become entitled, though that's not to say the children with harsher circumstances don't find themselves with "no other options" and get turned around the wrong direction as well. then again, it's also interesting that out of both circumstances come nearly equal proportions of f***-ups, lazy-asses (me), and extremely diligent workers, so the circumstances you were raised in have little to no bearing on what you can become, even if being rich does wonders for your complexion.
@bakhan: if that were my kid, he would be begging the cops to take him to jail. he would know that ass whipping he would get from me when the cops bring him home.
@bakhan: that quote fits perfectly with the world. as for what the kid was doing, the parents should be forced, by law, to pay for all the damages. that's how it should be with all kids. if it causes damage/loss to someone, the parents should be forced to pay for it. maybe, and only maybe, then will some parents realize what type of little shit they are raising.
@gm, i hear you.  the thing is though, at what point does society say, we don't care about your childrens entitled/bs attitudes and straighten them out ourselves?  eg: a freind of mine heard smashing sounds from outside his house.  said friend was 6' 3" and about 260lbs, and played linebacker in high school football.  he goes outside and sees this kid, early teenager, 15 or 16 smashing peoples mirrors off thier cars with a hammer.  he shouts at the kid, and the kid tells him off! so he starts chasing the kid (who probably realized he just messed with the wrong guy) and from about 5 feet away launched himself and tackled the kid.  making sure in the process to bounce said kids off the sidewalk.  when the cops showed up, they actually thanked my buddy!  so i guess what i'm saying, is that these people that are raising their kids without consequences, really need to stop and think.  if you don't raise your kids right, you are actually endangering their lives, and as such, are in fact an unfit parent.  why do we need dog licenses but not child licenses? also, "i've been around the world and found, that only stupid people are breeding...."
their spawn? demon or otherwise. ` but yeah, that is to say that starting tomorrow, it may be even more difficult for me to check in than during detasseling. oh well, 600 comments behind creeper and 2,100 above the nearest regular isn't a bad place to take a break. ;) i really only check the statistics when my computer reloads all the previous tabs or something like that, but yeah, i still see them once in awhile.
@bakhan: that falls under the whole "parents not taking responsibility in the raising of their spawn" category.
@geist, thats too bad.  i've been to lots of parks and i've never seen any issues before.  don't they have security?  my problem would be getting in trouble myself if i encountered something like that.  i hate people that are only interested in causing trouble, whatever happened to going to the parks to have fun?
morning kittens
morning bakhan! they might have merged with six flags. i can never tell one way or the other. there is a six flags not far from where i live. i've never gone there because too many youngsters have been known to cause trouble.
hershey park looks pretty cool! did they take over from six flags or something?  the only thing that kinda bugs me about it is that they promote peanut based / contaminated treats.  that in and of itself is nothing new to me, but it is a minor point.  the rides look great!  not sure how i'd feel about a stuffy of a candy bar i can't eat though... ;)
morning kittens!
holy crap, how did you guys know i was gone today? all this in just 5 or 6 hours?! wow. saw something about hershey park. we're going to the one in penn. on our 2-week roadtrip starting friday! going mainly for a family reunion.  so yeah, hopefully i'll be able to be on here at least once per day. because i know you guys are this active when i'm not here!
@geist, i'll just do the world a favor and keep my clothes on... ;) roman orgy or not! ;)
@bakhan: not all nudist retreats are roman orgies. :-p many are family friendly.
nothing like an impromptu message asking if i wanted to go to lunch...good thing i didn't actually bring anything with me for lunch today.
@geist, lol! too drunk and rowdy, but you want to go on a nudist cruise? ;p  fireworks on the ship would be bad, fireworks above the ship is amazing! the relections off of the ocean... seriously an amazing sight.  a feast for the senses, with clothes on even! ;)
i've never been to new orleans either, if you can believe that. i have that on my list of places to visit. just not during mardi gra or a jazz festival. too many people being drunk and rowdy.
fireworks on a ship? hmmmm. i dunno about that. i'll have to try that out. i'd also like to try a nudie cruise. pretty sure it would be...interesting.
@gm, no doubt, i've always wanted to go... someday we will!
@geist, my wife and i took a cruise on our honeymoon, through the carribian.  it was so amazing! yes, of course it was a disney cruise! ;p  i couldn't recommend it highly enough!  they even had a water "rollercoaster" on it! fireworks at night... so much fun!
there is a lot to see in new orleans, even just the french quarter(which is where bourbon street is that mardi gras happens on). of course, there are lots of bars, and other establishments on that street, but aside from that the other streets are lots of little museums/shops/restaurants.
i've never been on a cruise. i'm hoping to try it sometime next year. i've heard they can be fun if you pick the ones that have plenty of activities on them.
@gm, i think you would really like it, its very awe inspiring.  emotional even, and i'm not even american! ;)  i would love to go to new orleans some time, i know i would love it!  haven't been to jamaica, yet, yet.  been to the grand caymans, and mexico.  loved them both.  we actually got tim horton's coffee in the grand caymans, it was awesome! ;)
nope, haven't ever been to florida. i've been to new orleans twice, both for a caribbean cruise. hit up jamaica, grand cayman islands, and mexico on one, the other we just hit mexico.
@gm, have you ever been to the kennedy space centre?  or airboating in the everglades?
i don't mind the heat, as long as i'm not sitting still sweating from doing almost nothing(which is what it was early last week....now the women in the office - at least our side - are complaining it's too cold...no appeasing them)
crazy good times to be had in florida! and for youse guys that don't like the heat it would be at the end of september, so it should be cooler for ya! ;)
i may up the amount i pay into my "rainy day" account next year, that way i can save even more.
i know you can vacation on a budget, but where's the fun in that? i can co-sign on that. i had a slim budget when i went to universal studios and was rather limited to what i could enjoy. not so next year, i promise you that.
@gm, most disney rollercoasters are family friendly so you could probably handle them, there are only two i can think of that would cause issues.  my wife also gets nautious from spinning, so i'm using that as a bench mark.  the teacups cause her issues, so we've never been on them together... :(
ah, well then...if i'm smart i should be able to budget for the vacation next year....with both money and vacation time.
@gm, nope its next year.  we can't afford to go anywhere this year.  hosting people doesn't really cost us anything except a bit extra for groceries, so i'm not at all worried about that.  when we go on vacation, its pretty much all out, so our budget needs to be higher or its not as much fun.  i know you can vacation on a budget, but where's the fun in that? ;)  our trips this year have all been local, banff and what not.  last weekend we went to vulcan, and saw the startrek museum.  it was alright... i wouldn't go again, but it was fun.
i was more meaning the trip that bakhan was doing this year(isn't it this year? the dkc was definitely next year). as for the rollercoasters, i tend to get sick with lots of spinning, and most rollercoasters i've been on/near have had loads of spins. so, that's the reason for me not liking them, mostly.
i hate rollercoasters *gives gm the side eye* how can you not love them? they are all sorts of awesome.
i thought the dkc was next year
ooo...that one looks interesting. could be a good one(even though i hate rollercoasters...i still somehow end up going on them)
i won't be far behind if i end up not being able to make it. it would be nice(like going this year when bakhan and the misses go...alas vacation/money won't allow), but being able to pay for all the regular costs of living is a fair bit more important.
we could try for a hershey park kc. http://www.hersheypark.com/
i agree with gm. no one is obligated to go to the dkc. i'm going to try my level best to not only make it but to make it with enough dough to do it up properly. no pressure on anyone if they can't make it for whatever reason. i'll be the first one to tell you if i can't make it or not.
when i was in disney last year for a friends wedding we saw a bachelorette party that had shirts done up. then this year when my friend, sister, and i went to beer fest, i saw a bachelor party with shirts done up.
@bakhan: you have a halloween tree? i'm already jealous! kitten corps t-shirts are a must
i was also meaning so that anyone that was interested may be able to figure out a way to have the money/time off to be able to attend. not an obligation(though for some they will probably feel it is an obligation to go).
@gm, i think thats a bit of a pipe dream tbh.  a trip like that would be very expensive for most, and i wouldn't want to make people feel obligated to that extent.  i think that meeting up in other places would be cool though, anywhere but vegas and i'm in (with the right kind of notice, of course...) ;)
if we do a dkc, then we definitely need to plan it well in advance so that everyone can plan their vacation time properly(i know my vacation time is a little wonky this year...technically i think i used more that i had all year...but i put in ot quite a bit and get time off in lieu)
@geist, i can't wait to show you our nightmare collection! there may be a little bit there... ;) just wait till you see our halloween tree!
if we all get together in disney, we'll have to get shirts made up! ;)  how awesome would that be!?!
@gm, its because people have to dress for the role.  because you work in payroll, you have to look a certain way, it gives people the sense that you're more professional.  for me, because i deal mostly with the tradesmen, i can dress like them, its makes them feel more comfortable, and me too! ;)
@bakhan: i'm all for collecting the nightmare before christmas merchandise. if all goes my way within the next couple of weeks, i will be able to go with you and the wife when you both next year. maybe lz and his family can go. it can be a second kitten con!
our dress code is business casual. so mark's works best for me. i could wear jeans, as long as they look good, and whatever decent shirt i want(could be a dress shirt, or a polo). don't think i would get away with a t-shirt unless it was under my other shirt. or i was wearing a plain white t-shirt under a blazer...even then i doubt it.
i'm wearing my mickey state university hoodie right now! ;)  my wardrobe, is 50% disney, 10% walmart, and 40% big and tall (which is not cheap!!!).  i haven't been to a marks in probably over 2 years now.  but i'm allowed to wear just jeans and t-shirts (very casual) to work.  i might design systems for multi million dollar projects, but i don't have to look like it! ;)
half of mine comes from mark's.
@gm, you know, i'm all about the trinkets!!! ;) seriously, half my wardrobe comes from disney... ;)
there usually is some interesting stuff in the stores. lots of junk too.
@geist, you got it! ;)  in my dream world, misty and i would eventually downsize our house in calgary, buy a smaller one, and buy a place in the florida keys.  spend our time half and half.  that would be so amazing! to me anyways... ;)  hoping from store to store is what we always do anyways when in disney or universal, mostly cause we like looking at all the stuffs! ;)
morning kittens.
@bakhan: no wonder you like going to florida. the heat there is brutal. as much fun as universal studios was, i was hopping into every store i could just to get a little of the air conditioning. good thing they serve beer at universal studios. ;-)
@geist, the heat there would be very similar to what it was like when i lived in southern ontario, i loved it!  everyone had swimming pools! it was the best!  the humidity was great for my super dry skin as well.  oh, and the soft water was so nice as well.  alberta is dry as dry can be.  we've been getting a lot of rain this year, and that does help a bit.  the main problem with our rain though, is because of the elevation, it is very cold!  when i lived out east, it was wierd because the rain was warm! ;) lets all agree to disagree about the heat!  i know i'm weird (about liking the heat too!), but the way i see it is, you can only bitch about one, either the heat, or the cold.  i choose to bitch about the cold! ;)
good morning kittens!
geist, i know all about that. same as here, but next to buildings and on concrete the entire time with like no wind.  furthermore, several years ago, my two older brothers went on a band trip to play in the dc memorial day parade. it got to 106 that day, one of the hottest temperatures i'd been in up to that point! and they were in heavy full-cotton uniforms! so glad our uniforms changed the next year or i would have never stopped sweating in them.
@bakhan: try d.c. heat. makes a person feel like they can swim to work. i tried walking downtown this pass sunday when it was 92 degrees. i was sweating rivers everywhere. had to chill out in a starbucks in order to keep from passing out.
gm, i had 3 seasons on different sides of my house! one time, it snowed out back, rained on the side, and was sunny out front, the 3 sides of our house with windows. several times i've thought it was just a dream or i misremembered it, but no, it actually happened. besides, nebraska was the center of the day with the largest temperature swing in history, though the specific area that had the biggest official change was in south dakota or iowa i think. ` that's not what i'm talking about, though.
i mean, i know you'd be fine with the summers here, even with the humidity, but just so you know, we have winter too. it's just a much more realistic winter that doesn't take up to 2/3 of the year and isn't quite as bad as yours.  maybe you should move to phoenix or something. my dad would love to for several reasons, not the least of which the weather.
zem, we've had all four seasons in one day, at the same time. that's how random our weather can be. the city that was devastated recently by wild fires(fort mcmurray) has actually had to deal with flooding this past weekend due to the rains(and they are a solid 8+ hours - depending on whose driving - north by north-east of us...and we are supposed to be getting more rain/thunderstorms in the next few days/week)
trust me, bakhan, i would too. but you wouldn't be happy; we have all 4 seasons distinctly. i love it so much, but we have winters as bad as some parts of canada as well as summers that make southerners sweat.
@zem, lol! i could wear a sweater in the summer time, no problem! wouldn't bother me a bit.  how hard is it to cool off? just have a drink of water, boom, cooled off.  step outside, into a breeze, cooled off.  etc. you crazy over heated people... i'd trade climates in a heart beat zem, one, single, heart beat!
how is it too hard to heat up? it's 29 c out right now, and in a 3 block walk i started sweating because of the sun.  i don't know, i just don't understand. the only reason i'm so flabbergasted about this all and hate the entire debate is that people who want it hotter are usually more outgoing about it and complain more, and then are more likely to change it, and somehow every time they're sided with, but if i try to change it back to a normal temp. like 70-75 f, it's suddenly a terrible thing.
bakhan, you live in a cold place, exactly! it's normal there, and turning it up doesn't create a discrepancy. people there naturally like it colder, or at least most every person who lives in a northern country, because it's what you have, and it makes sense. except for old people, though, i've never understood wanting it so hot in a building. at least you can wear long sleeves. i already wear a t-shirt and short pants and still get too hot all the time.
well that is possible, i have been wrong before.... once... ;)
...their* >.>
to each there own...but i think you're wrong. :p
@gm, i've always seen it the other way around.  you can always cool off, getting warm though, is much harder for me.  once i'm cold, i'm just hating life!  the only time i ever approached too hot, was in the jungle in mexico and it was 44c with almost total humidity, that, was hot.
@bakhan: as the one hr girl says, rather be cold than hot since you can always put on more layers. you can only take off so much before it becomes "indecent" at work.
@zem, well i hope it can work out, i know lz and his wife were planning on driving up, so maybe that could work out? fingers crossed!
re: way too cold in the office...  i am constantly fighting with the others in my office to turn it up!  they always keep it way too cold around 69f.  i don't understand when we live in such a cold place, that people actually want it that way...  ya'll crazy! ;)
bakhan, i think we had plans for something like that. it's just not convenient living here because there's only a slight chance someone might drive by, and most of those people are flying out. i hope we can get it all figured out.
it's women, gm, that's why. my mom is the only woman on earth i've found that likes it to be cold. 66 sounds great to me! then again i'm abnormal as well in that regard, so i feel your pain.
apparently...i'm a very abnormal person. everyone, and i mean everyone, on my side of the office is freezing. i find it comfortable. they(since it's 3 women, and then me) agreed to turn up the heat(it was only at 19c - 66.2f). guess that's the price i pay for working where i do, and with who i work with.
@zem, could you meet up with lz and his wife somewhere? we'd love to have you!
i still want to go to kitten con, but i just need a carp-ool or something like that. anybody coming anywhere near me anytime in october?
well, one of them did come into work for a few minutes to pick something up...but then was gone for the remainder of the day.
@gm, lol!  that sounds like a great hr dept.  yeah you guys have to work, but we don't.  yep, no issues there... >.>
@bakhan: because that's what the higher ups decided...then the it manager made a good point, if hr isn't willing to show up, why should the rest of us?
@gm, good morning sir!  why the heck were you working yesterday?
@geist, sweet!  this is going to be awesome! ;)
whoohoo! more booze and maple for me! once i get the flight information, i'll post it in the litterbox.
@geist, of course, whatever works best for you!  seeing as how i'm pretty sure its only lz, his wife, and yourself coming, i have rooms for all of you! ;)
morning gm
@bakhan: looking forward to it. just to confirm: can i arrive on thursday october 27th and leave november 1st? would that be ok?
morning kittens.
@geist, good morning! only 94 days till halloween! ;)
morning bakahan
@creeper, that sounds awesome, except for the mud part... so jealy! ;)
morning kittens!
that sounds like it was amazing, creeper! and all that time,. you were just covered in mud! just kidding. at least you could still tell him you were top commenter, though! for now...i'm only about 600 behind and closing fast! ;)
hi again!  saturday was fun.  messy and fun!  delivered the cookies, but it started raining- and i slipped and fell in the mud on my way to the ek tent.  then i couldn't even find them. hahaha...i was a wreck! finally found elan.  so great to finally meet him. we had to have the bfc deck under a pretty small tent- it was cramped, but elan pulled it off well.  i ended up staying the whole time and helping him out with the booth.  met his wonderful girlfriend, a few other people.  we had dinner and drinks later.  it was a great day, but i was exhausted!
do it. verizon is great! heck, it's literally the only thing that has reception anywhere out here. at&t has spotty reception in cities here, but verizon works perfectly everywhere. but if you're only ever going to be in major cities, at&t isn't that bad. just that i never am, and most people leave them at least once in awhile.
i am sick to death of t-mobile. if things go the way i need them to go, i will be going back to verizon.
gm, considering it's a holiday, nobody would've blamed you for cutting it short. ` ` i see how it is, though. i duck out to mow and then you guys all come in! normally you're all only here around lunchtime, but now it's supper. i swear you guys have a webcam on my house at all times to know when i'm not around.
lz: ... *google noises*... "organic chemistry... organic compounds... i.e., matter in its various forms that contain carbon atoms." damn, he's got me there. ` also, you keep saying soon. http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/9d/9d488c4dd6b949416c85906c5bd7a4c3d3163632d5606a6a068e487c0f3a2d73.jpg
i've been filing for 90% of my day, input one new hire into the system, and now trying to figure out if i want to go back to filing, or try and duck out early.
i'm compiling usage statistics. it's not as much fun as it sounds.
hello creeper and lz. how are you two doing today?(i'm slowly losing my mind at work...there are maybe 6 people in the office)
hi, creeper! how did the giant game with elan go?
soon, zem, soon. re: water-- an organic compound is one that is carbon-based. water is not, so it doesn't qualify.
hello kittens!
just put all of your things in sealed containers, and then those in plastic bags. that should keep it all clean.
on second thought, most likely not through someone at work. nobody seems to be able to clean up after themselves. those plastic microwave plate covers, i had to clean it(it had what looked like porridge on it) before i could use it to heat up my lunch. the sink is almost always filled with dirty dishes, even with the dishwasher being empty. almost nobody replaces the paper towel roll when they use it up....and the list keeps going on(pretty sure there might be food in the fridge from a few weeks ago, but i never use the fridge so i don't know).
woo. got money. work sucks, but pay is nice even if it takes a full week to get to me.
@geist: very difficultly. who knows, i might meet someone nice through my work, either by it being someone i work with, or someone that is introduced to me through someone i work with. but right now, that is kind of the second item on my list of things i need to do with my life. the first being buy a house.
that sucks. your work load makes it damn near impossible to ever take a vacation. how are you going to find a wife this way?
@geist: it is, but since the company i work for is federally regulated, we don't get it off(unless your manager says to take it off...which if i asked for it off my boss would most likely have said yes...but i have a shit ton of filing to get through).
@gm: isn't it a civic holiday in canada?
i knew i should have stayed in bed....my keycard to get into the building/office didn't work to let me into the building. even the it manager couldn't get into the building through the one set of doors, we had to go through the parking garage.
hey, by the way, when's that new hot sauce campaign kicking off?
@bakhan: does that include shopping at disney/universal studios? i wanted to visit more of the shops but my friend wasn't interested. i'm sure i missed more than a few places because of being tied to someone. (just one reason why i like traveling by myself)
i just realized water is technically a volatile organic compound! normally you only think of things like glue or paint, formaldehyde, acetone, gasoline, epoxies and stuff like that as vocs, but i think water counts as well. water is just a really weird chemical.
*buyer. tl;dr, but then read. hits target stores on aug. 1. a reddit user found a copy released in select target stores early and played it.  here's a bunch of pictures of it: https://imgur.com/a/srhix
this. just... this. not even kidding, i know we all love card games (how'd i find that one out?!), and this is just beautiful. i'll be an instant backer.  an oregon trail card game?! http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/oregon-trail-comeback-tabletop-game-launches-august-1-article-1.2730235
@zem, my excuse is, i think its totally lame... but hey, its just an opinion! ;)
@geist, lol, waaa waaaa... ;) nope, we're full tilt, every ride, every attraction! all the fun stuffs! and nothing but!  the bonus part is we've been enough times that my wife can plan the days out perfectly, you see everything, and yet, you're not burned out at the end of the day! ;)
you and me both gm. having to leave the house at 4 am this week had me nodding off more than once
i hate afternoons like this...it's so hard to stay awake. ><
bakhan, just know that there are way older people than you that have been playing pokemon since it was released, so you have no excuse! ;) ` also, half price wings at buffalo wild wings?! hell yes! i found out because of a friend going there and then to see jim gaffigan tonight! that sounds like a hell of a night!  but yeah, a ton of wings for me! some for today and the other half for lunch tomorrow!
i like crazy. my only regret is that i wish my first visit had been with you guys. the person i went with was a bit of a debbie downer.
@geist, lol! i hope you're ready for a big dose of crazy then! ;)  just wait till october, you'll get a taste of what i mean! ;)
@bakhan: if everything goes my way within the next month or so, i will be able to join you and the missus in florida for the halloween universal studios/disney celebrations. i'm actually looking forward to that.
@geist, i hope you do too!  i don't know that i will, i hope so.  my grandfather lived to be 93, but my dad, only 56, so it is a crap shoot.  at least i know my heart is good and strong! ;)
@bakhan: wise words. i hope i live well in my old age.
the worst part about a new machine at work is getting everything set back up to how you had it on the old one.
re:  age, if you don't get older, its only for one reason... better to be old, than dead.  imo.... ;)
@gm: then i am a hair's breath away from the half century level.
i would prefer to state ages as levels. instead of saying "i am 25 years old" say "i'm level 25". it would sound better. :p i saw a video last night of george takei going around and learning to play(the bridge they started in front of he didn't know the name of, until he clicked on it in the app). so, you're never too old to learn. ;)
@geist, age is just a number!  the older i get, the more true that is!  while my body may be falling apart, my brain is still that of a 20 something.  its hard for me to reconcile sometimes... ;)  i'm still trying out different maple treats for you guys to have, and hopefully enjoy when you come up in october!  the maple bacon brittle was just the beginning! ;)
that makes you about a decade younger than me bakhan. :-p if i were retired full time, i might find the time to do try this game a little but with work, my craftying, planning a maple heist in october...nope. simply don't have the time. plus, i don't want to find dead bodies or get robbed.
@geist, again, not exactly a bad thing if they did... ;)
paris hilton is a has been. now if they would only target the kardashians......
@gm, getting rid of paris hilton, would actually be helpful, or at the least, not harmful... ;)
@geist, good morning! i'm with you pokemon is the devil! ;)  i just found out that pokemon was released in japan about 20 years ago, i think thats why i don't get it.  it didn't even come out till i was well past intrest in that kind of a thing (i was 21).  as far as i'm concerned a pokey mon is a jamacian proctologist! ;)
...news site...fingers going faster than eyes/brain can follow.
one of the articles i saw on the msn news side had a headline that made me laugh... "paris(hilton) 'terrified' she's an is target"
morning kittens. @geist: i know it's not for everyone, so i try not to push it on others. i will talk about it with people that play, or ask, but otherwise, i tend to leave it to the side until such a time.
pokémon is evil. :-p i am not downloading that unto my phone. i've got tons of other stuff to do than to walk around trying to catch imaginary stuff.
morning bakhan.
morning kittens!
hey, no shame, gm! pokemon is 20 years old, so add whatever age most kids start playing pokemon at, and then some more because not only kids played it, and you'll have the top age of the average player that's been waiting for something like pokemon go since the first ones came out on the gameboy pocket.  ` fun fact, the first pokemon game was released almost exactly 3 months before i was born in japan. it's up to you to decide which happened in japan. another fun fact: i'm so hipster, i was born on towel day before it was even a thing!
creeper, i can just see you having the time of your life, smiling more than ever, playing ek against elan himself when suddenly he reaches over to high five you or something, but it's still hot as hell out, so you just smack his hand away and yell at him for 2 seconds, then go back to exactly as bright and cheerful as you were! ;)
today was a good day for a walk. the fact we were catching pokémon is beside the point. thought the little 5 year old didn't have to call us out on it.
@creeper, you are so lucky! the playing ek with elan, not the heat thing... ;) easy, that was a wink, not a hug! ;)
@geist, ouch! i do know that feeling though... :(
@lz, i'm pretty jealous of your guys political system actually, at least you guys have intrest in it.  in canada, most folks barely care at all.  in truth i know more about your guys' candidates than i do of our own! ;)
hey kittens! just checking in.
creeper, color me jealous!
feast or famine. that seems to be the only two modes that pop up in my life.
heat makes me violent.  violent.  do not touch me when i am warm.  i smacked my coworker's hand away from me.  everyone insists on hugging or kissing when they show up for work.  get away i am hot and sweaty and i will punch you other than that - i'm so excited!!  finally get to play ek with elan tomorrow!!!
you'd have an easier time of cutting down the largest tree in the forest with... ...a herring!
good morning, everyone. zem, as much fun as it would have been to have bush vs clinton again, i think the last bush destroyed any chance of a bush making it again.
morning kittens.
wow, i went to sleep some time after 4 and slept to my alarm at 1:45! that's like 9 1/2 hours of sleep! this'll feel so nice after all those times of 5-7 hours and long days!
@zem, don't get me wrong, i don't need the a/c, my wife does, and a lot of people i know do, i don't mind the heat one bit, whether working in it or not, never have.  i actually sneak around and turn up the thermostats as she keeps it so cold in our house.  i have enough cold for the 6-9 months of winter out of the year to last me the rest of the year. ;)
then again, my room wasn't too bad yesterday. only 80 by the time i went to sleep, 27 c. feel free to complain about how easy i have it, but keep in mind the reason i'm sleeping downstairs now is that my room can get hotter than outside if it's particularly nasty out. i've seen that room exceed 100 before!  outside of detasseling, during the summer, we'll go to sleep around 2 or 3 am because, even with a good ac unit and fan going full blast 24/7, it typically doesn't become liveable until that late!
oops, accidentally hit tab instead of ` on my way down, so accidentally sent it instead of marked a new topic. ` but yeah, i know how you feel. i got shoved up to my room yesterday, and with my schedule, i sleep when it's hottest outside. my room was really hot! the only reason i went to sleep was because there's a futile vent blowing cold air at my head if i can prop my head up high enough. that and i had been awake for 18+ hours, the majority of which was a particularly long day of detasseling, one of the best sleep aids.
haha, good one, bakhan! but i know that canada is a frozen wasteland and never gets above 0 c, even in summer! or are you saying you need ac when it's that hot?
@gm, the weird thing is, i know this place that you could go, once in a while, where there is a/c and a guy who would love to do some painting with you... ;)
i wish i had air conditioning at home...but we don't, so i just suffer through the night when it gets too hot(usually go grab some ice, a face cloth, and a bowl i can dip it into).
@gm, i try to stay away when i resemble my avatar too much... ;) its all good though.  in regards to the heat, i'm so glad we went ahead and got air conditioning, we might be broke this year (partly from that, and well everything else i suppose) but we are cool! ;)
ahh, that's nice.  as long as there's somewhat of a breeze- it can make such a huge difference. yeah zem - whatever weather my parents get in kc, i'm bracing for it in ny.
like i said before, creeper, don't worry, it's only a few days of that heat wave, then back down to normal. this week is in the 80s here now. last week, when we had that heat (you guys always get the hand-me-downs, haha!), it was horrible all the time, but it should be over soon-ish.
yeah, monday it was so bad i was sweating, just typing(at 8am, my computer had been in rest mode all night, lights off, other computer wasn't on, door locked). then later in the day, i saw an unused fan in the accounts payable room, snagged it since it wasn't even plugged in. now, i have it blowing on me.
hiya gm-  yeah, that's not ok.  my comment was more in regards to working outside in the country vs. being outside in the city.  i've done both.  i'll pick country over anything! i'm sorry-  though.  plus all the computer systems adding heat to it.  bleh...  :(
and hi guys!  recovering from a black out!  bleh... 22 hours no electric.  i lost a client, a lost a couple hundred in groceries (trying to file a claim with my renters insurance...) and had a hellish night...  *sigh*    but -  ac is on and pumping again!
regarding the heat creeper, we actually have building maintenance in the office today looking at it, because it shouldn't be as hot as it is, almost 30c, when the thermostat is set to 23c.
re: heat - when you live in the city, the heat reflects off the buildings and pavement and other people and it's awful.  then going underground to take the subway, and a thick hot unrelenting tunnel of hellfire.  it truly makes people violent.  i despite the summer.  despise it. ...getting ready for the kickstarter festival!  have been sugar printing all the card images, etc. :)  super excited! also - i went to that hotspot last night after work.  2 am, and the place was insane.  it was so much fun.  i didn't want to leave, but my phone was dying.  we caught pikachu, jolteon, persian, etc...
@bakhan: you should come by here more often. :p
@geist, if you want my maple bacon brittle recipe, you know where to get it! ;)  also, whatever it is you are going through, we are here for you, and wishing you strength, perceverance, and comfort!
mornin... er early afternoon kittens!
morning kittens.
i was hoping it'd come down to bush vs. clinton: the revengening or something like that early on, but this is more like a circus.  yeah, i'm seeing quite a bit of the bull-moose party incident and every other major event where the vote was split severely, so the majority winner didn't have the majority, just the most. and that didn't always end with the best candidate winning, just the least hated or divisive one. the next 4 years aren't looking good, and for awhile now, people have just revoted for the incumbent because they have experience as president or whatever. maybe kanye 2020 might even look good in the next 4 years. oh god, i hope not!
i think this year's election has the potential to be very interesting. there are large populations in the never trump and anyone but hillary camps. i've heard many people say they're voting johnson, and many others say they're writing in bernie. it could easily end in a situation where no candidate secures a majority of electoral votes.
he has a successful track record as a politician, and his campaign is basically a happy medium between republicans and democrats (as a libertarian should be), without the evil face the two main parties have.
@lz: you convinced me(why gary johnson?)
zem, vote gary johnson and convince the rest of everyone to do the same!
@geist: you will have to talk to bakhan about that, he's the one who's making it. :p
*makes mental note to blackmail gm into handing over the bacon maple brittle recipe in exchange for not squealing*
morning kittens! if anyone asks, no i did not move the armoire-like cabinet in my office, by myself, to plug in the fan i now have blowing(we're not supposed to do any furniture moving ourselves).
trump may not seem like the brightest star on america's horizon, but the alternative scares me just as much. honestly, can we have anybody but the people we're allowed to vote for? where's deez nuts when we need him? he had a strong following early in the campaign!
could be better gm. taking it day by day. will know more in a couple of weeks. i will be trying for my passport. will have to rush it to get it to me on time. then purchase my tickets to calgary. if trump even looks like he is going to win, i may have to stay with you folks.
@geist: also...how have you been?
@geist: i know the feeling. i can't turn on the fan i stole from the ap office(they weren't using it!) because i need to maneuver some furniture around to access the wall plug...but when i do(tomorrow most likely) i will finally have a fan...i haven't stopped sweating today since i got into the office!!!
geist, remember that i'm doing physical labor in that. actually, just looked up the weather there and last week, we worked in even worse. and at least you guys have chances of rain to help it along. then again, we have 3 rainy days in a row coming mid this week, so you have that to look forward to maybe one week from now or so. should cool it off a bit!
it is too damn hot outside. i can barely breathe in this heat. it's times like this that i wish offices would let folks have beer during work hours. when i worked for the british, this was no unheard of.
one week or so left. got the first paycheck finally, looking good so far! the pay is always the best part of a job.
i really need to forcefully commandeer a fan for my office....this is getting ridiculous. i'm not even moving other than my hands/wrists/neck, and i'm sweating. -.-
@lz: that's okay, i *might* get next monday off. depends on how things fall this week.
happy pioneer day (or pie & beer day, as the case may be), everyone! i know it's not a holiday where you are, but i get the day off because of it.
morning kittens.
they quit for the day, not for good.
today was easily one of the weirdest days of detasseling of all my life, but the story was really long when i sent it to my brother over facebook. like 3 full paragraphs, virtually a short story over the internet. really interesting, though, and some parts were really funny. basically, i was afraid for my life because all but one of my group quit final destination style. also, i found a 20 pound bag of those red lava rocks people put around their gardens and walkways! no idea who brought it to the middle of a field and opened it, why it was there, what its intended purpose was, just a large, heavy, open bag of red lava rock sitting in the dead middle of a field. weirdest thing i've ever found in a field because of just how baffling it is as to why in the hell it would be there at all.
you guys were complaining of the pokemon go servers; i think i found the problem. don't worry, turning it off and then on again should fix it. http://9gag.com/gag/a6qoz39
hey, cane! how you doing?! yeah, a sketchy deal from china? there's a few red flags for you. but bakhan, there've been rip-offs since the game shipped. maybe not this guy in particular, but still.
96 and 50% humidity where we detasseled right now, but maybe worse where we were because that data is from somewhere a short ways away. that's 108 f heat index. it felt like 42.2 c, while we did physical work! even i felt like nearly passing out because of the humidity. 110+ i can take. mid-90s with humidity? i'm dead.
i hate to say it, lz, but it doesn't matter who wins, the us is likely screwed. and by extension, so is canada.
is it the weekend yet? also, has anyone else noticed that the republicans aren't even trying to cover up their racism anymore? one of them even did a nazi salute as she finished her speech last night.
morning kittens.
@gcod, firstly, good to see you! secondly, wow, those look pretty legit!  whilst i'm sure it may impact some sales, at least they had a year before this scammer came along.  i'm not sure theres anything the ek can do about it though, seeing as it comes from china...?
morning kittens!
a different chinese ebay seller has already sold over 40 sets, so these aren't just random leftovers i would think.
i'm popping in to drop this on you all. found it on ebay this morning from one of the chinese vendors i watch for diecast "cars" from pixar: http://ebay.to/29yoemx seems they have begun knocking off both versions of ek and are selling them.
i just remembered when there used to be kittens on here 24/7. those were the good 'ol days!
seriously, do people only get on here during lunch breaks anymore?
bakhan, i'm with you. i really want to play, but yes, it's like all i hear about. maybe i'll get it today since i might have time even though it likely won't even work on my computer. getting done early is really nice, even if we did 3 entire fields before noon today, and (if i pay attention to the time today unlike certain yesterdays) i may even go to sleep early and get way too plenty of sleep!
i love those stories!
@bakhan: fair enough. i know it's not for everyone, just thought i might suggest it.
the best one, to me at least, is that there are animal shelters offering to let people walk the dogs that are there while they are playing. who knows how many adoptions are happening because of that. i also saw another story of a couple who found 27 abandoned hamsters and mice, in a cage, in their local park while playing. the humane society they took them to ended up naming each one after a pokémon.
gm - i know! i love it and all these stories are really heart-warming.  this list is the best compilation.  http://l.facebook.com/l.php…   and it helped me save a kitten!  i went in my backyard to catch one, and i heard a kitten crying.  she was tangled up in vines.  had to get a ladder, use a fire escape and climb a roof to get to her!!!
@gm, gawd!  thats all i hear about lately!  i have zero interst.  especially with the walking part, with the way my knee has been lately, and my legs in general, i should get paid actual money to walk, then i'd be interested.  a pain vs dollars kind of thing.  also the walking off of cliffs, rear ending police vehicles, finding dead bodies, etc., not too apealing... ;)
play pokémon go. that's something to get excited about(and it brings people from all walks of life together - i read a story of a gathering in a park that some pizza joints were taking advantage of with $5 pizzas, there were homeless people wandering around them, guys in business suits, punk-rock people, goths, "bro-t" wearing dudes, and kids; people were buying more than one pizza, and giving it to the homeless people, who in turn went around asking the players if they were hungry and offering them a slice, so it definitely is doing good showing that all people enjoy different things).
same thing here... going to have to find something to be excited about, being a drag is a drag... ;)
i don't know what it is about today, but i actually had a hard time getting out of bed.
@gm, define fun... ;p so, so tired today.  i gotta get myself out of this funk!
@bakhan: where's the fun in that?
eeer... @creeper.... doh! maybe i should actually wake up before i type anything... ;p
morning kittens! @creeper: that's awesome that he is still going to order from you, even if it is only for personal use. as for pokestops, there is one in a pub downtown here that has 3-4 others really close by.
morning kittens. @geist, thats pretty awesome of elan to order from you anyways! congrats!
really, creeper? that's awesome!  oh, and so is the thing about elan. that's cool too. ;)
also good news-  elan is ordering from me anyway- just cuz he wants to.  it will be for personal use, don't wanna cross any lines with ks.  but excited to be baking for him!
ugh-  the servers-  the servers are killing me!!! but i have a pokestop in my front yard and backyard. :) i've been to the insane hotspot a few times now..  got a persian, onix, mankey, and a ton of others... it's where 6 pokestop converge, everyone puts lures there... there's even a viral video of it at night when it first started- https://youtu.be/sdsijcqsmvk i wasn't there then.  but there's a subway stop right there, and it's on my way to work.  i jump out for 15 minutes or so and catch as many as i can.
they definitely need a server overhaul. i'm amazed that they thought this would be a smallish operation.
lz, who knows, but it'd be worth a shot and fun to talk about. just too tired in the evenings now. but hey, a few heat days getting us home early should help! plenty of extra time, and i'll even be able to sleep around 4-5 pm so i can wake up early again!
they need to do a massive overhaul on their servers. i think 10x the capacity would be a good starting point.
@lz: there are two that are 1 block east of my office, but due to the buildings interference, it puts me right between them 99% of the time(don't need to move to get either one). unfortunately, the damned thing is so buggy at this time of the day(constantly has the "loading" pokeball in the top left corner, then when i close it to restart it, it doesn't let me back in - yesterday took about 5 hours for me to get back on, and i was already at home too). i almost caught an arcanine monday, same with a polliwrath. unfortunately, they ran away because they kept breaking loose.
zem, does your computer have a way to connect to the internet other than via wi-fi, and does it have gps capabilities? both of those are needed for pokégo.
all the talk of how many pokéstops you guys have on the way to work made me super jelly. i hardly have any around where i live/work. i actually ran out of pokéballs yesterday. fortunately, work took me into downtown salt lake city today. in a yalf hour, i built up my pokéball supply to 133, which doesn't account for all the ones i used. i got a meowth, voltorb, polliwag, nidoran male, nidorina, magnemite, machop, and a bunch of others that i already had.
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
haha, creeper, that video of lil' nugget snurring still says 34 views, but i know that's wrong because it said that the first time i saw the video and since then i have personally brought back up the page and viewed it again like 6 times now!
did i double comment on accident? my computer did a thing where it says i'm connected, then the internet doesn't actually work, but then it's a 50/50 chance that it's either not actually connected and i have to reconnect and restart all processes like loading pages or that it'll just bug out and do its own thing like posting a comment twice.
ohmygosh, leo! i could listen to that snurr for hours! aaw, i want to pet him. give him to geist to bring to kittencon in your stead!
howdy, pot! i'm just dying to hell from detasseling, 4 days in a row now that i got back at my equivalent of midnight or so. whee, fun to be had. ` oh, thanks, guys, for all the pokemon go stuff. even with detasseling i still wouldn't be able to afford a smartphone. i really should just get it on bluestacks, the android emulator. i'll look into it when it's not midnight before  4 f*****(so on and so forth) days of 100 degree weather for detasseling of all things. gonna sure be a fun time there. besides, if i get go on my computer, as i said, i'd have to lug my computer everywhere to play it, and that would be awkward, weird, and risky to my computer.
howdy, pot! i'm just dying to hell from detasseling, 4 days in a row now that i got back at my equivalent of midnight or so. whee, fun to be had. ` oh, thanks, guys, for all the pokemon go stuff. even with detasseling i still wouldn't be able to afford a smartphone. i really should just get it on bluestacks, the android emulator. i'll look into it when it's not midnight before  4 f*****(so on and so forth) days of 100 degree weather for detasseling of all things. gonna sure be a fun time there. besides, if i get go on my computer, as i said, i'd have to lug my computer everywhere to play it, and that would be awkward, weird, and risky to my computer.
'sup?
@gm, i'll pass that along, she'll be happy to hear that!  the hardest thing for me right now, and the most stressful, is that i want her to have a happy b-day, i want to make her forget for one day all the bad things that we've had to deal with.  i just don't know how i'm going to pull it off.  isn't there supposed to be a point where things get easier? :(
@bakhan: happy birthday to the missus, sorry to hear about the kitty. and i definitely know what it's like when someone is out of town(or gets laid off) and everything they dealt with beind dumped on you, most of the time without prior notice. and yes, this year is terrible. so many legendary artists/actors taken from us this year, so many pets being taken due to medical issues....i think this year may be the apocalypse that was foretold about.
@gm, its a crazy day today.  i was a bit late getting to work as i had to drop off a machine at the hospital.  i had to get a full design (which normally takes me two days) done in under 3 hours (and the contractor still hasn't showed up for it yet...), my boss is out of town so i'm handling all of his stuff, basically everything is very challanging and aggrivating right now.  worst part is, is no matter how bad of a day i wind up having, i have to put on a happy face for when i get home as it is my wifes b-day today.  i wish i could be more excited for her, its just really hard right now.  oh and the worst thing! we just found out our cat has stage 3 renal failure and may only have a few months left.  this is seriously the worst year i can remember.
hi bakhan. how's it going?
good day kittens!
yeah, my work is right by a bunch of stops - times square!  but we aren't allowed on phones during teh shift!  i have had customers come in, have the phones open while eating. :)  i catch a few in my house from time to time... but that spot on the corner of central park is unreal.  it's nonstop.
...i just caught a cp208 pigdeotto without leaving my desk...though i still prefer my forever 404 pkmn not fnd(pidgeot)
oh my...he is too damned cute. our cat kind of wheezes while snoring...so i tend to poke him in the stomach to wake him up.
*did not see that...running to watch little leo snurring*
nice, while sitting at work(due to the buildings and such) i'm typically right between two pokestop, so i threw a lure on one of them today, and someone threw one on the other. i think i might make a friend if we keep doing that. and the fact that the hr girl is playing, there may be more lunchtime walks in the near future.
...and if you scroll down a little, you'll find a video of leonidas snurring.  (purr/snore)
oh.. .and that.  i am super busy with that.  it is so addicting!  i leave early for work now, so many pokestops.  look at my instagram!  i posted a pic of the downpour, and everyone playing hiding under scaffolding.  it's a major hotspot for pokemon.  they pop up nonstop!  https://www.instagram.com/p/bibf0jzjjdv/…
god pokémon go is addicting...even one of our hr girls is addicted to it.
it's that, plus volunteering at aspca and getting a new roommate.  all of the things!
hi creeper! how's the goodie business coming along? still swamped with it and your restaurant job?
i'm not officially a volunteer.  we couldn't make the dessert order work out with elan and ks, sad face.  but i'll be there most of the fest, i'm sure!
good morning kittens!  hello super backers! geist- it's a free event!
morning kittens. another tuesday, another bleeding nose.
gm, too nice? i can fix that; it's supposed to be over 100 3 days in a row this week. and i get to be out in it all day! well, they'll probably have us out by 1 or so, but still. ` so yeah, i just realized i walked about 15 miles today. which normally doesn't leave you feeling like general grievous, but after saturday, my back was so bad that's how i walked all sunday. this wasn't the longest day by any means (time in fields, time ended, even heat or how i felt at the end of the day [we've worked until 5:30 pm before, or whatever the legal limit is, and we've worked to 112 with no humidity, so the heat index was still below the limit for us, though we left early i'm sure, and detasseling is what f***** up my back in the first place, so i've felt much worse from that; barely able to walk]), but it sure was a long one, for the third day in a row. ` good night/morning/evening depending on when you read this and when i read your reply.
aaw man, pokemon go! i wish i had a smartphone. i might get it on my android emulator on my computer, but then i'd have to bring my laptop everywhere pointing it around and asking people if they see a pokemon on the screen. nevermind, that'd be so much fun! ` there was also a sign on the interstate that said "don't pokemon and drive... 107 nebraska deaths this month."  i kinda wanted to take a picture, but again, no smartphone. technologyyyyy!!!!!!!!
6-3:30. that's a normal workday, right? oh, but with the bus ride, 4:30-5:30, and all of that counts for me as the unofficial officially unofficially official assistant-supervisor, so a good 'ol 13 hour day. and it was a nippy 90 degrees, the coldest it's going to get all week. ah, the good life. good news is that i should have earned somewhere around $180-200 today. that last field was not worth it. it's an hour past my bedtime, i'm finally back here, cleaned up, and tired, but i have my icecream and am ready for some downtime. i'll sleep in. that's the spirit.
you guys are omniscient so you probably already know, but....: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1761648823/lazy-ass-cats-a-coloring-book-for-adults
it's too nice outside to be stuck inside...especially after all the rainy weather we had last week.
@egeeked, i would pm that question to them, i don't believe they check here in the comment section.  i doubt it will be available by then anyhow, but hey, it never hurts to ask! ;)
will you guys have imploding kittens at gen con? i must get my grubby mitts on them!
if anyone sees any other kittens, try and put a bug in their ears about the kcc, and see if they are planing on coming.  i just want to make sure that we can look after / provide transport/ lodgings, food, etc., for all that come.  don't want any kittens left out on the street! ;)
bah, pokémon go is starting to annoy me...i got disconnected from it, and tried to sign back in, but keep getting "unable to authenticate" when i try...i know i should be working...but still...i can keep it going on my desk, and if a pokémon comes close, i can capture it while i work. >.>
@gm, well i hope phil can make it too, you guys were pretty popular as i remember! ;) i was more worried about out of town kittens and making sure we had places for them to stay, etc.
@bakhan: i will be there. phil...he's on the fence. i keep telling him to book the time off, and come, but he keeps saying he might be at a different hotel at that time.
@lz: i agree that it's a good thing, since it gets people out of the house and exploring their neighbourhood, city, state/province, and country. hell, there are some of the pokémon that you can't get in your country, so it encourages travel as well. i remember seeing a picture that was a breakdown of the evolution of pokémon. started with something about being able to get together and battle your friends(from the original red/blue versions) all the down to pokémon go where the saying is: go. the. f***. outside.
@lz, ok, thats cool!  i just want to make sure i have provisions in place for everyone.  so far i think we just have you two and geist coming so i can put you guys all up. is anyone else planning on coming?
yes, bakhan, we are! we've got papers in to get our passport cards!
to me, people running into the street to get a pokémon is no different than kids running into the street to get a basketball. i think pokémon go is a good thing overall.
@lz, good to see you bro! hey, are you and the missus still planning on kitten conning in october?
the worst thing about a week off (was at scout camp all of last week) is the mountain of crap waiting for you on monday.
@bakhan: yeah...there are idiots who play it. when you're loading it up, the first thing is shows you on the loading screen is a message that says to pay attention to your surroundings. then, when it finishes loading, a pop up reminder of that comes up. unfortunately, there will always be idiots who don't pay attention and end up getting hurt(like one girl in the us, i believe, who wants to sue the company behind it because she got hit by a car while playing...yet it's the first thing the app says to you).
@gm, from what i've heard its a nightmare! kids walking off of cliffs, people driving into cop cars etc.  i don't know, i missed that pokemon hype train, as far as i know, a pokey mon is a jamacian proctologist... ;)
this new thing is good because it actually gets people out, and wandering around(a lot of the pokemon aren't able to be found easily, and you actually need to search for them). i just need to find people to wander with(it's no fun going alone).
everytime i see a new "it" thing happen and i'm left scratching my head, i wonder, is this the thing that now makes me old and unadaptable? ;)
...with what i just said, i've caught 4 pokemon while sitting at my desk drinking my coffee....
morning kittens! with this new app, i have more reason to go out and wander about(pokémon go came out in canada over the weekend).
@zem, nm, i see it now (it doesn't show up in mobile).... hmmm i wonder if this is some sort of a way to shame me into not backing so many projects... ;)
@zem, super backer?
good morning kittens!
"super! this backer has backed a lot of projects."
well it was just from the awkward position that field made me stand in. detasseling is the reason i have any back problems at all. ` how's your morning, mr. superbacker? what's that even mean?!
@zem, you need to stretch before you go to work and then again when you get home. your back will thank you! ;) hope you feel better soon!
wow, i somehow destroyed my upper back muscles so badly yesterday that even after 9 hours of sleep, i'm still walking like general grievous!
i was surprised nobody commented, but finally remembered it's saturday. that's just another day to me, and the worst day yet by far. if we didn't take sundays off already, i'd sure as hell consider skipping tomorrow.
i've had the "in the jungle" version that was the theme to coming to america stuck in my head for several days now. thankfully it takes turns with other songs, but this is 3 days now of that song having been in my head maybe up to half the time. this version i think: https://www.youtube.com/watch… it's alot more like the original, which is also in my head now, and i also love: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
um, creeper? i wasn't suggesting that i stay at your place. i was asking if you were volunteering at the event. people who help the event planners usually get in free and get swag bags. i wouldn't impose on you in that way.
gm, yeah, but you're also not doing detasseling. a rained-out day took it the heck out of me. it's so demanding, especially physically, but also that i would love to get like 9-10 hours of sleep every day. i need to sleep alot.  ` also, i'm nearing the point where i can't stand myself up from a seated position without supports because your legs get worked so dang much doing this! on an easy day, like today (again, rained out), you'll walk 5 miles or so in harsh conditions. i've walked 15 rounds before, and that's just down and back in a field, each round being one mile typically, not to mention all the other walking you do all day. makes me feel like a desk job wouldn't be so bad after all.
@zem: my normal sleep pattern is go to bed at midnight, get up at 5:45am, 5 days a week. on sat/sun, i get up between 8-8:30 usually.
mine was 1 part milk 2 parts cream.  it is rich, but then you just have a few bites of it.
7 1/2 hours of sleep 2 days in a row is not enough. that may seem normal, but holy cow am i tired right now. and this is after we got lightninged out! waited on the bus for 2 hours for detasseling, but then they finally decided to call us out.
the problem with the rain in calgary, especially because of the elevation is it is very cold.  i bet 100' up its still snow! ;)  there's no singing in the rain here, just freezing! ;) homemade icecream is delicious!  i have an attachment for my kitchen aide that makes icecream, i love it!  i learned the hard way not to actually use cream to make it though, way too rich for my tastes! ;)
we've had mostly rain for the past few day/nights(primarily has rained at night, which is good for the calgary stampede). but today, it doesn't look like it's raining that bad out my window, but my window faces east, and the wind is coming in from the west. i love home made ice cream. last time i had some, was probably 10-13 years ago, we made candy cane ice cream(christmas time, with a hand cranked ice cream maker) when we were having a family reunion on my moms side.
i love summer rains though.  i'm jealous!  we just had a squall go through yesterday.  poor cats got caught in it.  soaked!!    oh!  i have new batch of kittens next door!!
happy birthday to your wife, bakhan!  hope you start to feel better. just gave my ups guy the first batch of my homemade ice cream.  i've had this attachment for 6 months- finally using it!  i think i'm going to make violet and black pepper tonight. would love to make a caramel ice cream, but don't want to spend too much time with the stove on.
well...it got decidedly darker outside.
supposedly there are going to be thunder showers all night long. but, depending on what time i get out of work, i may end up going, or just going home and having the place(almost) to myself, there will just be the fat cat, and my uncles dog.
@gm, doh! yeah, i should have guessed that... ;)  where is lz anyways!? hopefully you guys don't get rained on too hard tonight, been really rainy this year.
@bakhan: a saucy campaign. also, with stampede, i may be going tonight(two uncles and my dad are going to be at the casino there for a bit while my mom, another uncle, aunt and one of their friends are at a concert in the 'dome tonight).
@gm, what other campaign where you waiting for? not that i need any more myself... ;)
@gm, i passed on stampede this year, too expensive, and with my knee the way its been too painful as well.  yeah twd game looks awesome, the game play looks to be exactly what i've been looking for in a zombie survival game.  not to mention that the minis actually look like the tv personalities ( a big plus for me).  any time you wanted to try one of the games you were unable to back, that i have backed, you're more than welcome... just putting that out there... again... ;)
i'm kinda bummed today.  my leg is starting to feel better, i've been walking without a cane for the last couple of days, albiet slowly... ;) and now i have to go to medicine hat this weekend! no! i wanna stay home and take care of the plethora of stuff i have to do from the last several weeks.  if it wasn't my wife's b-day celebration this weekend, i would definitely not be going.  even the drive there is 2.5 hours of my life i'll never get back... :(
@bakhan: that walking dead game you backed looks awesome...too bad there is only one more project i will back this year...and if it doesn't happen until next year, i will back only it then.
good morning kittens.
morning kittens. @creeper: that sucks that you missed the deadline. it probably would have helped boost your personal business even more.
i should hope so- he's the one that wanted to order! doing ek branded items.  there's two pics on my instagram feed of stuff i sent them before. :)
no! that would have been so awesome, to be able to cater to the likes of elan. hehe, he's kind of like a king or something. definitely gaming and internet royalty. plus, then you would have met him personally for sure because he'd make sure to stop by and get some good goodies.
they were going to also have sugar whipped be a part of it and hand out some ek treats, but we missed the deadline for the permits to do so. :(  sad.
go to the kickstarter home page.  it should be the first hting that pops up. volunteering as a place for you to stay?  saddly that i can't offer.  i already share a i bedroom with a roommate.  bedroom is mine, living room is hers.  nyc apartments, man. :(
@creeper: i tried looking for information on the festival but the only thing i see is one that was held in april in washington state.
@creeper: hmmm. i'll have to think about that. it will depend on my current situation. are you volunteering there? hopefully i'll be able to play against you and elan. (i hope i win)
oh man, i want to go to that! also, you should post some recent pictures of leo now; he's not such a lil' nugget anymore, is he? you can put them up when you also put up a predicted 1,357 pictures of you personally meeting elan and playing the game with him. ;)
leo is still nugget and little butt.  precious is precious is precious.
geist- kickstarter is having a festival and elan will be there with giant playing cards.
so is leo, still a.k.a. lil' nugget, a precious now? and why does creeper get so many preciouses?! ` also, i don't know if i mentioned, but i got a butterfly bottle-opener! i'm now addicted to it and have already learned a few tricks. one of the best parts is that you can't cut yourself while learning a trick, though it's a bit bulkier than a blade.
@creeper: huh? wait! what is happening on the 30th? happy to visit nyc. been awhile since i last was there. does this mean i get to take the prec....um, i mean meet leo?
morning bakhan. i so want to go to the stampede, if only to get fresh mini-donuts. they are so much better when freshly made, and not lugged around for half a day in a back pack, then brought home(still good...but not as good). that, and to try the cookies and cream(i believe that's the new ones this year) version.
morning kittens!
@jing, other than that you'll probably have to wait till release and try and get it locally. world wide shipping is definitely getting more expensive.
._. it's really expensive to ship to asia. $9.99 (expansion pack), shipping = $15.51. is this the only way out for us?
need to let geist know she should visit nyc on the 30th!
@zem, congrats! a little extra cash never hurt anyone! ;)
just say, "did we get a new boss by the name of churchill? because i've already given nothing but blood, toil, tears, and sweat for this company." ;) ` whoo! i got a "raise"! since i was doing what i did last year for my brother when he was the bus driver/supervisor, being an all-around unofficial assistant-supervisor (checking people in alot and just watching over them in general), this time since it's a different driver, it wasn't expected and he really appreciated it, so today i got an offer (i couldn't refuse) to be payed my full pay while on the bus as well instead of minimum wage. that's a $6/hour raise for 3 hours/day for doing what extra i was doing for free. now i'm unofficially officially the unofficial assistant-supervisor. that's resume worthy! ;)
i wish it would work that way...unfortunately, i won't be getting a raise anytime soon.
pre-ordered the expansion! whoo hoo!
@gm, tell them you need a raise, as clearly you're pouring your sweat blood and tears into that job! ;)
aaan there is a bit of blood on my shirt. -.-
just my luck....get a bleeding nose at work. -.-
thanks bakhan!
@creeper, sending positive thoughts your way!  i hope that whatever it is, it works out for you!  as much as i would love to have you come up in october, i totally get that its a busy time for you, and i know that kc can't compete with family, nor would we want to.  best of luck, and have fun at ks fest!
@explanitten, good to see you!  doing reasonably well here, i hope things are good for you! no need to be a stranger! (or at least any stranger...) ;)
morning kittens!
nope.  can't go.  restaurant work+business means- not only do i not get paid vacation, i also lose at least a week or two worth of pay.  fall is also busy for my business.  and i have a big trip planned in january.  as much as i love y'all- i only get to leave town once, maybe twice a year.  it's either to go home or visit my sister in italy.
hey, tasha! and yeah, we're used to it! ` creeper, so you're not going to have fun with us, so you're going to have fun without us? you're so rude! at least upload a dozen or so pictures to the litter box. besides, don't worry, geist will likely kidnap you along the way to canada, so see you then! ;)
also forgive me for my salty competitive demeanor.  sad that i can't go to canada.  happy i get to go to kickstarter fest.  bam!
and hiiii tasha!
ha! suck it nerds!  (lovingly) end of the month is kickstarter festival in brooklyn, elan will be there and i'mma go play a giant game of ek with him.  also keep more fingers crossed for me as well- might have more good news to share.
yay! international shipping is available!
expansion kit. woot. amazing how many people don't read all the questions on amazon about it being a mistake and was supposed to ship internationally and they are working to get things fixed. but kitten corps knows you just keep answering the same question over and over again. comment after comment after comment. go kitten corps. hi gang. long time no stop by. i've been busy. hope everyone is well. @geist praying for you.
@moonbase, apparently they're working to fix that situation by the end of the day, chin up mate! ;)
i know i know, i invested - i held on their every word - i rejoiced in being part of it - hell i even own it ( mioaw box an all) all of it! - i played it with friends - they loved  it - i promoted ks because of it - they ordered it - they own it - we all love it!  then amazon day us only? really? really really? little note - remember who got you here - we still love you - just a little p#ssed right now!
i got some vibes i can spare, but first, what kind of goodies are we talking about? that might affect how good of vibes are sent your way.
@geist, sending positive vibes your way! oh and if you hear marky mark, its not my fault! ;) best of luck, you deserve some happiness! ;) oh and theoretically the pre-order will be changed to ship to outside the us, so lets just wait and see... i doubt we'll have it by kitten con, but fingers crossed!
thanks gm. i've got my fingers crossed on this one.
@bakhan: i'll be happy to order a deck for your and gm. from the looks of it, even if i choose the overnight option, it might not get to me under after i've flown to canada. i could see if i can send the decks to your house
@geist: here's hoping everything goes good! just remember, we have your back.
ok kittens. i need your good vibes prayers. i got something good that might happen and if it does, then not only will i be there for the kitten con but i can bring lots of goodies with me.
i'm guessing that not many people here follow inamn's social media posts. he mentioned that the us only shipping was a mistake by amazon and that he hoped to have it fixed by the end of the day. in the least, it doesn't even come out until october, so there is plenty of time for international shipping to get added/fixed.
imma give you another comment/request for implosions here in canada. git 'er done! ;)
woot great stuff, now is the phone app ready for windows phones yet?
for those kind people who actually read the comments before posting a question: ` cal "crblackhawk" rasmussen 43 minutes ago oats said on facebook they are working on getting the shipping for outside the us fixed. hopefully by the end of the day he said.
i wonder what people would think if i just broke out into singing "i'm a little tea pot" at work...think they would send me to an institution?
will the new expansion be available in canada? :( on amazone it says it cannot be shipped to my current address :,(
ordered!!! woohoooo!
will the new expansion be available in europe? (like in amazon.de or (for now) amazon.co.uk?)
well, i preordered it before i even looked at the description. i guess i must really love ek! i mean, i am one of the still-daily corps members, but still, i'm just like "expansion? almost certainly a modified version of the test-deck we already got with the crate? heck yeah!"
whoa, what's all this stuff?! new expansion? shweet! also, maybe this'll bring some old corps members back 'round for a visit!
@cal, thanks for the heads up! cheers!
oats said on facebook they are working on getting the shipping for outside the us fixed. hopefully by the end of the day he said.
maybe one of my us kittens can get it for me? looking at geist and lz! ;)
i'm just exploded because the new expandable deck can't ship to germany.
amazon obviously want to sell ek.  every page i've been on today being prime day in uk, it's offering me ek on offer.
hello...theyre is countries outside of us...europe????
hey, what about canada, we want kittens here as well!!!
the new expansion is up for pre-order, but it won't ship to canada.  sad kitten... (^;_;^)
@zem, i hope they make it worth your while, that sounds like a lot of bs for only two hours of pay. to me anyways... ;)
morning kittens!
morning, gm. it was one of the shortest days ever today. 4 buses, one field, took less than 2 hours! but later this week it should pick up and suck more.
morning kittens.
oh boy, a morning of my favorite thing followed by my second favorite thing. i woke up just as a huge storm started going over us, luckily, so it hadn't even begun flooding yet, but as fast as my brother and i worked, it still piled up all too fast. when is that plumber getting here? it's supposed to do the same tomorrow all freaking day on and off, but we'll be gone and asleep, so i really hope my parents get back today and don't work tomorrow.
especially when they go wonky? you mean they don't every time, especially around holidays?!
...holiday pay is a pain in the ass! it throws so many curve balls that make my head spin, especially when things go wonky.
@zem, its a play on the saying "make hay while the sun is shining".  it means make/save money while you can during the good times, as the good times never last... ;)
@gm, i'll never understand people who freak out at payroll... you know they control your money right? ;)  i'd give them one chance to stop yelling, and then click.  if they call back, transfer the call to your manager.  its all you can do.  sometimes people just need an ear, and i'm fine with that, but when they're looking for a whipping boy, they called the wrong guy! ;)
yeah, gm, as i've said before, thank you very much for showing me thousands of reasons for never going into an entire line of work. your job is especially fun because of the irony of people chewing your ass out for things they fouled up in the first place! i'm sure you see the irony and laugh along as it happens, right? ;)
detassel while the sun is shining? well, i guess we do usually get there just as the sun rises (did i mention i leave home around 4?), but then again, i'd rather work in the late evening; it's not so hot out! today wasn't bad, even better it was dry in the morning so we didn't all get soaked and gross, but it gets nasty hot out there, and we're all wearing long-sleeves and blocked from the wind by the corn! anyways, i could rant for hours, as i'm sure you can tell, but now time for bed. waking up at midnight is the weirdest schedule i've ever had.
unfortunately, it ends up being my problem since the people end up calling me and yelling at me for stuff that is way out of my control.
@gm, sounds like he and or his terminal manager have a problem then... it definitely has nothing to do with you if they can't get their poop in a group.  deadlines are deadlines, and paperwork must be filled out properly, or else.  i guess they should find out what, or else, means... ;)  or have some sort of a temporary provision for these things if its something that happens regularly.  either way, i don't see it being your problem. ;)
@bakhan: and i just found out, he won't be in the office to do the paperwork until thursday....and i have to submit the payroll by 1pm(our time) wednesday to get it paid on time. my head hurts trying to understand the field people(terminal managers included).
@zem, those can be some long days!  but, you're right for temp work, that is good money, detassel while the sun is shining i guess eh? ;)
@gm, he sounds like a volunteer! ;)
bakhan, from 6 am to most often 1-3 pm, though we've gotten out by noon, earlier for rain, or worked as long as we legally could, until like 5:30 or something a few times. regardless it sucks. then again, even for this really short, easy day i earned upwards of $85. if we work to 3, say, i'll get around $150 in one day, which for just a summer job is really good, and that for up to a month straight.
i'm not sure i understand how things are being done out in the field... we have a guy who has been working for us for two weeks now(he has hours submitted and all), but he hasn't been in the office to fill out the new hire paperwork....
@gm, i have a design form that i give my customers to fill out, it has all the info i need to do my designs (i made that form after all...).  i have two instructions at the top, two, and they hardly ever follow them...  so any info they don't include, i go worst case (most expensive) scenario.  its not my problem.  if they need the design re-done, they can pay for it a second time.  thats how i roll.  i'm professional, if they're not, its ok, its just going to cost them... ;)
@bakhan: pretty much. and i will enter their hours into the system(if i've actually received their info to actually have them in the system), and send off the files for the admins to approve...if they have a problem, well, i need the proper paperwork. otherwise those zeroes will remain where they are.
@zem, how many hours a day are you guys out there?
@gm, no pay rate info = volunteer as far as i'm concerned... ;)  oh, they're not volunteers, oh, weird, i didn't see any info regarding their wages in their file? ;)
well, the first day of detasseling (much more commonly known as hell) wasn't bad, but then again it was the first day, training for first years. just wait until we get the nice, 10 foot fields with 1 foot ruts, soaking wet and 50 in the morning, 120 in the afternoon, working until 9 pm (we get out there at 6 am), uphill both ways in the snow kind of fields. ;)
none at all. especially since, as per status quo, i don't get all the information i need. there are about 4 of them(out of 13) that didn't have pay rate information in their packages, or anything about what position they were hired for. so...not my fault if they don't get any pay.
@gm, sorry to hear that, no rest for the wicked it seems... ;)
i knew having friday off was a bad idea....so much paperwork.
morning kittens!
morning kittens. @creeper: don't remind me about that. i would have to do a work around to get the files onto my phone to play since the canadian servers aren't even operational yet.
wow, it's only 4:51 right now? it really feels like 6-7 am! which to a normal person would be afternoon, and to me normally would be around 5 or 6 pm.
no! don't remind me of amazing things i can't have!!! ` well, at least today wasn't only me, there was one other comment. well, yesterday to me. gah! this new schedule is so confusing!
pokemon go will be the death of me.
"... good morning sergeant?" really, though, is nobody here? maybe it's earlier than normal, i haven't been on in the morning for some time, but it is 10:30 here, so someone should be here about now. ` first!!!
also, you wanna know one of the most awkward things ever? going shopping for detasseling food at sam's club only to realize (at the checkout aisle when you already put everything on the belt) that you don't have your mom's membership card and she's currently in guatemala at my uncle's wedding. thankfully the people there are kind and understanding and allowed us to get the food. which is really nice because at that time the start-date was today, the 9th, so we needed the food and i was not in a condition to deal with that after 30 hours awake, 3 hours of sleep, and then 10 hours more awake at that point.
guess whose detasseling start date was pushed back yet again to the 11th? that's right, elkhorn! ` oh, and us too i guess.
good afternoon, bakhan. and a good night from me; this is pretty much 10 pm or so for me.
good morning kittens.
almost 8 hours straight of fallout 3 and i finally had to quit to go eat and do human things. dang it!
dang it, i just now realized all the missed opportunities to make a comparison to a sinking ship! we were bailing the water as fast as we could, but it just wasn't fast enough!
hey, guys! also, i failed at trying to shift my schedule about 15 hours, but thankfully if i stay up for 24 hours (again), then i should be about right. which will be hard on the 3 hours of sleep i got after being up for 30 hours straight... ` gm, we're definitely calling a plumber for that problem. hopefully he'll have it fixed before the next time it rains heavily. ` lz, one thing i will say is that it sure as hell helped out then! that and the full pizza i ate with it. ` hey, creeper! how've you been? come back more often! don't forget to write!
@zem: i've never had a basement flood, not entirely at least. we did have a sewer back-up one day...right before dinner too. my brother, dad, and myself were dealing with it as best we could(ended up calling a plumber).
@creeper: hello there! life seems to be keeping you extremely busy! hopefully you're still finding time for play, and not all work.
hello my loves!  just stopping in for a quick hi!
sorry you have to deal with that, zem. you definitely deserve that drink.
hmm, after two cups of that 2/3 rc 1/3 vodka mix, i may be a bit past being able to drive, if you know what i mean. otherwise, i likely wouldn't be putting this shit on here, would i? ;) ` also, if what i said below didn't get the hell across well enough, know that of what we did that entire time, 1/2 was wasted because of the backed up drain that spat up half of what we bailed into the sink because it was clogged downstream and could only drain a small amount at a time. so the level only really started going down after we decided to throw the water outside instead. ` one thing, though, is that now i couldn't really play fallout 3 well, so i'm taking a break, giving me a chance to catch up on being 6 days behind on youtube because of fallout 3. so i got that going for me, which is nice.
sorry that was long, but i needed to rant really badly. also, it wasn't that much at all, but i can definitely feel the effects right now. and it's so nice after dealing with that shit!
i'm more of a lightweight than i thought i was, i guess. then again, i haven't eaten or even drank anything in several hours. quick confession, i snuck a bit of vodka into some rc i had, but given the morning i just had, you can't blame me. if you want to know how bad, here goes: ` our house has foundational damage, so when it rains, there's way too much leakage in the basement. until recently, most of it was caught by a huge bucket down there, in what was formerly a cellar, but it cracked recently and spills the water out. we have a drain in the floor on the other side of the basement though, so that helps. we just have to bail the water out of that room and bucket and mop/water-vacuum the water out of that and the other room in the basement (thank god we have concrete flooring down there).  anyways, the drain decided to clog, so neither pouring it into the large sink or letting it flow into the drain really helped much; it was really slow and backed way up. so i was vacuuming out of the other room down there and just as it was dry and done, the water in the main room backed up so far it flooded into there causing another 1 1/2 hours of really hard work getting it out. ` i know it's hard to get across just how much of a hell 2+ hours of that every time it rains is, but trust me, it's worse after the clog that made life absolute hell for dozens of reasons. now, in addition to major foundational leaking damage, we have that to deal with.  we'd fix the damage, but obviously that's several thousand dollars easily, way more than we have. and after doing that shit from 2-4:30 am, i deserve a small amount of alcohol to get me through the thousand-yard-stare portion of severe mental and physical trauma that shit entails.
i've never understood why people do that. once, during a school concert, a baby saw a bright red handle and couldn't resist (you have no idea how awkward it is to sing with an alarm going off and the principal waving you to keep going), but that's the only time the person had a legitimate reason, even if it was that they couldn't think for themselves.
well, that was a waste of tax payer money. someone pulled the fire alarm for our building(and being downtown, there is zero chance of the fire department not showing up). ended up with two ladder trucks, and two other engines outside the building. it was definitely not a drill. the firemen looked pissed!
we're pulling an all-nighter today to reset our bodies over 12 hours in preparation for detasseling, to sleep whenever we get back and wake up around midnight. thankfully, though, detasseling start was pushed back a full day to saturday! ` darn you, fallout 3, you're taking all my time for youtube and other games!!!
i have all week to do nothing. unfortunately, detasseling starts likely friday. this year, instead of waking up at 4 and feeling like shit to start off every day of the worst job anyone there will ever have, we're going to wake up at midnight and have a few hours, then sleep after we get back, when we feel tired. it's such a simple and logical solution, yet we never thought of it before in my 8 years now of doing this! still going to suck ass, but it's much better than it was. there's nothing good to say about detasseling except that you're paid. $15/hour for me now too! though that's the limit unless you become a supervisor.
aaaaand...i'm officially done with people....it's not even noon on tuesday...and i am done with people for the week. -.-
i hope it's not so physically draining for me. i hiked to timpanogos cave yesterday. about 1.5 miles from the trail head to the cave entrance, with over 1k foot change in elevation. it's steep and strenuous. at one point, my heart rate was 175. i thought i was going to die.
morning kittens. hopefully today doesn't mentally drain me as much as yesterday...i literally got home, and sat there staring at a black tv screen...i didn't even turn it on for 20minutes.
stupid fallout 3 keeps crashing, but hey, it works most of the time. only like 6 crashes in 10 hours, one by my computer. it's because it's made for windows xp and vista, which for obvious reasons, i'm not running. there's a specific driver it wanted me to turn on, but i couldn't get it to work at all, so i'm stuck with this.
guess what we're eating? that's right, corned beef and cabbage, typical fourth of july food! and one of my favorites! no mashed potatoes though. what kind of irish holiday is this without potatoes?!
i got to play a game on ultra-high settings! sure, it's fallout 3, an 8 year old game, but it's something!
i love how nobody that puts things in the freezer at home labels them anymore...what looked like pork loin turned out to be tuna steak...guess i get to go buy lunch...when trying to save money. -.-
happy fourth to all my american kittens!
morning, gm. happy 4th of july to you north of the border! i mean, it's not a day reserved for alcohol, tobacco, and fireworks (does that mean this is the busiest day for the atf or the biggest holiday off? do they care if it's just fire and not firearms?), but that doesn't mean it can't be happy.
morning kittens. happy 4th of july to all of you south of the border.
that is a nice table! man i wish i had $559! ` too bad you've been so busy. several people's lives just got in the way of them being on here regularly, and many just forgot entirely to even check in. kinda sad, but such is life. down to about 4 or 5 of us regularly now. join us! come back to the dark side!
hi micah.  :) been good.  very busy, but good. yeah, nice table.  it's so much cheaper than the custom, one-off ones you'd get from their (or other) websites.  :)   too bad i have to wait until next year to get it, though...
chameleon!!! how've you been?! we've missed you! (and several other people, but you prominently) ooh, that table looks really nice! even though i'll never be able to afford that, i'm definitely going to take a look at it.
so it would seem my brother is no longer "in-continent". ;)
just popping in to say "hey!".  haven't been in in awhile, so hello to the kittens.  :) has everyone seen the gaming table project by boardgametables.com?  it looks to be a great table for a good price.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1296268806/the-duchess-a-gaming-table-from-boardgametablescom/description
i'm rereading the silmarillion, one of the best books ever, the ultimate history to middle earth. i'm halfway through now and got to one of my favorite and the most badass characters, huan the dog that actually killed sauron! well, his body; you can't kill the maia themselves.
also, yesterday was the 100th anniversary of the beginning of the battle of the somme.  ` this morning, after the day i had the last 2 days, especially how long i was up, i slept like 12-13 hours! i woke up at 4 am because that was a normal night's sleep, but went to sleep again over half an hour later. yeah, i was pretty awake today! ` also saw finding dory. it's a pretty good one.
just popping in to wish a happy belated birthday to canada. 149 years old but doesn't look a day over 50.
even if we found most of the people who left, the weekends would still be dead.
oh, and just got news that the very same exchange student is finally marrying his girlfriend right now! took him way too damn long (really, like 10+ years of being very close) and a pregnancy scare (false positive) to finally convince him. ` wow, it's been a very eventful day! all centering around switzerland... i'm sensing an illuminati-level scheme here...
hooray for sauce!
speaking of which, while going over family records with my grandmother a few days ago, we figured out my great^5 grandfather was swiss, from just a few miles from where our former exchange student/good family friend/virtually family is from, so we might be related! (as in 13th cousins 4 times removed or whatever) if he was the only swiss in our family (we didn't have time to check), that makes us 0.78% swiss! funny that.
welp, just saw my brother off to the airport. in just a mere 60 hours, he will have taken planes, trains, and automobiles to get to leipzig, germany. in fact, 1 car ride (to the airport), 4 flights (all standby and free- his last hurrah from working for delta), and 3 trains. he'll study german in a comprehensive course there for 2 months (starting july 4th even) before hopefully getting everything arranged for a job he's been offered in bern, switzerland! he's the first of our family to move out of the country! really, of anyone in the last 4 generations to actually move to a full other country!
yes, it's still going to be $1k, which should actually help get more pledges than the previous campaign. that will eliminate the problem of people not pledging just because it doesn't look like the project will get funded.
you'd be surprised, but the thing about your campaign was that virtually every supporter was a personal friend, so you'll be able to personally tell them it's back on, which helps a ton. i don't have any worries, really, i'm just too much of a realist for my own good. ` any updates on the new goal, or is it still on to be $1,000? that should be a perfect goal for it if it's enough.
i'm waiting on the new logo. i don't think past supporters will have lost much interest at this point in the game.
no cold-weather camping?! wussy! that's the best time! layer properly for me during canadian october? long pants and a light jacket. i was born canadian somehow. ` lz! how've you been? it's super quiet with everyone gone, so nice to have you back! also, when's the next hot sauce campaign? you can't wait too long; past supporters might lose interest.
@lz, hey brother!  long time no see!  its been a rough couple of weeks, but things are looking up!
@lz: welcome back! it's actually been quite silent around here the past few days. creeper is busy last i heard, geist is dealing with something that went down(and she can always come talk to us if she needs to), not sure what everyone else is doing. and i've just been told to leave if i want to go home.
i got my phone fixed!!! it feels good to be back. how have you all been? i saw something about metal the other day. i love the stuff. best music genre there is!
also guys, if you want to go camping, i'll gladly drive you out where ever you want to go, and then retrieve up your frozen bod... er pick you guys up in a couple of days. ;)
@gm, have i ever told you that i hate the cold!?!  i seriously don't know how i was born in this country.  it starts to get comfortable for me, and people throw on the a/c and start whining about how hot it is.... grrrr! i always tell people, i work in heating, on purpose! ;) i did winter camp as a kid, and hated it.  layer properly for me was try to put on every piece of clothing that i had and sit as close to the fire with blankets on as i could. ;)
@bakhan: what, you never went winter camping? i remember doing that when i was younger...even in tents. just need to layer properly.
@zem, lol! camping in october? i think not! it will be somewhat - very cold at that time.  definitely freezing over night.  i don't think so mister! ;)
@zem, the problem is that she was raised quite differently than i was, and they never went "real" camping.  they always went to koa type campgrounds, with showers, and stores and such.  not real camping.  my family always went way out in the bush (hey its canada, we've got lots and lots of wilderness) and enjoy ourselves out there, "roughing" it for a week or so.  real camping.  acoustics by the fire pit, cooking on and with the fire, fishing, hiking, fireworks, etc.  but my issue is that she will go koa camping, but i won't, i hate it, and she won't go real camping, she hates it.  so, compromise, we go to disney more often! ;)
we should go during kitten con, even if it's the lame kind with all sorts of luxuries. where's all the rest of the corps?! i know there were a few others who loved hardcore camping as well! backpacking is the best, when you carry it all out a few miles, set up camp, and stay there a couple days, or even move it all every day. love it!
i haven't been camping in years. not sure how i would feel about going now...but i just know it's been quite a while.
no... no camping?!  5/7 would freedom again. camping is love. camping. is life.
@zem, i meant personal fireworks that you can buy and light off where ever kinda thing.  when i used to go camping (wife hates it so, no camping for me...) i would buy tons of them, as would my friends.
@zem: there are fireworks, just there are also very strict regulations surrounding them. every year at the stampede, they set off tons if fireworks every night. that's for 10 days straight. there is also global fest that happens every august, where i think it's 4 or 5 countries get an invite to put on their best display, to music, that they can(from my house we can see the higher up ones, but miss all the low ones, and can't hear the music). the one deemed to be the best gets a second night of it, while the others only got one.
no... no fireworks?!?! how do you survive?! we can only have them a couple weeks out of the year, but it's still worth it. one of my favorite holidays.  10/10, would freedom again.
is today over yet? can i go home...i'm sitting her procrastinating my procrastination. -.-
@bakhan: that, and most of the time it's too dry to safely do.
@zem, i've got a good reason for that for myself, its illegal to use fireworks in most places in alberta, especially the cities.  too many horrific accidents with small children.
i feel ashamed; i haven't set off a single firework yet! i may be sick. if i don't check in here for a few days in a row, assume the worst. i can't see any other explanation for this.
good morning kittens!
morning kittens.
... g'nite, ned? https://www.youtube.com/watch… seriously, i leave for another day, and you guys think while the mouse is away, the cats can play? get back to work e̶n̶t̶e̶r̶t̶a̶i̶n̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶m̶e̶ . sorry, i had to "cough" there, i meant entertaining me-... dammit.
evening, gm.
morning kittens.
sorry, in short, this is a whole new level of entitlement. having spoken to many teachers, teens, and parents from europe, especially northern europe, it's nothing akin to our senses of entitlement. having just been that young (not that i'm much older now), i've seen the difference firsthand. ` also, lz, bring on the sauce!
also, if you're saying eu-phile teens are no different, you haven't spent any time with kids around here, in europe, and then spent some time on the internet. hell, 5 european exchange students gives you an even nicer window into what they're like. and trust me, just visit 9gag or something like that. try not to have a heart attack reading those comments. it was a chinese site, moved to america, yet its favorite pastimes are blatant bashing of anything even peripherally indirectly related to something mentioning a subject that could relate to: america, religion (of any sort, though specifics come in often), politics, even the uk now, etc.  and i'm not exaggerating. there have been posts of something truly amazing that everyone can relate to, yet it mentioned maybe a former us marine. trust me, do not read the comments. people say youtube is toxic, but it's pretty nice. if it says soccer, just move along.it's vehement, even to the point that even i avoid comments sometimes!  on the subject of england, did you know the number one complaint is that people over 60 can vote? not even f****** kidding. that's a concern, and not only in one place, not even joking, not even just with younger people... i had no idea that so many people thought having less life experience was actually a good thing when it came to voters... ` i thought of posting a related post i've seen from literally anywhere on the internet, but instead, i found something funny. i give you: the legend of sir bacon! http://9gag.com/gag/axwe2e6
actually, when it comes to metal, the first ones you said there, most, if not all, of the people who started metal since the 60s, disturbed, etc are my favorites. classic rock is quite possibly my favorite genre of all. modern pop, i only like one or two at any given time. modern country is a bit harsh, though some of it is all right, but rap is the hardest on me. really, the only two rappers i've ever liked (after 2000, really, i like the older stuff in all of those genres) are tobymac and matisyahu, but that's kinda weird since they're christian and jewish, respectively. they just know how to rap i guess.  you want to know something funny? one of the first people to sit down with the express purpose of making it to the top of the lists was chad kroger, from nickelback. they were a metal band up until then, but he listened to all the top music for a week before writing one song that was specifically based off of what was popular. now look; they're still played on pop stations occasionally nearly 20 years later! i don't see people's problem with nickelback. then again, those few songs written by people for a reason that make it up to the top lists are the few i like in modern pop.
@zem, lol, good points!  i actually love metal, and hate jazz (its much to crazy, i'll play that when i'm old...).  i'm very strongly in the tonal section and not in fact the atonal.  i wonder if we have differing ideas of metal... the stuff i like is metallica, iron maiden, judas priest, slipknot, motor head, and more power metal stuff like avantasia, rhapsody (of fire), symphony x, etc.  never could pass up some good old fashioned rock 'n' roll either.  i'm pretty much up for anything other than most pop and country, there are of course exceptions.  i think the stuff you're talking about as far as pop music "i'm so fancy..." is that it isn't "real" music.  that stuff has no soul!  its specifically written to conform to that music program that they have that tells you if it will be a top 40 hit or not, based off of algorithims.  music needs to be written by people, not machines.  when you start over processing, looping, using autotune, etc., you strip the life out of it, to the point that, its not even real anymore.  the way i judge a band's worth, is if they can play it live, if no, then they suck. ;) as per the euro youths, they are no different than any other group of youngsters in any other country.  they are passionate because they are young, they have the folly of youth on their side.  i used to think i had the world much more figured out when i was younger too, things seemed so straight forward.  the problem is that, perspective is earned through trials and tribulations, the more experience we have, the broader and typically more accepting our views become.  i don't blame people for feeling or acting a certain way, odds are, they just haven't learned differently yet.  much like your perspective on the kids that tried to bully you in school.  i hope for what its worth that everything works out for the uk and the eu, i'm sure with time it will. sounds like you're going to be busy!  good luck with your detasseling!
@geist, i'm sorry to hear that things are going awry!  hopefully the thought of the coming kitten con and maple bacon brittle will help bouy your spirits a little.  if there is anything i can do or say, or if you just need someone to talk to.... grumpae at gmail dot com.
morning kittens!
oh dear god, enough internet for the day. 60% of everything on it right now is butthurt europeans under 30 saying old people (note: old for a young person is often over 30) screwed england because they're all senile and don't care about the direction the country they're going to live in for 40+ years is going and that having 3 times their entire lifespan's worth of actual experience in how the world works means nothing at all. it was funny at first, but now it's just kinda sad. any comment with any logic on any of those posts is shut down immediately by more young self-righteous europeans who know what's best for the world. yeah, i'm going to stay off meme sites for awhile now.
as for me and my life, i was gone all day because i went to see my grandparents with my brother who's moving to germany and then switzerland to work and so won't see them for some time. tomorrow, when you guys read this, i'll be at my other grandparents doing the same. then on approximately july 7, i start detasseling, so i'll only be around even during late afternoons. i'll try to check in every day though.
pot checked in yesterday as well, though i was the only one around at that time. lz was getting a new phone or his fixed this week i believe. pot obviously has the house to worry about. cb, i dunno, he just strayed away because of how much came up in his life. creeper obviously has so much work that she can only check in every once in awhile, but when she's running a baking empire under our kitten corps foods inc. label, then she might have a little more time to whittle away in here. keeps reminding me of one of my favorite quotable scenes: https://www.youtube.com/watch… and yes, i refrained from the all-too-easy rick roll. it's just "i'm still here el guapo!" *bang* from the 3 amigos.
i love the planets suite! actually, they've found that metal is closest to atonal music. i can hardly stand atonal, but the majority of people who can listen to it and in fact love it are actually metal-heads. though i like alot of metal, but atonal is just too much. which really was the point of the entire style. ` see, you love metal alot, right bakhan? (i forget who the resident metalheads were) if you are, metal is closest to classical alot of the time, but it's also based more strongly off of jazz through its rock origins than most other modern genres, and thus is based more heavily off romantic than anything else. i don't know, i just really love romantic style, but when i think of modern interpretations of classical, i think mostly of "i'm so fancy" or something that repetitive, and by mere association, i want to shoot myself and anyone who had anything to do with the production of that song and many related to it, though not necessarily in that order.
bakhan, on the subject of classical music, i think modern songs, at least the ones i love more, take after romantic era music moreso, though that used many of the same progressions i guess. i really don't care about the chords, it's when there's a very simple theme repeated as incessantly as a mosquito. of course, i love quite a few classical pieces, though 1812 is actually romantic.
fruitcake, no. bacon maple brittle, yes. sorry kittens. something bad happened last week so there will be some radio silence from me for a little while until i can figure this out. rest assured, i will be attending the kitten con in october. nothing  (save death or lack of funds) will keep me from that.
i know that speaking for myself, when i'm too depressed i don't stop by, i don't want to poop on other peoples days.  but, i will say, the corps have always been here for me, and i'm here for the corps!
i know creeper popped in late the other day, she sounded like she was really busy. i think geist is getting swamped at work. the others...i have no explanation for, thus, they need to come and say hi. :p
@gw, wow a random cb? i miss everyone... where did all the kittens go, where is all the fruitcake... ;)
i had a cb sighting today in the pebble 2 campaign.
@gm, sounds good.  i like to listen to all different kinds of things depending on my mood.  sometimes sympathetic things to how i'm feeling, angry, sad, etc., and sometimes contrasting, the opposite of what i'm feeling, angry - soothing, sad - uplifting, etc.  if i buy into my emotions too much, i might as well shut my brain off.  probably why i had such a hard time as a kid honestly.
i also listen to a lot of disturbed on repeat...especially when having a not so great day(legion of monsters being the one i mostly listen to these days, since it helps explain the problem with the media).
@gm, hell yeah!  anything that builds that tension, and then explodes!  i love how they can gradually build and back track a bit, and then build a bit more, and back track, until finally, when you can't stand it anymore, they let 'er rip.  honestly for me, classical music is heavy, i would compare it closest to metal for sure.  very emotional to me anyways.
@bakhan: camina burana is another one. or the whole planets suite.
@zem, even classical music was new at some point.  i think a part of the reason why you find the old stuff, annoyingly repetative, is that music has been building on those themes for a long long time, and you've heard those chord progressions many times already.  for me, it just depends on the song and what its trying to say, or the story its trying to convey.  for me pieces like the 1812 overture never get old, boring or repetative, i could listen to that song all day and never get bored of the progression.  but hey, i'm an audiophile, what can i do? ;p
morning kittens!
good morning. going out to my grandparents today, so don't know when i'll be back, so have all the fun here without me.
morning kittens.
i just realized something weird: i'm perfectly fine with repetition in modern music, but when it comes to classical-era music, i can't stand it! for instance, beethoven's fifth; that kind of repetition. i really love baroque and romantic era music, but most of classical is just annoying to me, but when modern songs repeat a theme in the same way, it's fine.  i think it's just because i expect more of such talented and renowned composers and because typically modern themes are a bit more complex and romantic-inspired and repeated less all the same, whereas some, for instance most rap and some current pop, have mind-numbingly simple themes repeated incessantly, which would be a good reason i hate much of them.
why hasn't the top commenter leaderboard updated since the 12th? it's starting to get kinda annoying.
if i do work at camp again next year (i did 4 years ago), then i'd be doing that and working at the national jamboree later in the summer! then again, that might cut down on time i could be detasseling, which i hate, but at least i get some good money. each of those activities, camp, jambo, and detasseling, all take a month and will try to overlap if i'm not lucky.
@zem, thats great, i know it was a while ago, but i couldn't recall if you followed up on it or not.  its always great to find something that is so much fun that you actually want to do it again!
awhile ago, but it was great! i can't remember all i said on here after getting back, but it was a ton of fun. my grandpa's been going there for like 45 years now, so he's just a fixture there, and it reminded me how much i loved working there, so i may do so again next year even!
@zem, hey howdy mister!  how did the scout camp with your grandpa go?
thanks for making it very clear one line of work i should most definitely never even think of working in, gm!
wow, i wish someone would have told me today was a two-man show improv morning! ;) ` howdy folks. hope the situation gets rectified, gm, though if past performance is an indication of future success...
alright then, if it makes you feel better to grump, you just go ahead... ;) i get it.
once people actually follow the guidelines that will be set, then i will admit it's getting better.
@gm, yes!  logic will win the day, prepare a list of why you need it that way, that should be all you need!  see, its getting better, admit it! ;)
i just got told by my boss that she will back me up 100% on the email thing. so there's that small victory there...not i just need to get everyone in hr to agree.
@gm, it is a normal practice where i work to throw out notes that are not signed.  i don't see it as a strech with the emails.  use the proper headers or else.  it makes it easier.  i do know what you are saying though.  without policies (that are enforced and backed up) its impossible to fix these types of problems.
i wish i could delete them...i would be missing 5x the amount of paperwork that i already am if i did that.
@gm, as per the emails with no proper header, delete them.  have a policy that they must have the appropriate/relevant information in them, or else.  good luck with your meeting tomorrow!
@bakhan: i know my manager would back me up, and enforce that. the vp of hr, she *may* back me up and help inforce it. it will be something that i am bringing up at tomorrow's "gathering of the geniuses"(aka hr and payroll bi-weekly meeting). that, and sending emails that don't have any information in the subject line. makes it extremely difficult to find information when you are searching through hundreds of emails, for one scanned paper.
@gm, what you need is two things.  one a realistic expectation of what is acceptable, so you can set real dead lines.  don't make the deadline, sorry, it will get fixed by next pay schedule.  and two, a manager that will back you up.  we all know that things can pop up or just happen, but its typically the same people that it "happens" to, thereby making it normal for them.  if its enough of a pain in "their" ass, and not yours, they won't screw it up twice. ;)
i just wish people would get me the paperwork i need as soon as it's signed(or a few days after, not almost two weeks after). that way, i have time to get everything correct, and i'm not rushing.
@gm, well sometimes all you can do is just go through it, and hopefully learn something along the way. ;)  maybe this is to prepare you for the future when you'll have it all streamlined and no longer have any last minute issues... ;)
one can only hope. though, getting paperwork on friday(which i was off for) that was signed, and dated, before june 12, all taking effect june 12, and needing 3-4 minutes per change(40 wage changes in total, some are status changes too), and needing to have them in the system before i can even think of uploading payroll files...yeah, knock on wood, it can only get better.
@gm, sorry your day is turning out so badly!  hopefully it turns around for you!
i. hate. this. day. already. morning kittens. can i go back to bed and have this day never happen?
morning kittens! i finally feel somewhat human again! that was the worst gout attack i've ever had. yesterday i was actually able to hobble around on my cane, it felt like a milestone! ;)
hey, pot! howdy! that accounts for one regular face that hasn't been around here lately. all of the last 2 weeks have been scarily close to dead silent. well, thanks for the update and check-in!
hello kittens.  long time no see.  we are in the new house since wednesday the 15th and things were beginning to settle down, boxes are still being unpacked, things without which we cannot live are still missing (and yet we survive) and general chaos is the rule of the day. and today we began demolition on our old house.  because i've had it too easy for too long apparently.  yeeesh.  i hope you all are enjoying your weekend.  i'll check back in when i can. pot, out.
what? it sent out that first one? i thought i accidentally blew up that first comment by tired, obnoxious finger and a stupid keyboard, totally didn't know it actually sent it out.
ouch. who invented 5 am? ` creeper! you should go to a library or something desperate like that to borrow a computer to talk to us in that case.
ouch. who invented 5 am?!
hi kittens.  hope all is well! i've been working non stop and my computer is in the repair shop.  not fun. :(
wakin' up at 5:30 am tomorrow, but we're going down to kansas to spend the day with our former exchange student from japan who's studying there before staying with us for a month and then college in florida.
nope, there is a stark difference in the amount of red that i'm used to being there. after so long, it's really kind of annoying, but also not unpleasant.
is it my imagination or has elan changed the image above?
you know how you get bored while doing something menial? while mowing just now, i imagined (don't remember how this scenario came up) skyping my parents while studying in scotland. and for the rest of the time, i kept thinking of hilarious nonsensical insults i would yell back to my roommates, surprised at how easily they came, and how much funnier they were in a scottish accent! really, very few made sense, but that's what makes them funnier. though they may have sounded better in that specific scenario, so they'd lose their comedy here. episcopalian barrel wench, hamster-driven tesla coil, and dwarf-looking felagund are just some of the ones i can even remember now. one went on for a full sentence! many were inspired by the internet.
what, did everyone take an early weekend and not tell me?
come on, people, it's a friday, not the weekend yet! don't leave me hanging!
nobody on? ah well, i'm supposed to be helping my brother move some stuff right now before he moves to germany, but he disappeared. ` ` also, lz, where's the new campaign?!
they needed the one mutant's powers but liked negasonic's name, so they just took her name and put it on that mutant. i can't remember her original name. colossus has always been probably my favorite x-man, though. and i know deadpool was in x-men, that's why i was so excited about a potential crossover and pissing off of wolverine.  also, the studio had a tiny budget for deadpool and could only afford to license two x-men, but of course they had to have a couple. i know all this already.
dr. sinister? i've only ever heard him referred to as mr. sinister. i've been looking forward to seeing him in the movies. he was always on of my favorite x-men villains. and, of course, there already has been a crossover. remember colossus and negasonic teenage warhead? x-men. of course, deadpool started out as an x-men universe character.
i'm so glad for steam summer sale; i just got just cause 3 and fallout 3 and new vegas, both with full dlc, all for like $10 less than it would take to buy a full new game!
i am so glad my boss told me to go home, and enjoy my weekend. i am mentally done with work.
that may seem a bit long, but trust me, that's as short of an explanation as you can get, and it covers most of the important bits. i literally spent an entire night, after watching civil war and apocalypse one after the other in theaters, maybe 5 or 6 hours straight, on the x-men wiki reading everything about dr. sinister, cable, and extra bits from wolverine, cyclops, jean grey, juggernaught, apocalypse, etc. piecing it all together.
i've seen it 3 times now and it just gets better every time! i really can't wait for the sequel! ` just a heads-up on the sequel, he said it'd have cable. after the end of x-men apocalypse, they hinted at a weapon x and essex corps. i had to look it all up, but i believe the next deadpool movie will actually tie in with the x-men and they might even have crossovers! ` here's why in short: essex, dr. sinister, was a servant of apocalypse and was trying to create weapon x, someone so powerful they could kill apocalypse and free him of his obligation to apocalypse. the culmination of the project over hundreds of years was cable, son of cyclops and a clone of jean grey. deadpool had at least one famous plotline with cable involving time travel, so the next movie could be really good and off of that. also, deadpool-x-men crossover possibilities! especially him pissing off wolverine! and it's especially possible since the old deadpool, the f***-up version, was in the past universe erased in days of future past, so he could fit right in now, if licensing doesn't get in the way as with spider-man and x-men being separate from the avengers.
why can't we have rain days? who the hell wants to work when it is all rainy and thunder storming outside?
deadpool was an awesome movie! i watched it at home the other day, and it was still just as awesome.
@lz: i loved deadpool. pity i only saw it once when it was in theaters. i will take your advice and watch it again while buzzed on some of my homemade bailey's but it's generally a bit tough for me to get toasty nowadays on booze. my tolerance level is pretty high.
sitting on the back patio having cigars and laughing with your entire family is as good, especially a week before one moves to germany for a month and then switzerland for a job. ` oh yeah, lz, the sauce! get that campaign rolling!
deadpool was great before, but it's even better when your toasted!
i'm sorry. i'll see what i can do in the future. for what it's worth, the wife and i have talked about the possibility of moving to evanston. that still wouldn't put us to within 2 hours, though. i think it's time to open up the zombie zin and watch deadpool.
hey, i could drive over tonight. it'd take all night, but it's not like i have anything better to do and i don't pay for my gas since it's all my parent's stuff anyways. yeah, still not gonna happen. you should have just lived closer and then i might have considered it. as in if you lived less than like 2 hours away.
i'm still alive, i promise! i should have my phone back in a week or less. it was $72 to get it fixed. the wife is away at girls' camp and my parents have the kids all night. i decided to take tomorrow off work, so...party at my house!!!! too bad i'll be the only one in attendance.
this appropriately explains your predicaments: https://www.youtube.com/watch… as for me? i just can't wait for tomorrow; steam summer sale starts!
nobody tells me anything in my department except my supervisor. all the rest ignore me like i'm not there unless i'm asking them a question.
i'm in the same boat right now. nobody told me that a guy was transferring divisions(and companies in our system) as of 6/13/2016...we are paying up to the 18th.
@gm: then i'd end up in jail and wouldn't be able to visit you and bakhan in october.
now now geist. what did the keyboard ever do to you? you're supposed to hit the person who is aggravating you.
*bangs head against keyboard* i swear, there is a reason why i'm an introvert at work.
morning kittens. @geist: i know what you mean. for us it's the friday we get off, and you guys get the monday off. i'm lucky enough my manager is letting me take this friday off as well, without using a vacation day.
morning kittens. i really need the july 4th weekend to get here already.
hey, i've got an idea for going to kitten con! we, or at least some of us, can all meet in one place and charter an empty leg flight up! look them up; it's really cool. we could charter a private jet up to canada for extremely cheap if several of us split the cost, maybe even just as much as economy class tickets normally! we should definitely find a place to do this.
i've just never been much of one for haunted houses. been to a couple.
my dad said they chase you with a chainsaw(the teeth removed of course), so it adds that bit of fright to it.
that does sound really cool, misty would be in for that too!
@gm: haunted coalmine, eh? i'll try it out if it's still going on when i get there. i'll do a little searching and see.
bacon maple brittle time! canada time! kitten con time! halloween party time!... wow, this is starting to sound like a listing of assassination classroom episodes.
oh! i almost forgot. i keep hearing about this "haunted coalmine" thing that happens out in drumheller around halloween time. not sure if it's still in operation, or where exactly it is, but that could be interesting to do.
woohoo! bacon maple brittle for me!
@geist, i'm taking it, but it takes time to work. it has go dissolve the crystals. kitten con is totally still on!
@geist: to my knowledge it's still going on. nothing that i have seen suggests otherwise.
@gm: as long as the kitten con is still on...
howdy bakhan. sorry about your gout. isn't there a medication you can take to help ease up on the pain and make it go away?
morning kittens. i'm off of work today. i have an extremely painful gout attack right now. i can only walk very short distances with my cane. hating life right now.
it definitely is getting quieter in here. not sure what we can do to bring people back(though for lz, it was his phone breaking).
it just keeps getting quieter and quieter here... are we going to need to hunt some people down again?! and where's that new hot sauce campaign? the longer you wait, the less likely people will be to re-pledge.
yesterday, i didn't wake up early enough to go to the day after of the wedding, with the leftover food and opening gifts. after that, though, my dad went to the nursing home to visit my grandpa and have a fathers day there. don't worry; we picked out some great cards for my dad and severely burned the chicken for him. ;) i saved the day though. we love hot sauce chicken, basically bone-in chicken and frank's red-hot, like scaled up hot wings, and i told them the charcoal-y chicken compliments the sauce, which it does. pro-tip right there for you.
happy monday everyone! or else...
we had my brother, sister-in-law, nephew, and my mom's cousin and her husband, daughters, and grandsons over for dinner last night. today, my brother and sister-in-law are taking my nephew, dad, and cousins two boys to the zoo. then later, we are having more people over for dinner.
no taking dad out to brunch? or dinner?
yup, we do. and i did, as soon as i walked into the kitchen yesterday morning it was the first thing i said.
morning gm. did you wish your dad a happy father's day? do canadians celebrate that?
morning kittens.
happy father's day to all the dads who are active in their children's lives.
weddings aren't so terrible, i just didn't want to go to one. but really, my highlight of over 8 hours was tying an overhand knot inside a bowline inside a slipknot inside a taut-line hitch. it was pretty magical, though. i re-learned all my knots at camp last week. also a schubert piano piece we listened to on the way back. that was really good.
ooh, and our former japanese exchange student made it back to the us! he'll be studying in kansas for a month, with us again for a few weeks before fall semester, and then moving to florida for school.
this might be the last cousin on this side of my family to get married. no wait, one left. on the other side, however, only 3 people and not much younger, yet none of them have been married. then there's my family, where of us 4 brothers, one has even been in a relationship. also we're the youngest of our relatives; our oldest is only 24, the rest average like 26-28. i guess it's because both my parents were the youngest siblings. anyways, yes, though i love my cousin, i have to sit through a wedding today. and reception. woo social events. the food better be worth it. stupid dress shirt and tie...
i say people should be able to hunt gators. their meat is tasty
this just sounds more and more creepy all the time. other than in sewers in new york city, why aren't there many horror movies of alligators?
@zem, as morbid as this is, alligators don't eat fresh meat.  they normally take their kill and stash it under water, tuck it underneath a fallen tree or what have you, and then come back for it when its started to decay.  i suspect thats why they were able to find him. so sad.
@geist, they actually have full time teams that round up and remove the alligators on a regular (every day) basis.  as soon as a gator is over 4 feet long, they get rid of it.  the problem is, they are in the swamp lands of florida, there isn't much you can do.  any floridian will tell you, if you see a body of water, assume theres a gator in there.  people find them in their swimming pools all the time.  they can even climb fences.  scary stuff.
well, normally it'd be fine if you see an alligator in a pond, just look big and carefully move the hell away. like a rattlesnake. but in a place like that, i'd imagine it was pretty hungry as it was.
@bakhan: i am still wondering why an alligator was in a man made pond on disney property to begin with. not the most friendly creature to begin with.
yeah, the police sounded as unhopeful as they could while talking to the media. as in "we'll retain hope" (but it's really not hopeful). he was a goner one way or another. surprised the gator let him be, though.
@zem: they ended up finding the kid, unfortunately, he had drowned(according to the last story i saw).
gm, that's exactly america's problem when it comes to dealing with mass shootings. on another note, i thought when you mentioned florida for a second that you were actually referring to the nebraskan 2-year-old that was dragged off by an alligator. not much hope for that kid, unfortunately. i think the internet hubbub has dulled me down to the shooting so much that now the kid is a more prominent recent floridian event than it! especially the reddit r/news fiasco about the shooting. holy hell, that was a shit-show!
@bakhan: precisely. the song even says that you are dishonouring the dead by only naming the murderer. i personally think that all news agencies should only post the names of the victims(if the families allow it), and never say anything about the individual(not race, religion, name, or anything).
@geist, hey!  i hope you're doing well!  i agree, i told my wife that last night.  nothing can ever take away our happy place, we spent our first anniversary as a couple there, our honeymoon there, and have been every year for the last seven, at least once, except of course for this year.  damn, terrorists!  i mean, i know that a lot of crazy happens in florida, maybe its the heat? but seriously, stop with the brutality!  that poor family and their child that was taken by that alligator, i don't even know what to say.  the resort that it happened at is our home resort, the one that we bought into.  so sad. @gm, you're damn straight, instead of naming the individuals that commit these attrocities, we need to strike their names from history!  no glory, no infamy, only shame and condemnation!  why should such evil, pathetic, scum bags get any kind of attention.  toss 'em in a hole, and forget the bastards!
hello bakhan. i can understand how your wife feels. i was just in florida two weeks before the tragedy that happened at pulse. if anything, i want to go back to pay my respects. i can't let the terrorist win. orlando will still be my happy place. this isn't the first time a shooting happened in florida and got national attention. there was the trayvon martin case. the difference is that it was one person and the killer walked scott free.
the world is definitely changing. unfortunately, not always for the better. as with the stuff in florida, i think disturbed said it best in one of their songs(legion of monsters), about how putting the murderers name/picture all over the place is essentially making others think they will get the same "glory" treatment that the person they read about in the newspaper/saw on the news.
even though i just got back from some time off, i sure would have loved to have today off.  i'm so tired, still dealing with everything.  my wife has been having an especially rough time.   she's never had a pet before, and never lost one either.  then all that stuff that has happened in florida lately, a place that we always thought of as our happy place, and she doesn't have that anymore either.  those poor people, and that poor poor family!  oh boy.  at least the weekend will be upon us soon, thank god for that!
i wish my boss hadn't announced she was using a vacation day today...then i could have used some of the overtime i've accumulated and had today off instead.
morning kittens!
shoot me. not to kill, just to injury. it would be less painful that what i'm currently dealing with.
morning kittens! @gm: i kinda had the same day you had. only all week. but last night, i decided at the last second to travel to virginia to pick up a pair of shoes that were on sale. afterward, i stopped off at a nearby pub for a quick drink. i ended up chatting with two people and laughing for nearly two hours. i so needed that. one of the reasons why i don't mine traveling alone. you never know what friendships you can spark.
it's been too long since i've been to culvers; i'd forgotten how amazing it is! and we just happened to go there on a day when there were $1 root beer floats!!!
just one glass... bottle. hey, the bottle is glass!
today is a "get home, make sure glass is clean, pour scotch...when bottle is empty, go to sleep" type of day...too bad i won't be drinking that much(definitely at least a glass).
wow, gm, that must really suck for him! i would definitely have brought it up by then.
never call a utility company for information. you will only drive yourself crazy.
well, the manager just approved of the payment i'm going to be doing, so it's all coming his way...now to get the ceo(who is in town right now) to approve of the off-cycle.
maybe this guy is rich. i'd be screaming for my money on the 15th day of working there.
basically. he hasn't said anything, the manager never said anything, only reason i found out, is because of the safety department asking for information to get him set up in all their systems.
@gm: are you saying that the company hasn't paid those employees in a month? and they never said anything?
well...this could be awkward...i just found new hire paperwork for a salaried employee, that was to have started on may 16...and we pay bi-weekly. -.-
morning kittens.
the problem with naps over an hour is that just after you wake up, you feel more tired than before you slept. but considering i had half the sleep i need before it, my brain realized pretty fast it was better off.  still, weird how naps can suck sometimes. i almost went back to sleep, but i'd end up sleeping for like 6 hours straight.
i just had our printer on this side of the office tell me to remove papers from tray so it could continue printing the new hire packets....and that's only 10/16 that i sent to the printer.
i still don't know how i'm getting up there. i think it was that i was either driving to salt lake or near chicago, depending on which person thinks they could put up with me in a car the longest. or loses at rock paper scissors. i mean, i'll likely be reading the whole time. and probably focusing heavily on physical chem, because freaking p-chem.
my friend and i will be coming to the kitten con in october. i've been looking at some airline prices. trying to see if i can get a something cheaper than the $193 each way price that i've seen.
seriously, where is he? at least lz has an excuse for now showing up to corps.
i see he's been commenting in another campaign, so i know he's still around...just haven't spoken to him.
where is bakhan? i hope he is doing ok.
shit hit the fan, and it hasn't stopped. doesn't the office stink when that happens?
zem, it's not that i'm tired, shit hit the fan, and it hasn't stopped.
yup. the work goes around and money comes around. i do neither, so i don't have either. ` also... yes, you should know who you're talking to. *spooky ghost voice* "goooo baaack tooo beeeeed!!!" that's why i said brag about my nap.
also...i knew that i should have listened to my body and stayed in bed...
zem, just remember that what goes around comes around. most of us here are up at, or before, 6am on a daily basis to get to work, put in 8-12 hour days with little more than an hour of break time(that includes coffee breaks and lunch), then do the commute home.
i was up until about 1:30-2 am and woke up at 6 am for whatever reason. i tried to go back to sleep for 2 hours, and though i felt really, really tired, i just couldn't. i'll have to nap later today. i'll make sure to brag about it. it's the hard-knocks life... for me.
morning kittens. hopefully today isn't like yesterday. didn't get out of here until almost 7pm...and still have lots that i need to get done. -.-
top o' the mornin', geist.
morning kittens. hump wednesday already?  good
where is everyone this week? only two of you checking in once or twice per day and me.
all the regulars who disappeared after the campaign. yes, even prof.
wonder how everyone who hasn't been on lately is doing...
really geist? i'd think it'd be an open cafeteria, but you have to have it with tequila and beer. no eating on an empty stomach. and don't forget the irish coffee in the lounge.
maybe they could put that down as an employee benefit. one shot of tequila with a beer chaser with lunch. (you have to have it with food. no drinking on an empty stomach)
lol@gm
and that is why your job should have an open bar there, fixed it for you geist. ;)
and that is why your job should have a bar.
this day may end up being a big pain in the ass.
after the shitty day i had at work, i am convinced even more that i wad never meant to work in an office
my phone died. i can't check in here during the work day until it gets fixed. that will be a week or more...
kinda quiet today, huh? did something happen last week that nobody's gotten me up to date on yet that explains all the absences? any doctors' notes?
holy cow, check out r/news! it's worse than a sensationalist tabloid magazine in there! 90,000 subscribers lost due to all of that! such is the internet, and we all know reddit is internet concentrate. just add water. or vodka.
actually, the major reason i went to sleep then was to avoid my dad who'd wake up at 6. turns out my mom had to work today, so she woke up literally at the exact wrong time. one minute earlier and she wouldn't have seen me. now i can't stay up past midnight. ah, the life. now i have to live like a semi-normal person!
my weekend wasn't too bad, except trying to get pictures hung back up after the renovations. it was mostly me sitting there, listening to my mom and dad try and figure out what to put where....we hung 6 pictures in about 2-3 hours. other than that, had my grandma, aunt, uncle, sister-in-law, and nephew over for dinner last night.
how was your weekend gm? i spent most of saturday at the movies.
morning kittens. another fun(ha!) filled day ahead.
morning kittens. happy monday. (no such thing, of course)
hah! beat you all up today! wait... i went the long way 'round. um... see you all in 6 or 7 hours! aah, 5 am. when it's 70 degrees, not 95.
a nice beautiful 101 today. aah, wonderful, huh? good thing my room doesn't have good insulation and only a small ac unit and a fan; it's 83 degrees in there! so nice. i think i'll have my nap elsewhere. yet another reason i'm up so late is that my room isn't cool enough to sleep in until after midnight, and in the summer, even then it's too warm.
that's all on the corps site, remember, geist? also, that's awesome, pot! the project is finally coming to a close (eventually)! kinda cool to have been hearing about it since pretty much the beginning. wow, we've been on here way too long, huh?
that is wonderful news pot! you will have to remind me what city/state you live in so i can check out airline tickets
hey gang.  kinda out of it right now, long day moving and setting up the new house.  more tomorrow. monday the dumpster gets delivered to our current home to start tossing old furniture and the detritus generated by the remodel before we try to flip it.  tuesday the packing team shows up to deal with what's left and wednesday the move happens.  housewarming the first weekend in august.
so i just watched a guy play pachelbel's canon in d on a ruler, but other than that, pretty much a normal day. actually, that is a normal day for me. what am i saying?
also, i'm not going to read through the entire week's worth of comments here (i've seen smaller dissertations), so i hope you all have your week's-end notepads handy to brief me on all the life that happened while i was gone! ` also, yes, camp was really awesome, as always. reminded me of how much i loved working there a few years ago, so i think i'll go back and work there next year!
the prodigal son returneth!
it completely stopped working.
bricked?
bad news: my smartphone bricked itself yesterday. good news: i nailed the eleven wings challenge!
well kittens, i'm going to call it a week and head home. maybe next week will return to regular scheduled chatting. ;)
nothing like ending your week with one of the most mind numbing tasks ever....going through the payroll system, and changing all the shop rates(manually) to the new cost cutting rate...for 300-400 employees...possibly more.
more like the regional manager he works under is a lazy twat herself. i swear, all but one slacks at their job. i'm painted as the bad guy if i ask the pm to do their job more than once but let the vendor threaten to sue, then they want to rush a payment through.
probably because of his connections within the company. that's usually how it is.
my friday will be happy when the day is done. i just caught a property manager in a lie and realized he has lied to me before about his work. how is it he still has a job and can be that lazy yet i would get in major trouble if i acted like him?
morning kittens, and happy friday!
i didn't tell you guys about my experience at awesome con this past weekend. this was my first time volunteering at the convention and most of the time, it was fun. plenty of people in costumes and a better variety of vendors. they had me stationed at the photo ops area. that means i kept the lines of people waiting to get an autograph or picture with a star moving and organized as well as tried to prevent people from taking pictures of said stars without their permission. on saturday i was assigned to ron perlman and then on sunday matthew lewis. i didn't get to chat with either of them but i got ron's autograph on a poster i have. ron's booth was stationed next to michael rooker's and those two guys would photo bomb each other fan photo. during the convention, some ass-munch decided to come dressed up as pedo-bear. he promptly got kicked out of the convention. another guy threatened a panelist and got barred for all three days. a woman was barred but the alert didn't say why.
morning kittens. @geist: i haven't gone to see all that many, but i have seen a few.
morning kittens. almost the weekend. looking forward to catching up on all the summer block busters that i've missed.
quiet week in here. though, zem is off at that camp this week, isn't he?
@gm: *shudder* sound gross. i don't know how those competitive eaters manage not to have indigestion from shoving barely chewed food into their stomachs. i would simply puke.
morning kittens. @geist: it could possibly lead to choking, but at the same time, if you do it right you can do so with little to no chewing necessary(i actually went out for wings with my friend last night and tested that theory...a little awkward the first few times, but it got easier).
bite and swallow without it touching your tongue that sounds like a recipe for a guarantee choking.
doing a social experiment that is currently failing.  i relaunched my qr poems with only one reward level a digital copy of the poems. 1 buck, set my goal at 1k.  face book and twitter are failing me so far.  will this group get the point and join me?  abstract-art-in-4d type that in the search.  i have enough respect not to post the actual link.
well, as far as i've discerned(never actually done any of the challenges), if you can bite and swallow without it touching your tongue that much, it should be rather quick to do. but again, this is only from an observational point.
yeah. the big obstacle will be the scovilles.
wings don't generally take that long to eat though. two or three bites is they typical amount it takes for me to eat a normal bone-in chicken wing.
the wings must not be that big if it is possible to consume 11 of them in 11 minutes.
i'll let you know how this one is. i've only ever tried one heat challenge. it was pretty bad. it was the legend of the pfall challenge at india fusion. it's insanely hot red curry. i did it wrong, though. i ordered lamb in the sauce (was later told i should've done chicken), and i mixed the sauce into the rice. if i hadn't mixed the sauce and the rice, i probably would have finished it.
ah, one of those challenges. sometimes those are easy because the sauce they use isn't that hot. other times, it's insane. i remember sitting at a buffalo wild wings one night with my friend, and this 8 year old wanted to try their challenge...they gave him a hot sauce that was 1/3 the strength, and he finished the wings fast and easily.
you get 11 minutes to eat 11 of wing coop's hottest wings without any dipping sauces or drinks.
what is this 11 wing challenge you speak of?
i'm doing the 11 wing challenge on friday.
morning kittens. @creeper: oh, i'm not forgetting those days. at least then, you could go to the cooler/freezer to "stock up". we don't even have decent air conditioning in this building.
now now, gm- don't forget your days in the kitchen!  i am a violent hot person right now.   always so hot. i looked at a coworker one night and said "what's it like to work in an office where sometimes you bring a sweater because you're cold?" also- alec baldwin told me my lips were an extraordinary shade of red.
yeah, didn't think anyone would do that. you're pretty much stuck with the hvac system you get when you build the place.
and that's another reason they won't do it i believe.
@gm, now you're getting into my territory! if the building isn't piped to have individual control, retro fitting it would be a walls off reno.  they'd have to shut the building down for months. floor by floor though.
it's an older building downtown. there is no way they will dish out the cash to upgrade it all(would probably be cheaper to tear the entire building down and restart)
indeed. too bad your company didn't have the foresight to put thermostats in each office.
i wish...but the vp of hr has her office a few doors down, and the thermostat is in the office after hers. this summer is going to be so much fun, since it is likely to be hotter than normal.
that's one of the benefits of being the boss: i set the thermostat where i like it and no one complains
i'm on the verge of sweating. biggest problem...i work with a lot of women who get cold super easy. as in, room temperature is way too cold for them.
@gm, i'd trade in a heart beat!  my office is freezing cold (20c), damn air conditioning!
i need a fan here at work...it's damned hot in my office.
@gm, i could see that for sure.  if its done right, that could look really nice.  wouldn't work for my yard though.  also anything that might disrupt our halloween display would be a no go! ;)
@bakhan: our front yard is rather small, and since we terraced both side yards, getting the mower up to the front became a huge pain. so the decision was made the get rid of it all and just have stones, and flower pots/some plants that can grow up through the rocks. @lz: we only have grass in the back because we have little cousins that come around, and during the summer, enjoy playing outside.
@lz, thanks!  i'm going to give that a shot next year for sure!  i could use some roses in my front yard too, they would look better than the weed that keep popping up... ;)
i want to get rid of all my grass, especially in the back. i'd rather have a hot sauce garden back there. yes, bakhan, that's exactly how you do roses. i didn't use the root stim this time around, though. i figured taking a cutting of an actively growing stalk would be fine. it took a while, but it worked!
@gm, i wish!  my front yard (as you have seen) is huge!  i don't think it'd look good with stone though, especially as it wraps three sides of my house.  i want to put artificial grass in the back yard, because it is a small area, and fake grass doesn't show pet damage.  although the last part won't be an issue for many years.  i've decided not to get another dog until i retire.
we took out all the grass we had in the front, and put some colourful stones in instead. less work out front now. and we don't have all that much grass in the backyard either.
@lz, thats awesome.  while i've lots of experience with other types of plants (some of which may be illegal...) i've never tried a cutting from a rose bush.  is it the standard way, take a cutting, give it some root stim and soak in water till it sprouts roots, or is it different?  the only saving grace with my back yard (really a side yard) is that it is small.  that said the grass was over a foot tall! just hadn't felt up to it before yesterday.  i always keep my front lawn well mowed as i don't want to piss off the neighbours... ;)
i need to tame my back yard, as well. i also haven't mowed it yet. i also recently planted a couple of new roses in my front yard. they're finally showing new growth. even more exciting, though, is the cutting i took from an existing rose is starting to show new growth.
so i spent a lot of time outside this weekend, as it was so nice.  we went golfing at a little 9 hole par three that was fun, i haven't had my clubs out for a couple of years, so i sucked pretty bad.  by the end i was shaping up nicely though.  yesterday i finally tackled my back yard.  i hadn't mowed it this year yet and it was completely out of control.  i also planted a rose bush that my sister in law gave me, as a memorial to freddy.  when it roots in, i'm sure it will look great, it dropped a lot of rose petals while i was planting it.
@gm, probably because the higher ups don't really care.  they just want, what they want, when they want it.  if that causes problems for you, not their problem. ;)
morning kittens. another fun filled day ahead. why can't the higher ups decide to ask payroll when it would be best to have the rate rollbacks take effect, or even raises? having it happen in the middle(or even 3/4) of the way through the pay cycle is way more work than they realize.
morning kittens.
morning kittens. note to self: the next time i work a convention, i will wear comfortable shoes. even if they have to be crocs.
don't have too exciting of lives, people; i have to catch up on a full week of them!
hell yea! this campaign is going to rule! ` also, i may check in one more time in the morning, but after tonight, keep tabs on all that happens here this week so you can all brief me when i come back.
labeler: $400. i can get this thing going for $1k or so!
happy way-too-early-in-the-morning, everyone. and a merry weekend to you too. seriously, what sane person wakes up at 9 am?! okay, okay, well who wakes up that early in summer?! fine, whatever, what sane person wakes a college-age person up this early in summer?!
can't say i'm surprised about this one. he was 74 and very sick.
2016: year of the dead, celebrity edition.
indeed. 2016 is making me glad i'm not famous.
ugh. i know.  2016 is a grim reaper.
2016 has claimed another victim.
holy crap.  the house is ready for move-in?!? we've known you that long?  congrats!!! and i cannot wait for the hot sauce!!  congrats on the new numbers! yaaaas.
hooray for the new house!!! that's so exciting, pot! plus, then you'll have more time to be on here! well, probably still not for awhile since you'll still have some finishing touches to apply once you move in, but that's still really awesome!
hey gang.  sorry i haven't been around much lately.  casa contento del norte is ready for move in.  we've been taking things over daily for a couple of weeks, and now at long last we have a move in day set.  june 15 is the day.  after that i will be speaking to you all from my new house.  any extra good karma you have lying about will be cheerfully accepted.
filthy hobbitses.
you don't need to go, baginses. join the party!
heh heh heh! he didn't notice i picked a ring from his pocket as he left! it's a beautiful gold ring. plain, but still, i really like it. really like it. really, really like it... stay away! it's my ring! you can't have it!!!
lol sorry just stopped in to check on something and saw people still around.  i'll crawl back into my hole now.  carry on...
this is our home. we live here.
@baginses, um, thanks for coming out?
you're still here? it's over. go home. go. -ferris bueller
@zem, just remember that for when i eventually get my maple bacon brittle ks going... ;)
i know, lz, and most people on the thing are your friends you can tell to repledge once it's back up, but be forewarned that of the couple campaigns i've seen have to restart, none of them get all the backers back. but, they do all make more money the second time! so, it's not that bad at all.  besides, free bottle!!! ` bakhan, we're all pledging for the sauce, the person, and the corps (and with it unofficial pacts of friendship to support each other all the time). we should really be buying 3 orders each!
@lz, we'll back it because the sauce, like yourself, is fricken amazing! ;)
i am going to give it a try. i think everyone will repledge. i mean, why not? there's a bonus bottle in it for those who do, after all.
that's a good thing, gm. hot sauce is supposed to burn. builds character! ;)
@zem: i don't know...i got burned once by the sauce(had just a tad too much of it last night...) :p
i knew there had to be a perfect plan, lz! hot sauce 4 lyfe!!! this campaign's goal will be much better, and *hopefully* everyone from the last campaign repledges instantly!
happy for you lz. if you want to do a ks campaign to pay for the machine and permit, i'm sure you can raise enough for that. why not give it a try?
@lz, congrats brother!  thats great news! not having to get a facility to do it for you should save a ton!  whoo hoo!
woo sauce! that sounds awesome lz
good news everyone!! i found a sauce bottle filling machine for $400! that means i just need to get a food handlers' permit, the filler, and a labeler and rent space in a commercial kitchen, and i can get this thing going for much less than i thought!!!
me as well geist, me as well.
saturday. i need it to be saturday right now.
morning kittens.
good morning kittens!
some good ideas and points there, creeper! now, it's 3 am and time for a nap. a nice, long nap. i haven't gotten enough sleep the last 4 or 5 days, and i'm on break!
@lz- looking forward to the next campaign! i would wait more than just a few weeks.  i like the idea of local businesses.  restaurants, too.  build up more of an audience.  work on social media- instagram and hashtag the f out of it.  it's frustrating at times because even if you feel like you have a lot of support- when it comes down to money- it dwindles quickly.   i have a couple hundred followers on instagram (sugarwhippednyc- yes, i'm plugging myself) for my business- but each photo only gets about 20 likes.  i've had my business for a few years, and i'm sure if i did a kickstarter- i would very much struggle to meet my goal. build up the fan base first.  if you've watched interviews with elan- he's mentioned kickstarter as not a way to start a business- but to make an established idea/company to the next step. i'm totally craving some hot sauce right now... i want some!!! get some good professional photographs, get a few small stores or a restaurant to carry it- if that's at all possible... do those small batches and hand out samples as often as you can.  once people are hooked, they'll back.
lz on his campaign, cb quoted in the press, bakhan pulling a me... i missed quite a bit today! ` sure am going to miss it all next week. dang, i wish i could take my laptop with me. or had a smartphone. there's a *chance* i might get one this summer, but still not super likely. fun to think about though. why couldn't i have those parents that buy their 4 year-olds smartphones?!
i don't see anything wrong, bakhan! several comments catching up followed by several hours minimum all alone? i would still be doing that if i were able to be around more.
you should never go full zem. :p
wow, it seems i've pulled a zem... ;)
@lz, i'm sorry this campaign didn't work out for you, no worries though i'll be back!  i will definitely be out of your sauces by october, so, i need the hook up! ;)
@cb, someday i would love to be able to get out to more of the different parks, like the ones you've been talking about!  so many rollercoasters, so little time... :(  i've always loved thrill rides and the general carnival style feel of being in the parks.  its so sureal that it takes you away from the mundane, which is only a great thing!
@geist, well exactly!  you need to go with the right (and if i may be so bold, cool) people!  i know that between my wife, our good friend mike, and i, you'll be covered on all bases, and should have a rediculously good time. as it should be right?  also, all the nightmare stuff!  i love it!  haunted mansion too!  in california, they actually turn the haunted mansion into the nightmare before christmas.  it is truly awesome!  plus the fireworks for the mickey's not so scary halloween party heavily feature oogie boogie!
@gm, well then the parks are still a good option because there are only a handful of rollercoasters vs tons of other rides that you should be fine with.  the mummy ride that zem refrenced earlier, is like a hybrid rollercoaster/thrill ride.  it is a ton of fun, and definitely worth the risk, as far as i can remember it doesn't even flip upside down.
@lz, i'm still holding out for a zombitten sauce.  purgatory is a more appropriate for a medium to hot sauce than for a super-hot one.
geist, yes, i will have a website. i am looking at the possibility of selling it through amazon prime.
@cb: that's okay, i made reference to the village people yesterday...because i didn't proof read. xd
... hover over the precipice ... i swear, i proofread these before posting and i still can't eliminate the typos!
then this week i bought a gold pass to carowinds on monday.  i went to pick it up on tuesday after work.  unfortunately, a thunderstorm passed through right when i was there, so all of the coasters were shut down.  i'll have to go back to ride the fury 325 again.  i'm wanting to get my courage up to ride the valravn the next time i get to cedar point.  that thing looks like a bird of prey swooping down on it victim not once, but twice during the same ride.  rignt before the first plunge, they hover vfer the precipice before dropping down.
@lz: are you going to set up a website where people can buy your sauce after they have used up what they purchased in the campaign?
i went to cedar point with a friend of mine the weekend before memorial day.  normally, i would have gone on every coaster with him, but i wasn't feeling 100% after a 12-hour drive the day before.  i did manage to work up the strength to ride the rougaru coaster though.  it had five inversions in a single ride and i like inversions.  amusingly, my friend didn't like it as much due to the amount of side-to-side g-forces on the ride.
@bakhan: i actually knew in advance that she didn't like roller coasters but i thought it wouldn't impact enjoyment of the parks. it turned out to irritate me because i felt bad about her waiting for me to finish the ride in the heat. plus, there were characters that were all over the park but she just kept walking, not wanting to take a picture with any of them. i learned my lesson. i need to go to places like this with people who are on the same page as me. if i do go with them, it's with the understanding that i will be doing my own thing. i can't wait to go with you and the missus. we are going to have such fun! (not like that!) i am already planning on how much spending money i'm going to bring on the trip as i didn't get all of the nightmare before christmas ornaments that i wanted.
zem, the new project will be in a few weeks. i'm reevaluating how i'm going to do things.
@bakhan: as far as i recall, they don't. but there was only on (almost) the same type of ride i went on, and that was at california adventure in anaheim. though, that was years ago(which is weird, i could do the hollywood tower of terror, but not the actual rollercoasters).
morning kittens. thanks @bakhan.  it was fun doing the interview.  the article makes it sound like pebble health is my favorite app, but actually, i like the messaging better.  it's fun when someone else asks for my opinion though.
@gm, well that i understand at least.  if it makes you feel sick, please for the love of jebus, don't go! lol! i'd wind up being the guy behind you for sure. ;)  theres still a ton of stuff to do, even if you don't like the rides.  do the 3d motion rides affect you the same way?
morning kittens. @bakhan: i don't tend to go on all rides, most rollercoasters actually make me queasy, so i tend to avoid a good 90% of them.
@idle, thanks for that! @cb, awesome!  not too shaby being quoted in an mit article!
well, here he is: https://www.technologyreview.com/s/601602/how-pebble-is-killing-it-on-kickstarter/ going up our butt is ;)
@giest, good morning m'lady.  still can't believe you guys didn't do all the rollercoasters.  i can honestly say the only reason i've missed some of the rides at universal was because (emberassing as it is) i was too big to fit in the restraints, other than that i've done all the rides.  i guess i just can't understand why, if you can actually go on the ride your friend didn't want to.
morning bakhan. i missed idle? damn need to sleep. the press? did cb win the lottery?
@idle, cb in the press?  que?
good morning kittens!
haha @cb made it all the way into the press!
well, the hot sauce project (as was expected) didn't make the goal, but you said you were starting a new one with a lower goal? is that project going up tomorrow then?
how did you not go on all of the coasters at least once?!?! please at least tell me you found your way to the mummy and hulk ones if you were in the right parks! the aerosmith one was pretty good as well, or at least i thought so, and the tower of terror edged its way into my list.
@geist, what!?! you guys didn't go on all the rollercoasters?  what did you do? lol! i don't like rollercoasters, i love them, we both do!  as far as the shops go, my wife is the queen of shopping, seriously, people have tried to hang with her and failed! ;) you'll have no issues there.  we didn't get to the ripley's, but i went to the one in niagra years and years ago, it was cool.  we're always up for good times, and my wife is really good at figuring out how to fit everything in.  we can make it work!
@bakhan: as long as you like riding roller coasters. i wanted to get on all of the rides but my friend wasn't interested. plus, i wanted to explore the hp shops more but i didn't want her to wait too long outside. (it doesn't take that long for her to smoke a cigarette) did you and your wife get to visit the ripley's museum? i loved it! lots of things to see and touch. wonderworks was ok. a little run down in my opinion. i wanted to take a try in the eye but my friend is afraid of heights and we were rushing so i didn't go. next time i go down there, i will visit all of those places and more plus some of the used book stores and independent shops.
@geist, well, lets agree to disagree! ;)  i actually would love to debate that, and i think that we may be able to show you a couple of things about disney, ie: where to get the good food! ;)  i do agree though, universal has some good food, again, if you know where to go.  regardless of which park you are in, the food is very expensive.  as it gets closer, we can firm up some plans, but it would be great to have you along! its like a pre-game halloween party for us!
yay...after an hour and a half(almost) updates are finally done being installed on my computer.
@bakhan: that is the express pass that you are talking about. it's only good if you are with someone or with a group of people and insist on getting on the rides at the same time. my friend and i rode together and hopped in the single line so that we didn't have to purchase an express pass. i have no problem traveling by myself. gives one a chance to practice people skills and make new friends. if i waited on my friends to travel with me, i'd never go anywhere. i disagree with you on which is better. both are great but there is something about universal studios that i really enjoyed. food: universal wins. i've had the ala carte breakfasts at disney and they were luke warm, low quality and way over priced. the food inside universal was tastier and arrived to you nice and fresh. you guys going in october 2017? sign me up! just give me the dates and i'll try my very best to be there!
by the way, if you're ever feeling like something calming yet very interesting, complex, and exciting late at night, listen to rachmaninoff's piano concertos! number 3 is one of my all-time favorite songs, and widely considered the most difficult of any piece to play due to endurance requirements.  i do that sometimes, especially the one i found with sheet music, https://www.youtube.com/watch… , and it's a perfect end to a day.  ` also, you may rather want to use this link instead: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
ahoy, ma peeps. did you know that if graham bell had his way, we'd answer the phone with ahoy? *the more you know!* ` okay, the garden is tilled and about half planted finally, but we also need to mow soon. doesn't seem like much work spelled out like that, but trust me, it is! can't wait until late july and early august when it's over 100 f every day and super humid too! detasseling, mowing, etc... ` haha, the construction worker village person in his retirement working as a bouncer at a tim hortons... great way to start the afternoon!
note to self: save as much money as possible...hopefully have a girlfriend...and plan a trip sometime.
holy moly, hows that for a wall of text? ;)
@geist, i'm glad that you had some fun!  i'm sorry that you didn't get a chance to do everything that you wanted to though.  we normally spend two days at universal and ten or so at the various disney parks, and we like to have a couple of days just tooling around and having fun being in the states, shopping, etc.  the parks can be very tiring depending on how you appoach them.  my wife is our trip planner so i'm pretty lucky that way, she always spaces out the day so that we have breaks and chances to rest along the way.  one of the things that i recommend for universal is their front of the line pass (or whatever they call it).  i know that it adds a lot to the cost of your day, but it virtually eliminates all the line ups (only a couple of the rides don't have that option).  for me the biggest killer is waiting in lines, when i'm walking i'm ok, the standing really hurts my knees and ankles (both of which were pretty badly screwed up by a childhood disease).  with that special pass, we can do pretty much everything in both universal parks in two days, i don't know how long it would take with out it.  oh, and we have had many many butter beers!  i'm a one a day kind of guy, but my wife loves them so much, she actually plans our route to include a couple of stops, per day, through the wizarding world to get another cup! ;) overall, universal is good, but its no disney. ;)  we may be biased though.  my wife and i, are definitely more like children than adults, especially when in the parks!  there are definitely things about universal that i like better than disney, but overall experience wise, i think that disney has much more to offer.  i think mostly its the way they make me feel.  going to universal, i know i'm going to have a good time, good rides, decent entertainment, good food, good atmosphere, etc.  going to disney, for us, is like going to mecha, a return to simpler times.  just being there, i can feel my clock running backwards, especially as we race off to our next ride!  i honestly don't think a person can go wrong going to either park though. going by yourself just sounds so lonely though!  maybe find a friend that is more in tune with how you want to do things? oh, and get the rental car in your name, then you get to make the decisions on when to leave, where to go, etc. if you are interested (i don't have the exact dates yet) we are heading to california to hit up all the parks in late september / early october next year (2017), and we are going to do all the halloween events!  disney has mickey's not so scary halloween party, where even adults can dress up and trick or treat (and they don't skimp on the candy!).  universal has haunted horror nights, which we went to last year and it was a blast! knottsberry farms, becomes knott's scary farm and we went four or five years ago and had a terrific time!  we might not suck to hang out with, just saying... ;) look forward to seeing your pics!
@bakhan: i arrived back home late yesterday. for the most part, i had a wonderful time. hands down, universal studios is a much more enjoyable park then disney. both are pricey but universal has stuff for adults and isn't afraid to hide that fact. the butter beer was excellent. i highly recommend you have some if you've never tried it before. i loved the harry potter areas. (hogesmeade and diagon alley) it really made you feel a bit like you were actually there. next year, i am going by myself. i didn't get to enjoy all of the stuff my friend and i planned because she got tired too quickly and since the rental car was in her name, i couldn't go off and do stuff on my own. i took pictures and will try to post some up in the litter box later on this week.
everybody was timmy ho's fighting... caffinated punches, fast as lightning... ;)
i was just re-reading it and noticed that. xd
that should be "big(construction)", not bi....stupid fast fingers.
good morning kittens. @geist, hope you're having a blast!  can't wait to hear all about it! @gm, i know that you probably meant big, but after seeing bi, i was like, you mean the village people were holding him down? ;)
morning kittens. something unheard of has happened...i got all(except vp) approvals in before i got into the office today! also, little excitement this morning at the local tim hortons. apparently someone didn't agree with a recent(i don't even remember when it happened) increase in the cost of coffee...and sucker punched someone. i wasn't there to witness it, but i did see three bi(construction) guys holding one down on the floor, one of the employees(a sweet older lady) on the phone, then a few minutes later two cop cars pulled up.
morning kittens
bakhan, we went every year with out troop when we were still scouts, but since we aged out and aren't really with our old troop anymore, we can go with him now. i wanted to go already, but now somebody really needs to be there after everything coming up to make sure he's careful and doesn't work too much. ` also, ds is just grinding followed by a too-hard boss followed by more grinding, huh? still a legendary series! i myself am going through fallout 4, and during the steam sale, will definitely get 3 and new vegas just for the backstory and amazingness. i've been telling my brother to get ds on his x-box, and i think it'd be hilarious to see him flailing and failing in it! ;)
@zem, i love the challange of ds, just not the monotony... ;)  i don't mind dying if i screw up, but when its a glitch; rage quit! ;)  hope you have fun with your grandpa next week, i'm sure that he thinks its special you are going along to help out!  sounds like it should be a good time!
which reminds me: i won't be on here at all next week. it's sad, but then again, it's one of my favorite places, and now i won't be doing anything but walking around, reading, and helping manage a troop or two.
bakhan, the whole point of dark souls is that it's impossible! ;) ` my week is pretty easy. today sucked a bit so far; had to wake up "early" (a little bit late for what some people might consider "normal", though) to help dig up my mom's garden. the ground is too wet for our friend's auto-tiller, and it rained so much, and it's already late for planting, so we did it by hand with a really old tool. got the other garden to do tomorrow. can't wait! got nothing to do otherwise until i go down to scout camp next week to help my grandpa with his troop. i don't know if he really should be going this time, but considering he only missed one year of going there in over 50 years straight now, he's not about to skip another one for just several medical conditions including a brain injury!
can this week be over now...please. so much crap, so many people submitting late items, and so many things that should have gotten to me weeks ago, i'm getting now.
on a different note, played ds2 for about an hour yesterday, and kicked some ass!  i finally figured out that the bosses are much easier to beat if you summon some help.  i think this will make the game much easier for me, and less boring / painful.
@gm, i think thats the hardest part right now, all the things that just aren't right.  going to bed with out him racing up the stairs past me, waking up and not letting him out or playing with him, coming home and him not waiting by the door excited to see me, making food and having to pick up anything that falls on the floor.  i know it will get better with time, i'll slowly get used to him not being there anymore, that hits me in the feels too.
i remember when we put down one of our cats, i swear i could hear her crying for my mom every night around bed time(she always let me mom know when it was time to go to bed, every night at 10pm) for the first few weeks.
@gm, i'm doing my best.  i had a bit of a hard time yesterday evening.  i was outside and looking at the patch of my yard where my dog used to play, and the grass is already growing back.  such is life i suppose.  i actualy was mad at the grass, couldn't you even wait a week? i miss him so much.
how's it going bakhan?
@gm, good morning sir!
morning kittens! @creeper: hello thar! sounds like lots of delicious going on in your apartment(aside from the renovations)
morning kittens. @creeper, good to see ya!  sounds like you're kicking ass and taking names right now, thats awesome!
to add to the reunion conversation- i feel they're much less in demand since facebook and social media.  we all know what's going on with each other.  the reunion used to give people a chance to see each other after ten years, lie about what they're doing and how successful they are.  we do that on a daily basis now. i did not go to mine.  it seemed like a small shindig- not some grand party at the actual high school.  i didn't want to fly home just for that. i got a long with a lot of people in high school.  i was the floater.  kinda friends with everyone, small close group of friends, never at the cool table but they thought i was "funny" and sweet.  only a few people that i really still care about- wouldn't mind seeing more of them but.. meh.  i see pics of your kids all the time online.
hi guys! just checking in.  i had a rough two weeks of baking. wedding cakes and such (if you don't follow me on instagram- sugarwhippednyc). hardly any sleep! also renovating parts of my apartment.  it's been really stressful but i'm getting things done!! finally have more time to stop in and say hi!  i haven't read too far back just yet.  i'm still sitting in a the middle of a clusterfuck of spring cleaning and a huge purge. there are four brand new tiny little day old kittens in one of the shelters i built! mama is doing well, nursing and guarding.  i'm so happy the shelter was used.  she made have given birth right before a huge torrential downpour storm.  this shelter was under a table outside, and it kept them all safe and dry.  i gave her tuna nomz as a peace offering. anyone wanna give me the rundown of what's going on with all of you?
other than that, totally jealous, geist! ` one of these times, i'm going to be on all day, but probably not this week and i won't even be here next week at all. going down to camp with my grandpa's scout troop.
note to self: the next time i go to this amusement park, i will be going by myself and not with a smoker. every other ride, she needed a cigarette.
birds of a feather... ;)
the facebook group had ~40 people signed up as going...all of which were the stuck up, prissy/douchy people.
@gm, i can see why you passed on that "fun" filled outing... ;)
they were holding it a shanks north(for those that don't know, it's a sports bar basically), and then getting a limo to pick up 10 people(yeah...only 10) and go to another bar/nightclub(cowboy's i believe is the one they chose).
yeah, i'm with you guys there as well, i could care less about wasting money to go hang out with people i haven't talked to in years.  zero intrest!
i was invited to a 10 year reunion last year, by one of the guys who bullied me in junior high. i promptly ignored it, and messaged the 2 people i still keep in contact with seeing if they were going, and they both said no.
a bunch of people i don't know couldn't understand why i didn't want to go to my 10-year high school reunion. i didn't see the value in spending about 90 bucks a person to go see people i hadn't talked to in at least ten years and didn't care about. i did see the pictures from it and found that it was pretty much the oogje and their friends who went to it. i didn't recognize most of the people in the pictures and i didn't like the ones i did recognize.
@gm, i hear that too.  i don't talk or hang out with any of my old school friends, also one of the big reasons i don't have facebook, etc.  i decided to change my life in positive ways and my old friends didn't understand and didn't support me.  i had to cut them loose, most of them are either in jail, or out of jail, thats where i was headed as well.  thats why i had to change, i just wasn't angry all the time anymore, and decided that i deserved a better, more fulfilling life.
i haven't seen anyone from then in probably 10 years(since just after graduating high school). most of them caused undue drama, so i cut them from my life, and haven't looked back.
@gm, it must be funny when you run into those people now,  hey down there... ;)
i didn't get my growth spurt until i was in high school, and i was always a timid person in school. so i was easy pickings for them.
@gm, you nailed it with reflex, living in bowness and going to high school there trained a person to expect and be prepared for pretty much anything.  i was never bullied per say, just jumped too many times.  i can't believe that you were bullied, shit man having met you, i wouldn't mess with you! ;)
fortunately, there hasn't been any hugging. it's all been touching arm or shoulder from the side or behind. one person touched my leg to "get my attention"
@bakhan: i actually did elbow one of my cousins for doing that to me. but at the time, i was also being bullied(this was back in junior high), so it was mostly a reflex. @lz: i'm pretty much the same way, i've learned to just go with the flow when i'm with family though, since more of my family is very hugging. even if they just meet you, some of my aunts, uncles, and cousins will just hug you. it makes for some awkward situations...especially since the ones that do are like super hippies.
@lz, i don't like that either.  my family was not the touchy feely kind, a hug was a very rare thing.  so its always very akward for me when people want a hug and i'm just standing there with my hands in my pockets.  i also hate it when someone comes up from behind and puts a hand on my shoulder, many people have almost eaten an elbow for that one.
this one's for the wife's family. people i don't know keep acting like they know me and touching me. this isn't great for my social anxiety.
@gm, if i could i would.  sadly, my wife didn't understand why i was so unhappy about it.  her idea of camping is one of those glorified parking lots, so that she can go get an ice cream... head shaking sigh.  my idea of camping, is maybe, maybe, seeing one other group way the hell out in the middle of no where, no ice cream, and a large fire pit, like it should be... ;)
@bakhan: disown them, right then and there.
@lz, yike to that!  i went to one for my wifes family.  it was a camping one, and the people in charge picked a campsite that you couldn't have a fire at! lame!
@lz: i hate them, especially being single, because everyone asks me when i'm going to find myself a girl and get married. that, and i don't always know everyone who goes to them. =/
especially when it's not even my family
i hate family reunions.
@geist, glad you're having a good time in florida!  my wife and i picked up a few wands when the wizarding world first opened, and had a lot of fun with them.  then new stuff they've added make it even better!  when you get to disney, say hi to mickey for me! ;)
afternoon kittens. having a blast at universal studios. got my wand yesterday. not cheap. good news is you can use it in the park forever
well, this one is a mmo(completely online, monthly subscription - which you can do a sub for 180 days at ~$75 per renewal) so you're not really playing alone, you're playing with thousands of other people that are accessing the north america servers. and even then, there are multiple "worlds" which have sub servers on them(usually about 10 servers per world). every server is the same essentially, just a different name for each. and when you go through their duty finder(where you can choose what dungeon/trial/raid to do) you usually get paired up with people from other servers who are looking to do the same dungeon(or need someone to fill a spot for whatever dungeon they need if you choose your roulette - which is any of the dungeons/trials in certain categories). there's lots more that i haven't even mentioned, but it's not like the typical ff game.
@gm, yeah, i see how that would be a nice advantage for sure.  i've never actually played any of the ff games before.
i'm more partial to my ffxiv, where when a boss(99% of them at least) are doing a move that will hit a large area, there is an orange indicator on the ground of how far out from the impact spot it will damage.
@gm, so far i have only fought one actual boss, the last giant.  the trick to him was to run between his legs and then strike and get out of the way of the foot stomp.  but for all the other harder mini-bosses what i've been doing is just slogging through.  this is where the only regenerate 10 times thing actually comes in handy.  as i normally die enough fighting the mini boss to eliminate all the grunts on the way to him, so at least i start against him with full health.  eventually, i will beat the mini boss and be able to move on.  it is quite the war of attrition though.
i found i had no aptitude for noticing the subtle hints of the bosses to be able to learn the mechanics of the game to survive.
@gm, i find it incredibly frustrating! and fun.  lol.  i find that its very punitive, you need to be good to start, there is no forgiveness, and the worst part for me, is that once you've killed an enemy 10 times, they disapear!  so if you're trying to farm some souls to level up, you only get 10 tries at the easy guys, before they are gone.  all those years i took off from video games are coming back to haunt me now, thats for sure.  you didn't care for it, i'm guessing?
how's ds coming along for you? i haven't played except the little bit at my friends house, since i found out it wasn't a game for me.
@gm, that sounds good, i know you were close to burning yourself out there for a while.  i always save all my dd's (domestic duties) for sunday.  i also got in about an hour of dark souls 2.
i was able to catch up on some rest. my mom had cousins in town from ontario, so spent sat wandering around the farmers market and inglewood with them. and did almost nothing except laundry yesterday(not overly relaxing...but needed to be done)
@gm, i'm hanging in man.  how are you doing?  did you manage to catch up on some rest?
how is everyone this day?
morning gm
morning kittens.
@zem, that sounds like fun, i really want to see ca:cw.  i don't know if i'll get the chance while its in theatres though.
woo, saw both x-men apocalypse and (finally) captain america: civil war last night!
morning kittens.
any thoughts about an expansion pack of new cards that are in the digital game? i like the idea of 3 different game types with the cards!
if you're around on the weekend and nobody is here to talk to you, are you really here at all? nah, that philosophical question doesn't really work out here.
good morning, everyone!  oh wait, it's still night, isn't it? i mean, technically 3:17 am, but... i should sleep now. i have to wake up at like 9...
there's a holiday? why didn't someone tell me? all i got told was there's a tornado warning. i never get to have any of the fun.
i can't believe my job didn't let us leave early for the holiday.
not a busy day today, i gather? why has it been so slow on here the past month or so? it seems like a regular or two dropped out or something.
...nevermind, rain is gone now and the sun is coming out.
knew i should have brought a hat today...stupid rain.
and about time for a nap. not really that tired, but who can pass up a nap? when you guys get really bored at work and wish you could just go home and sleep, know that i'm doing that very thing right now. or at least for a short while now.
good morning. i suppose i'll be in and out of here once every while from whenever i remember while playing games. so this is what it's like being on here in the morning!
morning kittens!
as will we all, of course! also, can't wait to see the pictures, it's such a fun place! ` a few hours ago, i realized that i'd been awake so long that i may as well not go to sleep at all. it would have actually messed up my body schedule more if i slept then than if i wait until noon, nap, and then wait until like 3 am tomorrow! so anyways, yeah, i stayed up so long i had an accidental all-nighter.
morning kittens. by this time tomorrow, i will be in the hot florida sun, getting my wizarding wand. i'll try to check in and post some pictures in the litter box. after this trip, i get ready for kitten con 2016!
cb, right now, we're actually using starbucks' sumatran blend. though usually i'm using some really cool foreign kind my spanish teacher from high school gives me to try. we just finished 2 kg of 2 really good portuguese ones from last year.
gm, maybe this is for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch… that's one of my favorite songs, one of my favorite julian smith things, too! and trust me, that's saying alot. also, i kind of switch between them. i definitely drink way more black coffee, but sometimes something else is nice. as of now, over the last couple months, i wore myself out of black coffee, so i'm into simple white varieties for awhile. plus, i can mix it up easily with our coffee maker.
@gm, i also like dark roast.  i like starbucks sumatra and green mountain's dark magic.
while we're on the subject of coffee, i've been visiting a friend in erie, pa all week and while i was shopping for groceries for the week i decided to check out the starbucks section of the local wal-mart ahd they actually had doubleshot light!  i can't find that within 200 miles of charlotte, nc where i live.  i usually have to order it from amazon.com and have it shipped to me.  while i'm here in pa, i'm definitely stocking up. :-)
unless it's the weekend, then i usually don't have a coffee at all.
@cb: i only drink one coffee a day, and that's a large dark roast from tim hortons in the morning.
coffee is meant to be drunk however the hell i want to drink it! ... (sorry) guess i don't need any more coffee right now, do i?
uh huh, that's what they all say as they hide the almost empty bottle.
...i'm not drunk...
i can't even drink crio brü black, let alone coffee! i's gotsta at least haz zum sugar!
coffee is meant to be drank black. no other way.
well i'm proud of my summer. the only thing i've actually accomplished so far is i poured milk into coffee one time late at night and saw that it was good. then i realized i had just re-discovered the latte and proceeded to not care and have addicted myself to home-made lattes.
there is one company i support on ks with every new project they do, mostly because they are trying to do two main things.  1. get a sense for the demand for the knew idea 2. raise funds to buy the equipment needed to produce said product one of their campaigns recently finished actually, and i'm just waiting on the pledge manager to be sent out so i can respond, and get my items sooner.
yes, zem. that's exactly what they'll do. them and cmon.
lz, that's awesome! phlebotomy is one of the funniest words! oh, and the editing. that's cool as well. ;) ` i know kickstarter must love pebble since it gets a portion of the humongous hauls they reap just with their name, but they're a brand now. pebble is a fully established company. they really shouldn't be using kickstarter for everything; it's an abuse of what ks was made for. i don't think you should be able to just keep taking the most funded spots. are they really just going to use ks for every new major product now?
howdy lz! that is so great. i'll be your first customer to buy the book.
hi, all! i learned yesterday that one of the new phlebotomists was going to be a professional book editor, but decided on a different direction. she wants to help me edit my book!
@cb: they're the same a cmon(cool mini or not), which uses ks as a pre-order platform for their games. @geist: i'll keep my day, especially since it will let me at least organize my desk some so that it isn't a disaster zone.
personally, i just think they like it because they get their money faster.  i don't mind it because i'm always on kickstarter any way.
@geist, fwiw, here's pebble's explanation on their faq: as a platform for creative projects, kickstarter is a natural home for pebble, a small company that put wearable technology on the map with our original project in 2012. crowdfunding a pebble project on kickstarter lets us publicly share our product ideas with the world much earlier than a traditional launch; gives fans an opportunity to have our latest and greatest stuff first; lets us bring ideas to life together with our growing, devoted community; and helps new people who have never heard of kickstarter discover the potential of other creative projects on the platform.
why does pebble time keep coming back to raise money on ks? they are popular enough that they should be able to sell new watches on their own?
the worst part about it being thursday...there isn't much for me to do today lucky you. would you like to trade? i wanna take it easy before i go on vacation.
looks like pebble time 2 is getting ready to put us a notch further down on the "most popular" list.  they're already over $7 million. sorry everyone.  i had to pledge because i like my pebble time so much.
morning kittens. the worst part about it being thursday...there isn't much for me to do today.
morning cb!
morning kittens
something like 16 hours straight of falloiut 4? best birthday i've had in almost a year!
though honestly being in new orleans with them and a former swiss exchange student we're still close friends with and his fiance would be an even better birthday. oh well, free food and no responsibilities as far as the eye can see will do just fine! just one more year till i can drink... legally... yet another reason to go to canada this year!
yay! my parents are out of town, but i have a card to their account just in case, and they let me get village inn for my birthday "lunch" (late breakfast to me) and get a whole pie!  the best part of turning 20? realizing decades act as centuries; i'm actually starting my third decade, not my second! now i already feel 30. i better remedy that with an entire day of just video games!
sorry cb, i`m trying to update one of our employee databases that is missing about 15 people in it(takes anywhere from 10-15 minutes to input each person).
nuts.  nobody's on this afternoon.
@bakhan, take a few pictures of you and your pup while you still can.  they will be priceless later on.  i hope everything goes peacefully.
@gm, maybe rambunctious as a puppy, bit i intend to establish myself as the "alpha dog" very early in our relationship.  :-)
@bakhan: spend all the time you can with the pup. sorry to hear that this may end up being his last night. @cb: yay puppy! hopefully he/she is a good companion, and not entirely rambunctious.
so i just heard back from the vets. they are going to do the best they can to get his calcium levels down so we can have one more night with him. thank you all for all your kind words and positive thoughts. it's meant a lot to me. i'll probably be away for a few days. look after each other.
thanks, @bakhan.  i was thinking i would have about two months after they're born to get ready.
@cb, normally pups wean at 6 - 8 weeks.
morning kittens. so i dropped the pup off at the vets. they are going to fit him in between sometime today so i won't hear anything till i do. he was down weight again today he's die to 77lbs now. last year at this same time he was about 100lbs. i'm hopeful that they can bring his calcium levels down, which would help his strength in his hind end and his appetite. i'll let you guys know what i find out. @cb, thanks for the kind words. i'm excited for you to get your puppy!
@cb: congrats on getting a new puppy friend. my answer to your question is to ask a local vet. they will be able to tell you what you need to know. are you still coming to kc this october? i understand if you don't feel up to it.
i may have a new puppy sooner than i expected.  as i was packing the car for a week in erie, pa to visit a friend, my neighbor came by to let me know that their chihuahua is pregnant.  it was sad to have to tell him about diane, but i told him i'm still interested in getting one of the puppies.  something to look forward to when i get back to charlotte. anyone know how long it takes to properly wean a puppy from mother's milk?  i don't want to separate them too soon.
@bakhan, sorry to hear about the chemo results.  i don't envy the decision you may have to make.  it wasn't easy last year when i had to make a similar decision about my dog.
hidey-ho, kittens.  so many interesting kickstarters right now, i sometimes forget to check in here.  pebble is at it again.
that's actually one of the comments in the video. xd one of the cops posted a video saying that the same result will happen every time someone calls them to stop kids from being kids.
some people are so stupid. unless the kids were also doing something illegal, they should be been allowed to play their game in peace. these are the same people who complain when kids stay indoors and play video games for hours on end.
morning kittens. so...i just came across this incredibly stupid reason to call the cops....because kids are playing soccer. it was one of the items on the msn news page, and it made me wonder how stupid some people are. call the cops to breakup a soccer game...really? thankfully, the cops did the right thing, and joined the game.
morning kittens. happy hump day and we are finally getting summer like weather. it will be a steamy 85 degrees which means my electric bill will finally go down to a decent rate.
finally got fallout working today and now i spent all day playing. oh hey, today's my birthday! yay, my birthday is another day of nothing to do but sit and watch youtube and play videogames! best way to open up a new decade!
oh good, the lawn is actually dry enough to mow! it's supposed to rain at least twice a day every day until sunday, so we need to do it now. otherwise the grass'll be half a foot high by then. whenever someone asks me what i want to do with all this time off, i don't even have to think, just mow! one of the fun parts about having a large lawn...
@geist: it was my decision to keep the two years worth. they would have refunded me it, but it works out to be the same. since i use the office suite quite a bit at home, it just makes sense for me to keep it. just means i moved one item from next years budget, to this years.
@gm: that isn't fair. they should have refunded you the over payment. what if you don't want office 365 after a year?
@zem: i can't help you there. i don't game on pc...and i don't play fallout, never could get into those.
my last few days have mostly had to do with the weirdest computer problem i've ever encountered. when i try to play fallout 4, i'm limited to a small rectangular-ish region. if i cross the boundaries, the game shuts down automatically and with no warning or error message. it's not with the save file, not with the game files, happens on other files in that game but not on other games... we've been trying to figure it out for days and have tried every reset i know and more and it still doesn't work at all.
well...as unexpected and shocking as it was at first, i finally resolved an issue i had with office 365(renewed my subscription, but chrome froze on me when i clicked submit, so i redid it...ended up double paying...just found out i now have a 2 year sub, that will only renew for 1 year after going forward).
i'm so sorry bakhan. i will pray that your puppy pulls through. i was looking forward to meeting him.
@zem, thanks for the good thoughts.  as far as maple bacon, i've only just begun to maple!
actual comments! ` aaw... that's really sad to hear about your puppy, bakhan. we all know what it's like to have to watch a pet suffer. it's just too heart-breaking. ` as for maple bacon, hahaha! stop teasing us with it!
so i made so bacon to go with breakfast yesterday, and just to be cheeky, i candied it with some maple sugar.  my wife, lost her mind! best. bacon. ever! ;)
@geist, hopefully you can avoid the nervous part, just go for the breakdown! sadly, the pup has been having issues as of late.  he had a very upset stomach for the last few weeks, i'm sure a side effect of the chemo.  so we gave him a one week break from it, and they gave him some meds to help with the stomach/bum issues.  yesterday, he was supposed to go back on the chemo, but he wouldn't eat anything at all.  not even treats.  also he was drinking a ton of water, so i think that the cancer has grown back in this week off of chemo.  depending what the vet has to say (i'm trying to make an appointment for tomorrow), this is the worst case scenario.  we've had almost an extra year with him, that we otherwise wouldn't have, and i suppose i should be thankful for that, to many degrees i am very thankful, but its still sad to have to let him go.  i'll be sure to let you know more as i find out.
i knew having yesterday off was a bad idea. -.- why can't people get me the paperwork to get people input into the system? i can't give you an employee number without putting them in the system first!
you could potentially go into a maple coma from it all....but it could be fun. xd
@gm: hopefully i'll be eating my weight in maple bacon brittle come october.
morning kittens. another day, another dollar. hopefully it goes as smoothly as i'm hoping.
it's check run day so i'm probably going to have a nervous breakdown before 3 pm. the things one does to pay the rent. how is puppy doing? he still hanging in there?
@geist, hows it going today?  hearing about your florida trip is making me so jealous!  i wish i could go too!  one of my favorite places to go for sure, theres just so much to do there!
morning bakhan!
morning kittens.
wow, one comment other than me all monday. you guys aren't even putting up a competition in the slightest against my soon-to-reign-supreme top commenter-y-ness!
that's going to be so much fun! though florida in summer... almost as hot and even more humid than here!
morning kittens. i just got off the phone with the person i am going to florida with. discussed what we will be doing each day that we are there. this is going to be so much fun. i cannot wait!
mmmmm... just went to the graduation of the daughter of the guy who makes those perfect wings you remember me talking about. of course he had some there... so good!
which would appear to be everyone.
happy weekend, everyone who doesn't check in.
seriously, i kinda miss talking with you guys. oh wait, weekend. right. see you all back monday then.
why is nobody on in the afternoons and evenings anymore? kinda annoying since that's the only time i'm on during summer. where does everyone go for the rest of the day?
hi creeper! hi everyone! happy friday!
*waves at creeper* i keep missing you. how is leo doing?
i am so exhausted.   but stopping in to say hi before i go back to self-torture because i took on too much work.
due to all the layoffs recently, there is an abundance of company laptops and cellphones(no, i do not want one of these).
i have a foot rest as well. the company is too cheap to give each of us a laptop. would have made working from home during the past snow storm a breeze and i wouldn't have had to use my vacation time.
@geist: my manager is working on getting me one. for now, i still have a foot rest under my desk(big tower).
how come they don't give you a company laptop to use at home?
morning kittens. nothing like being off sick for a few days, coming back to updates being done to my work computer...and having to track down it to be able to use the second monitor, which i was able to before they went and messed around with things. need them to fix resolution too...stupid needing admin privileges to do any changes.
oh yeah.  with luck we'll be in and living there by early june.  i'm guessing some time in july there is gonna be a blow out weekend party catered by beer and smoking in las vegas (my barbeque team).  once we get a date you will all be invited.
it's a little depressing. i was hoping to lower my electric bill once the weather gets warmer but it's been cold at nights so i run the heater since i can't sleep when my feet are cold. still gonna have that cook out when the house is done?
the house is for all intents and purposes complete.  a few interior details need attention but we have begun the moving process.  we do not yet have our occupancy permit because the driveway has not been asphalted and the grading is not finished (because we're waiting on the village to take care of some drainage issues),   as to weather, it's been cooler than normal but only slightly wetter than usual for us.  i know the east coast has been getting hammered, i hope you're keeping dry.
i will feel better when this day is over. how is the house coming along? have you been getting some of this crazy rain that us east coasters have been getting?
how are you geist?
morning pot
good mornin' everyone.
well, at least i got to see you all again today! seemed like you were all avoiding me for a week or so.
that is wonderful news lz! i'm be sure to back your come back campaign when you get it up and running.
woo! see, the opportunities are everywhere, it's just hard to get it all kickstarted right off the bat. you know we'll always be here to pump money into your empire in exchange for more delicious sauces! though in my opinion, we're coming out ahead in this deal.
of course, a local deli/shop that is known for selling a wide variety of hot sauce said on saturday that they will definitely carry my sauce when it is available.
if i can get the sauce going strong first, i'll throw some money at the other two to help them. i'm going to get the sauce going. that's for sure. i just don't know how long it will take to get it going strong.
@bakhan: of course i wouldn't. i would use the funds to get you, lz and creepers food empires off the ground. then you guys could hire me as your official taste tester.
@geist, when you do, don't forget your best friends up in calgary... ;)
oh lord. i go out to lunch and find out there is a sh*t storm waiting for me. i really, really need to win the lottery and retire.
@zem, i hope they both pull through, scary stuff!
hi everyone! hi cane! wait, 2 hours after last comment? great, hope i didn't miss everyone again. though i won't be on much for several hours today anyways. ` i just realized someone doesn't want my grandpas to stick around long. one has still been recovering from a serious subdural hematoma (bleeding in the brain), was coming along nicely, and suddenly got a serious infection just a day or two out of the hospital.the other one fell skiing, they found out his brain was bleeding a tiny bit, and now his clots are back in his leg so they have to balance out clotting and bleeding. they're doing a couple procedures today to get around it. ` i mean, i'm not scared about it, pretty confident for them considering the amount of hell they've both come through, but i just realized now that they should not be alive, huh? ;)
i just looked up the real id law. maryland and d.c. are good so i don't have to change my license. will still have to get a passport if i want to visit canada though.
gcod, i know you swore off ks for a while, but did you know i have one going? i'm going to have to relaunch it with a lower goal and a different name, but everyone who backs both will get a bonus bottle of sauce. http://kck.st/1nikgen
yeah. those are more scary.
i'm not worried about international terrorists, i'm worried about the rabid loonies with guns, and the local swat teams and those types.
morning lz!
@gcod, i remember when all we needed to get into the states was a valid drivers liscence and our birth certificates, those days are long gone my friend.  the world is a mad mad place, and sadly rather than getting to the root of the problems, we throw more "security" up and hope that makes a difference.  the problem is you have to be "ready" every day, and they can take their sweet ass time planning their evil.  hopefully, it won't always be this way.
i hate the alphabet soup. they're ruining everything.
calgary in october gives me _just_ enough time to start planning.  i'd have to fly just due to the time involved, and since missouri didn't pass the "real id law", my driver's license is no longer a valid travel document -- so i need a passport to fly anywhere, even within the usa.  thank you to the dolts at all the alphabet soup agencies who think they are really "protecting" us from terrorists. nsa, cia, tsa, fbi, lmnop.
@geist, that would be awesome!  i know that my wife would be into it as well!  so much history, all the history!  and of course it would be awesome to get to see creeper and the legendary leo!
@gcod, lol! seriously though, good luck with that election! and, for what its worth, i would love to have you come up, the more kc the better!
@gcod: took a peek at the dice box holder you and gm backed. i see they still haven't shipped out boxes that are decent, if they shipped them out at all.
@bakhan: you will, of course, come to d.c. i will have a house by then and you and the missus will be staying with me. heck, we'll take a day trip and visit creeper and leo.
hmm, but you said october in calgary?  maybe i should wait and see how our upcoming election shakes out, and then decide to go north? :>)
that sounds like a pretty awesome trip, especially for a train enthusiast and historical junkie! i can't wait till i can retire and do some serious touring of your guys' amazing country!
since i'd mentioned a road trip, i was thinking due west from st. louis, to the area around carson city, nevada; thence up to the ghost town of bodie, california, and then over to grass valley, california.  homeward via death valley (in summer, i  know, i'm crazy).  all these areas have railroad history as the root cause of the trip.
i've only been through coastal bc and vancouver island, but i'd like to visit the interior of canada someday.  i (of course) have a myriad of railroad history books on the region.  "nicholas morant's canadian pacific" is a big beautiful book, but there are others as well.
if i went to calgary if? there is no "if". there is only "yes!" now if i could only temp creeper to come and bring the precious.
i intend to avoid my siblings until one of their funerals i have divorced my whole family. not that they give a shit but i'm more at peace without them and their crazy religious/mentally ill drama.
@gcod, ahhh that makes perfect sense!  thats really cool to have a family heirloom like that! no wonder you want to go see it for yourself!  and the trains, well that only makes perfect sense for you as well!  we don't have much by way of cool train stuff here, theres the cn tower (canadian national) it has some neat historical train stuff, and we also have heritage park with a real coal burning train that does a little circuit, but still, steam power is seriously cool!
*waves at gcod* howdy stranger. how have you been?
back in the 1950's, my mom's father retired, and took up oil painting.  he used a postcard view he found of lake o'hara and made a huge painting i now have in my dining/living room.  i've always wanted to visit the site just to see it.  also, it's close enough to the railroad to do some serious train chasing.
could i perhaps temp you with promises of maple bacon brittle? ;)  is lake o'hara an anual thing for you, or is there something else special about it?
if i went to calgary, i'd have to visit lake o'hara along the way somehow. and summer vacation, because everything cool to visit closes in the off season.
lol! well, i guess that works too!  family geneology is cool, around 20 years ago my grandfather went hard core and went back  over 1000 years, pretty interesting stuff, luckily my family were relatively prominent in their communities so there were lots of records to find.  road trip in the summer, why not in october?  you could join the rest of us crazies at the kitten con (at my house) in calgary! you know you wanna!
also trying to decide if i want to do a road trip vacation this summer.  where to go is pretty well known, the trouble is who to take, or to go solo.
oh, no, as soon as my mom is better i intend to avoid my siblings until one of their funerals!  my mom has been going strong and exercising the last ten years, so her recovery has been good so far other than a minor heart related issue.  in my personal life, i have been digging into family genealogy a lot, and have found some interesting things.
@gcod, its great to see you! sorry to hear about your mom, hopefully its not too hard on her.  its funny (not haha but weird) how the tragic things tend to bring families back together.  hopefully for you guys its a reason to be closer for the next 20+ years!
boo! did i scare anyone?  i'm still out here, doing my thing, though i have sworn off kickstarter for the foreseeable future until several of my outstanding pledges arrive -- that, and i've not seen anything worth buying. life goes on, my 93 year old mom broke her hip, so there's been that to deal with along with my siblings, who i have seen more of in the last month than in the last twenty years.
@zem, sorry buddy, just got busy.  nothing personal! ;)  i think what you're describing is growing up, its definitely the things that we go through that help to shape us, good or bad.  it sounds like you did a great job!  for me, lets just say, growing up wasn't easy, between a mother with boardline personality disorder (and all that intails) and a father that was trying to toughen me up for the world, it took years to undo all the bs self destructive, self protective behaviours i learned.  had to go through a lot of bs, soul searching, and making amends to become a better person.  i still struggle with some of it daily, but at least i'm aware of it, and i'm always trying to be better than i used to be.  life can be rough, the fact that we're all still here is a testament to how strong we really are!
good morning kittens!
morning kittens
anyone here yet? why does it say the last one was 4 hours after the previous one all of a sudden? i assure you that was in a three hour increment as well. ` also, the three hour thing was an accident. seriously, other than one time when i was here 2 hours after and decided to wait, every time i checked here was 3 hours after the last!!!
yeah, i think i will.
should i just comment every 3 hours until one of you yella-bellies show yer face again?
seriously, every day there're a few comments in the morning and you guys leave me alone as soon as i wake up. i only even missed you by like 20 minutes!!! and nobody really reads back through all the comments they missed the day before because there *might* be alot of them. not recently.
what, did i scare you all off yet again?!
oops, i forgot to explain why having such a small class and having the same classmates your whole life makes it all so much worse. but if you can't figure out how, then i guess i can tell you, but looking back, my comments are already long.
although, a huge part of my personality came from all that shit: i now substitute negative feelings with comedy. i live to laugh. if i'm feeling down, i know it'll be over soon and i can get back to my normal optimistic self, and just watch some of my favorite series on youtube or some whose line or something. ` that's too bad, lz. i had an idea it wouldn't make 16k, that's alot for a hot sauce startup, but well over $1,000 in half the time is no small hill of beans! don't feel hard about it; even the ginosaji movie didn't make their first run! but you'll be back in the saddle with the reboot, which usually even does better than the first. hopefully, though, most people will re-pledge. i don't know why that was a trouble on ginosaji, but a free bonus bottle will sure motivate them to do so.
luckily, since about 9th grade, i virtually can't even be bullied like that. it has no effect on me now. i've always tried to be friendly and am as a rule optimistic and comedic. really, bullying just made me not even susceptible to jerks, and personal attacks have little to no effect anymore because they got so overused back then. i just sat back and waited for my class to grow out of it. i let them get their yucks in, messed around with my friends in the next grade up who were a bit more mature, and somehow i even had an idea that some of the people who were worst to me would be the coolest later on. it was interesting being on the outside and watching them all go through every stage of maturity like a textbook.
lz, i know what that's like for sure. i was the same kid once all of my friends moved away. literally all of my friends, barely anyone else, moved. and my school is the kind with the same 30 kids you all know really well from kindergarten to graduation. they find 2 people who don't fit in, and in my case the only criteria was not understanding football. that was the only reason. from first grade to sixth grade, i gradually went from a really upbeat, extroverted guy with alot of friends to a severe introvert who was really depressed. etc, etc, by senior year when my only new friends after that, in the grade above me, had left, my class had calmed down and become actual people, so most of them weren't asses by that point. funniest thing? two of my best friends senior year were two of the three people who went out of their way to make me feel horrible for 6 or 7 years straight.
immolation is good, though...
i have an appointment with a group call the small business development centers. i'll check with them, but i think i can get around flavor name similarities by tacking the brand name on there. also, my inferno is actually original inferno, which makes it different.
instead of inferno, how about immolation, i haven't been able to find that one. and for mad cow, how about bad apple?  i know that they're not as good as your original names, just trying to help out any way i can.
@lz, bad new man, http://www.zazzle.com/mad_cow_hot_sauce-256055436625781543 http://www.hotsauce.com/mad-dog-inferno-hot-sauce-p/1188.htm  i'm not sure about the copywrite laws and such, but the names are out there.
and i should be able to keep the same flavor names. that was one of the factors i considered when thinking about brand names. i think if i had gone with one of the other names, the flavor names wouldn't fit with the theme anymore.
yes, i talked yesterday with the guy who did the logo the first time. it'll be similar to the first one, just with the name purgatory instead of brimstone. i'm looking at a june 1 relaunch. i'll get loans/grants to make up for the difference.
@lz, sorry it hasn't gotten much traction yet.  also sorry that i'm not really a social media guy and can't help spread it as much as i would like to.  thats a great idea for a relaunch!  have you started working on new logos, art work, etc?  you should be able to at least keep the name of the sauces right?
so i've decided that when i relaunch, i'm going to have a much lower goal. about $1k. i'm going to tell current backers that if they back at the same level on the first day, i will give them a bonus bottle. that should make the project reach its goal on the first day, which always helps a project pull in a lot more money.
i'm so glad that you guys are getting excited about the trip!  i'm equally excited to have you all!  its a pretty cool, and humbling experience to be able to show off where you're from.  i just hope that the reality lives up to the hype.  one thing i can guarantee though, the maple bacon really does live up to the hype! hype!
@lz, that sounds similar, to my experience as well.  i'm sorry that you're going through it, everything i know about you, says that you're awesome.  i feel for you!  you didn't deserve that then, as nobody does, and you don't deserve to feel that way now.  seriously bro, you rock! i can't wait to get to hang out!
yay for canada trip! the more i hear, the more excited i become!
thanks, bakhan. you just saying that helps a lot.
@geist, there will be lots of stuff to check out for sure!  banff is about an hour away, and i was thinking we could probably see most of the non-intesive stuff in around 4-6 hours depending on what people wanted to do.  drumheller would be the same, probably 3-4 hours for the museum (its fricken huge) and then checking out some of the national parks etc., horseshoe canyon, dinosaur national park, etc.
that sounds delicious. mine has been most of my life. you know that kid in school whom no one seemed to like and everyone picked on because it was easy and acceptable, to the point that your third grade teacher said it was okay? i was that kid at my school. since i can't remember anything different, i have a pretty good handle on it. sometimes, though...
@lz, oh man, i'm sorry to hear that!  hopefully you can kick that mono in the ass soon!  depression is the worst, my wife also suffers from chronic depression, and its hard to see someone go through that.  you're not alone bro, lots of people looking out!  if you ever want / need to talk to someone, shoot me a message or an email, or call me, whatever, anytime, and i'm not even kidding! in some ways, we barely know each other, and in other ways, i'd fight to the last for all of you!
i'm sorry you had to deal with that lz. i've dealt with depression most of my adult life thanks to my shitty family.
for the record, i'm going for the exotic fondue dinner at the grizzly house. i've never had rattlesnake before.
i also had a lot of fatigue over the weekend and the last few days. mine was a combination of a mono relapse and crippling depression.
well what do you know. there is a banff book festival. i knew there was a reason why i love canada. http://www.banfflakelouise.com/area-events/festivals/fall/banff-mountain-film-and-book-festival
reading back, i meant to say: playing catch up at home. i need the building super to come in and fix things in my apartment. the lights in the kitchen are now dimming and since it's been a year, they need to fix and upgrade a few things.
@bakhan: yes to all of that! i can't wait to visit canada. you'll have enough maple bacon brittle for me to consume, yes?
here is a little more info on banff:  http://www.banfflakelouise.com/about-the-area/town-of-banff my thoughts were, we could tour the town, check out the shops, check out the hot springs for those that want to give them a shot (its actually just like a large outdoor swimming pool with hot water), take a gondola ride up to the top of cascade mountain (i'm pretty sure its cascade) and that would pretty much be it.  maybe check out one of the great restaurants that they have there, i'd recommend the grizzly house (http://banffgrizzlyhouse.com/) but there are lots of options.
here is some more solid info on the tryrell museum: http://www.tyrrellmuseum.com/ (dino action!)
@geist, i'm so jealous! you are going to have so much fun!  have a butterbeer for my wife and i! ;)
good morning kittens!
awwww. i missed pot. i have been playing catch up at work, trying to get ready for the florida trip. i can't believe it's next saturday. i'll be casting spells at universal studios.
don't worry, pot, nobody's been on. even i can only typically manage 2-5 comments per day recently.
hey gang.  sorry i haven't been around lately, but i've been busy.  we have a temporary occupancy permit on the new house and i am slowly moving things in.  there are still things to do before we can get the final op, but it's coming together.  i am off in a few minutes to go to the local open game night to test play the new ek cards i devised.  more tomorrow.
@creeper: have you decided to come to the kitten con in canada? please say yes! it's going to be lots of fun.
grumble grumble time challenges grumble freaking rusty bucket bay annoying bs grumble grumble grumble gorram camera system grumble grumble...
on a related note, my re-playthrough of banjo kazooie is coming along great! such an amazing and legendary game, and so well loved for very good reasons! though it is a hell of alot more frustrating than i remember...
woo, my brother invited me out to play the contender with him and his friends. such a great game! eye appointment, going to see an old teacher friend of mine and have coffee at the school, and then games all day. yeah, this is my week off.
it was more along the lines of sending me home so that i wasn't spreading the sick around the office i wish they would do that here at my job. i was sick as a dog a few weeks ago and they didn't say anything. i guess if everyone had caught my bug and stayed home, they would change the policy. especially if it was end-of-the-month close.
nothing so bad as that, yet. just sore sinuses when i cough. and my boss telling me to go home as soon as i have everything that i can without having to wait hours for replies for done.
@gm, your call of course, but if you start turning purple when you cough, go to emergency, skip the walk in.  i almost had a friend die that way, not cool!
wish i could this week. definitely going to be planning it once this payroll is done, since there is enough work for three/four, and we are a team of two.
@gm, it sounds to me like you're sick, but you're doing too much at work and home (renos) to recover.  i know that you feel like you can't miss any work, but you'll miss a lot more if you don't look after yourself.  you're still plenty young, but you're not a teenager anymore, it takes more time to bounce back from things.  take a day, take two, and heal thyself! ;)
@geist and @creeper: it was more along the lines of sending me home so that i wasn't spreading the sick around the office, and so that i could rest without any stress from work.
@giest, i'm not sure, but i've never trusted those damn griffendors... ;)  on a funny note, we went to comicon a few weeks ago, my wife saw three people dressed up as wizards and proceeds to shout out griffendor forever!  none of them were dressed as griffendors, i felt so much nerd shame.... ;)
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. what do you know? another rainy day. i wonder which hogwarts wizard exchanged the u.s. weather for uk weather? and how do i change it back?
i agree with @geist.  i've had extreme fatigue before and it actually was a symptom of having lyme disease.  granted - yes- it could just be exhaustion for work.
holy cow, did i really scare you all off?! nothing all day! i kept checking back sure that there'd be at least some activity, maybe a sign-off, but now that i can be back on here, nobody else is!  where are all of you?!
oh yeah, i realized last night that that wasn't actually the first time i spontaneously developed an irish accent! and if i remember the last time well enough, it was late at night as well, tired and playing games. so weird!
@gm: you sure it isn't some bug that you may have caught? fatigue can be a sign of something more serious going on.
my boss is telling me to leave as soon as i can today and go sleep some more...if we didn't have terminals closing down(the economy is still hitting us hard) and i didn't have tons of paperwork to wade through, i would be gone already(she would have sent me home when she got here today).
it's official. gm has turned into a cat.
morning kittens. even after 18hours of sleep friday night(was only going for a nap at 4pm...woke up at 2:30am to go to the bathroom, then back to sleep until 10am sat), i still feel like crap. though, the feeling of having someone smash my face with a  baseball bat is quite a bit less at this point.
morning cb
morning kittens.
happy belated birthday creeper! we need to keep a birthday calendar in the litter box.
morning kittens
this is literally the weirdest thing to happen to me in a very long time. i was talking with my brother, and after a short pause, my brain decided between sentences "you know what? why not have a distinctly irish accent for the rest of the night?! yeah! just like roy from the i.t. crowd!" so it did exactly that. i got a very irish accent that sounded like roy from the i.t. crowd out of nowhere between sentences! i actually have to think to speak in a midwestern accent to not use it. thankfully it's only me and my brother up right now. it's 2 am, by the way.
so many may birthdays! happy belated birthday to you as well, creeper!
two graduations, a birthday, a wedding, and family friend guests all in one week! this was an adventure. now looking forward to sleeping in forever and just playing games and relaxing forever. summer!  oh, and my birthday's in 10 day and my older brother's one week after that. that's about all until i go with my grandpa's troop to scout camp in june.
i forgot we had so many may birthdays (mine was on the 9th)
hola! just checking in!
you probably have a long way to go until 40, though
lol, i was wondering about what u said, zem. graduation makes more sense.
lol. thanks geist. i haven't felt 20 since i was 25. now i'm as old as i felt the last decade.
no! edit: not my brother's birthday, his graduation!!! dang it, trinkets and geist! all this birthday talk mixed me up! not birthday, graduation!!!
hey, happy birthday! mine's the 25th if anyone has any plans... ;)
my little brother's birthday. 18 years of a philson in this school system and they think they can just kick us out?! the nerve!!! but hey, schmeider wings and really, really good pork sandwiches my mom makes! john schmeider's hot wings are, by virtually every single account, the best anyone has ever had. and garlic salad, a recipe from a vegetarian polish family we stayed with near warsaw, so good even devout salad haters love it! also, 4 bags of lays original chips, which may or may not, but very, very likely are, my favorite chips. so all in all, it's a fair trade-off for no more philsons in our schools.
happy belated birthday trinkets! how does it feel to be 30 again?
and it's snowing. howdy all. crazy busy week last week for me. mother's day, dad's bday, my bday, work, fishing......whew.
omg. the sun is shining this morning. it feels so strange to see it in all its glory after so many days of doom and gloom. pity the clouds and rain are due back this afternoon
woo! just saw $1,000 on the hot sauce!
does anyone have updated stats on the eklol's or other things that belong on the kittencorps.com website?  if so, please email cheetahbutt@kittencorps.com so that i can post it to the site.  thanks.
hey! i didn't check recently, but i made my 7th eklol recently! woot woot! imma comin' fer you, creeper!
good morning. just a tip: russians make really good blintzes! they had a slightly different word i don't remember, but it was basically the same.
morning kittens
definitely glad i decided to replay banjo&kazooie. that was the best decision i've made in a long time!
ah, new update. i dunno, zombitten seems like a weird name for a company, but it would work.
what are all these names for? another sauce or something?
@bakhan: depending on when it is, i may take you up on that. we still have a fair amount to do around the house regarding the finishing of the renovations, so not sure when that will be done(plus we need to get the air ducts cleaned, then there is all the dust from that).
@gm, we're planning a day trip to check it out this summer, if you're interested. ;)  we've never been either.
i've alway been partial to zombitten as well... ;)
i like zombitten.
@cb, hey! that's another good idea
@geist, good point. i'm leaning toward capsassination or fires of purgatory, anyway.
@lz, why not call it zombitten, as in "bitten by a zombie?"
i've never actually gone into that museum...one day i will.
@gm, they even have a little star trek museum out there! good ole vulcan! ;)
hello kittens.  anything happen in the last two weeks?
@lz: vulcan is also the name of a town in alberta.
@lz: i know that but don't be surprised if you get a little call from the star trek folks. if you had used "mc" in front of the name of your sauce, you would have gotten a letter from mcdonald's. apparently, they sue even if the "mc" has nothing to do with hamburgers.
@lz, what about soulfire?
yes, those were good.
@lz, out of curiosity, did you like the pictures i took of the sauces?
vulcan was the roman god of fire. i checked on purgatory and fires of purgatory. purgatory is in use for beer, distilled spirits, shoes, and clothes, but not hot sauce. fires of purgatory isn't active in the registry.
@geist, lol!
@lz: i like capsassination. that sounds really cool. i would double check to see if anyone has the rights to purgatory and fires of purgatory. something tells me that might already be taken. vulcan of purgatory might get you a letter from the star trek folks. double check to see if the use of "vulcan" is in the public domain.
dino action is always cool
@lz, so that means you guys are in for some dino action? @gm, that would be great, whatever i can get off of my plate would be a real help.  especially as i'm pretty much a shut in... ;) @geist, that would be awesome if creeper could come too!
@lz, what about lz's spooky sauce? ;) seriously though, i was trying to brain storm some names for you myself, wasn't really happy with any of them.
what do you guys think of these: capsassination, purgatory, fires of purgatory, or vulcan of purgatory?
maybe i could still convince creeper to go.
@bakhan: let me get an list of events happening from phil. he should be able to get that quite easily, since he works at a hotel he is supposed to know after all. :p
the mrs and i are planning on it
@geist, i'm actually thinking about it.  so many ways i could go with it, why not ks? the real challange will be getting it approved and figuring out how to ship a food product around the world. i'll see if i can get a list of whats going on by the time you arrive.  the banff trip is for sure (no i) and drumheller will be pending till i know how many want to go.  but we still have lots of options! ;)
blarg! oh well, at least the guy was cool about it.
also, you'll have to tell me what will be happening around the time i arrive. i can look it up but as a native, you'd know better than me. we'd have to figure out what days we could go to baniff and the other city you metioned.
you might have a new business venture bakhan. if i pass some out to the people here and they love it, i'm sure they will want more. i can even be your sales rep.
@geist, my wife has already eaten about half of the first batch that i made... is it good, nope, it friken effen a amazing! ;) if i say so myself...
@geist, calgary has a ton of used book stores!  i was just thinking we should figure out planned events, and free time, meals, etc.
on a side note, i'll probably eat my weight in bacon maple brittle and short bread cookies. *digs out stretchy stretch pants*
@bakhan: the trip to baniff sounds nice. plus, i could explore your fair city while i'm there.that would eat up 2 - 3 days by itself. if there are any used bookstores in your region, i'd love to visit them. i'm pretty easy to please.
@geist, on a side note, i'll probably have to start whipping my liver into shape... ;)
@geist, heck yes! i've already booked them off!  also, we need to collectively plan what you guys would like to do so i can start preparing some sort of itenerary.  getting things like transportation, additional housing, meals, etc., looked after.  i know that we still have around 5 months, but i like to be prepared.  rushing around and scrambling at the last minute make me grumpy! ;)
@geist, where i see the issue is that there will need to be an insurance, or some way of holding the creator accountable.  that will inevitably cost money, either more from ks or more directly to the creator.  this will take funds away from the ability of the small guys to make a ks as they wouldn't be able to afford that, i assuming.  so either a campaign will have to be wildly successful, to cover those additional costs, or we will see more and more of them failing.  the thing that kills me the most with ks, is that the companies that i want to support the most, the small guys, are the highest risk!  it completely goes against the whole idea of crowd source funding.  more and more, its turning into a way to skip retail, not to actually bring a product to life.  essentially, the only ones that would be able to have a successful ks, are the ones that don't actually need the funds. :(
in other news, the dates for coming to canada would be october 27th through november 1st. is that ok with you bakhan?
morning bakhan! i think sites like indigogo and kickstarter can survive with new regulation to protect backers. it will hurt them if they don't do something because folks will stop supporting projects if they think there is less of a chance they will get anything out of it.
@lz, sent you an email, with pics last night, hope you got it! sadly, i also don't know if you'll be able to use them, due to the logo... :(
@geist, i think that things are definitely in need of a change.  it seems to be way too easy for these folks to fake a ks, and scam people.  the real problem is that it is very hard for us as backers, because we're not technically consumers, so there isn't any protection that way. i can see a day coming soon where there will be legislation passed (in many countries) to try and protect backers, but as is typical when gov't steps in, it will kill this and other similar concepts as they won't be able to afford to continue to opperate.  i think its pretty much inevitable.  hmmm thats a pretty dreary thought to start off the day. on another note, good morining kittens!
did you guys read about the ks campaign where half of the funds were used to build one of the co-creators a house? http://hackaday.com/2016/05/11/peachy-printer-collapses-investor-built-a-house-instead-of-a-printer/ with the exception of lz's hot sauce, i think i will give up on ks. way too easy to scam people.
bringin them out to the henry doorly zoo today. if i remember right it's the biggest zoo in area, second biggest in number of animals, and consistently the best rated zoo in the world! love that place! i've been there dozens of times since it's just on the other side of omaha, but i wonder what the kids will think of it.
morning kittens
@jeff, i am so sorry to hear that!  i hope that everything works out for you and your family! just know that those of us in the south of alberta care, and are doing what we can for you fine folks! our thoughts are with you!
i'm sorry for your loss jeff. you'll be able to rebuild again, yes?
thak you for any support for the alberta fort mcmurray fire. i am one of those who lost their house to the fire. my kitten decks were lost. i guess i couldnt nope this fire eh?
i'm back, mostly for good, but like i said this whole week is pretty busy until sunday. my brother's graduation, the russian guests, etc. i'll try to be on more than normal, but you may notice this place seems completely empty on occasion. that's normal; it's what i see several times a week when i'm the only one here, but if i'm not here, like anytime outside of business hours will be completely empty. "i'm still here, el guapo!"  *bang*
you can have these grey skies gm. it's so damn depressing. and it looks like the rain will stay with us for the rest of the week. in other news, i'll be mixing up a batch of home made bailey's irish cream. i got the coffee flavored cream part cooked and sitting in the fridge. all i need to add is the jamison. hopefully, this will taste much better than the store bought stuff.
morning kittens. @geist: if only you can send that rain way north...they could definitely still use rain.
*apartment damn auto-correct!
morning kittens. we've had 13 consecutive days of rain. don't know if today will be number 14. i feel like i should be living on a boat instead of an appointment
yes, that's fine. brimstone instagram is now active.
@lz, okay, i'll do my best foodie work and try and get you something by thursday, is it cool if i use your email address that you sent me?
bakhan, that would work, or you could pose the bottles next to delicious-looking food to imply the sauce is in the food.
i'm a sick employee...does that mean someone will do the closing shift for me?...which isn't really a closing shift.
@lz, sorry to hear that!  hey, about those hot sauce bottle pics... most of the bottles are well over half empty.  i'm not sure that you would want pics like that?  i was contemplating pouring them out into different containers and then just mixing water to be close in color and taking pics that way.  what do you think?
sick employee means i get the next few hours off. then i get to go back and work the closing shift.
in case she's back, russian friends of ours touring some of the us staying with us. ` on the road yet again... good thing i'm so used to long drives.
good morning kittens!
morning kittens.
also, morning kittens
i missed smashly? damn. that is what i get for sleeping.
i see smashly came back, and i wasn't here to plug my ks. speaking of which, where is everyone else so i can do the same with them?
@zem, russians?
hey, the russians are here! cool. i probably won't be on much for the rest of the day now.
@zem, i won't lie.  this is probably the greatest brain child i have ever or will ever have.  this will be how i make my mark on the world, not with a bang, but with a delicious snap!
was it as good as  we all dream it would be? because i don't see how anything with bacon, much less maple bacon, much less maple bacon brittle, could be.
@smashley, this will be the first one! the problem with the forum is most of us keep forgetting our passwords... >.>
sweet gods that sounds delicious.  kitten cons are happening?! that's awesome. did the forum finally start getting some use then?
@gm, couldn't hurt to try! sweet and heat blend real nice!
@smashley, not just any kind of brittle, maple bacon brittle! using real maple syrup!  its going to be at the calgary kitten corps con in october!
@bakhan: could always heat up the hot sauce a bit...will cause nasal burning, but it's all in the name of delicious!
@bakhan - you're making brittle? delicious, delicious brittle?!
@gm, that is what you do, like when you would add the vanilla to the traditional recipie, but the reaction of the cool sauce (even if it was at room temp) with the super heated syrup, would make it spit something fierce!  as in, i would actually be scared to do it, without say a riot shield... ;)
@bakhan: if you ended up adding the hot sauce at the end, right before you lay it out in the sheet pan to cool it could possibly work better.
@smashley, it is delicious, i may not be able to share!  it was so hard to cook the bacon, and not just eat it, while i was getting the syrup heated! ;)
@zem, i could try a spicy version, i'd have to use dry spices though, the hot sauce could be very dangerous!  it would pretty much cause the syrup which is heated to 285f to explode!  i did a pumpkin seed (pepita) brittle with chipotle spice for halloween last year, it went over pretty well.
what ever it is your talking about, it sounds delicious. i am hungry now.  thanks @gm :)
@zem: i think the shipping to canada will cost nothing for him. ;) @smashley: hello there! been a while.
maple bacon bourbon hot sauce brittle?!  also, you're so bringing that to canada! or even mailing it. heck, start a kickstarter!
@zem, say it with me, maple, bacon, brittle! it is now a thing! i said it, i did it!  with real legit maple syrup and maple flavoured bacon!  sweet mercy!
oh you know, curing cancer and belly dancing. just the usual lol  how has everyone been?!
of course it is, smashley! where have you been this whole time?! welcome back from whatever whim brought you here.
i am so happy to see this!!!
dude, this chat is still going?!
gaah, the internet in my cousins' place is good, but for no reason, every 5-10 minutes i lose my connection. it says i'm connected, but i can't access anything on the internet, and then it eventually says i don't have internet access, so i have to reload it every time. so annoying. ` also, what'd you make?
did it happen to be the dark souls board game one? your icon may have tipped me off. ;)
also, just wanted to pop in and say sorry its been so long, kinda got wrapped up in another ks and well...  so... guess what i made this weekend?
@geist, thanks, i feel so bad for those poor people up there.  its just terrible... :(
@gm & bakhan: i've been reading about the fire that is sweeping alberta. i know you guys don't live there but i got my fingers crossed that this gets dealt with before anyone gets seriously injured.
@geist: that they are. i think i had 5 of them myself...plus my cajun chicken alfredo linguini.
@gm: but the cheddar biscuits are awesome!!!!!!
oh yeah, and our mom just sent out a notification via our family facebook group. this is going to be a busy week. the russians come out today, get to our house tomorrow (my older brother and i are driving them, or else we would have left already), my brother's graduation is saturday, and my uncle's wedding is sunday! right out of school into one of the busiest weeks all summer.
ooh, i love red lobster! then again, i don't have seafood allergies. my mom was working and in a different state. she also didn't want to try to eat when everyone else was taking their whole families out the same time and we'd end up waiting forever. besides, she was fine because her birthday, mothers' day, and national nurse week all come within a week of eachother. though i missed her birthday (at texas steakhouse!) due to finals, sadly.
oh wait, that's right, it's monday, isn't it?! wow, between summer break not having hit me over the head with lack of responsibilities yet and having come out here from friday until tuesday, i've completely forgotten what day it is already.
we went to red lobster(one of the worst places for someone with seafood allergies to go to...) because it's one of my grandma's favorite places to eat.
that's the only reason i'm not on here like it's a normal weekend; i'm out at my cousins' for a graduation and then today to pick up a family of good russian friends to bring back to nebraska (from denver) and bring them all around and show off the area.
that's wonderful gm. where did you lunch at?
we went to the egg & i with my grandma and aunt, then the rest of the day was my cousin's second graduation party, the major one. chipotle catering, too!!! not as good as my little brother's graduation to come with schmeider wings (we know a guy who makes, by every single account, and there are alot of them, the best wings anybody has ever had), but still, really good.
morning geist. i surprised my mom when we went to lunch with my grandma. it was me, my mom, my dad, my sister, and my grandma. when the bill came, before my mom could even think about reaching for her wallet, i had my sister pass me the bill.
morning kittens. hope you treated your mothers to a wonderful mother's day.
my only mothers' day tradition is sending that video to my mom on facebook. it's one of our favorite videos!  also, no! it's not a rick-roll! ... this time...  *this* is a rick roll: https://www.youtube.com/watch… or not, but it's even better!
happy mothers' day! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
that's ok, lz.  i'll post it whenever you can get it to me.
is nobody really on? that's too bad.
but not before he backs the sauce! ;-)
cb, i'll probably sleep the whole way there. my older brother has been sleeping constantly and loves to drive long distance, so he'll probably drive the whole way.
well, moved out and everything! now i just have a ton to do and am avoiding it all.
i got home yesterday and learned that i was expected to do yard work, so i didn't have time to email you anything, cb. i barely had time for what i did do last night. i bought 2 weeks of ad space on facebook.
morning cb. how you holding up?
@zem, drive to colorado on 2-1/2 hours sleep?  please pull off the road and get some sleep!
good morning
ah, nothing like 2 1/2 hours of sleep by the time you finally can go to bed, getting up at 5 am for donuts, failing to sleep until 7 after that somehow, and then having just a few hours to move out entirely, get home, unpack, repack, for some reason mow the entire lawn, and get on the road to colorado.
morning kittens.
also, creeper, what's with the cameo that's just "blurgh"?! that's lower than stan lee style cameos!
quiet here tonight. just after i woke up, everyone left. i see how it is! then i get the tar beaten out of me by a final and i don't even smoke! nobody here to complain to...
and no, that's not a rick roll. ... this time. i thought of it too late. dang it!
blurgh
my final final finale es finito! as william wallace once said during his short stint in acting, https://www.youtube.com/watch…
well, i'm kind of here.
hmm. where is everyone? all the ones? where are they?
ah, wake up after like 11 hours of sleep when i went to sleep mostly because i was super hungry and couldn't do anything about it to posts about delicious hot sauce... i'm hungry!
@cb, my condolences. sending prayers for you and your family.
i'll get you some of that this evening. what is the best email address to use? you can dm me if you don't want to post it here.
wow, i'm away for a few days and that's when lz launches his ks!  it's great to see how the entire corps is camping out in the comments.  if any of you are in touch with lz, ask him to send me something for the kittencorps page.  i could use pictures, descriptions, testimonials, links, etc.  i'd love to promote the crap out of this thing.
@mike.  so very sorry to hear the news. i wish you well.
well i'm glad to hear it was beautiful and well-done.  also happy to see you back here.
@creeper, doing ok.  the memorial service was beautiful!  my pastor even did an altar call at the end.
@lz, is your ks live yet?  send me a writeup and i'll add it to kittencorps.com.  i've been busy with family for the last few days, but i'm available now.
hey cb - how are you holding up?
my crate came!  the cards look great.
i just happened across this, for you serious gamers out there. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1705440407/gamer-badges…
i like how your mind wanders trinkets. :-) i agree with you about the tweets. at the height of this campaign, elan was asking us to tweet famous folks.
sorry, i've been up for a while on little sleep. the mind starts to wander.
and can someone, with more talent than i, take the eddie murphy as james brown doing the hot tub skit and make him say hot sauce instead of hot tub?  i just think that would be funny. (and no one would give the rights to use it, i know)
creeper, i agree with what you said.  but wasn't some of the earlier things matt and elan asked us to do is get celebrites to tweet about either ek, or other things? i believe that this is no different from what they wanted us to do.
the thing with asking matthew or elan to retweet things is- they may have quite a few people asking them the same.  friends, etc.  they may not want to retweet too many kickstarter projects becasue it would become white noise, or they'd get too many people asking them for the same favor.  sending a sample and hoping they tweet about it might help.  but i've rarely seen either of them tweet about pms other campaign unless it was someone very close to them, or something they personally feel strongly about.
man i'm hungry. good thing it's 12:30 am on a weekday so that nothing is open, i wouldn't get it anyways, and i'm out of any good snacks because i'm not going to buy stuff only to lug it all home when i leave. so pleasant. ` only one more. one final left. freeedooooooooom...
call the biggest newspaper in your arra and tell them about your sauces and you're doing a ks campaign to get it started.
you should totally ask him! i know he'd be happy to help out a corps member, plus free test hot sauce!
trinkets, that's what i was hoping he would do with my tweet last night. i've thought about asking if he'd do a review if i sent him some.
that was about the one part of the park i didn't think lived up to the hype, geist. the one good ride there was pretty good, not as awesome as the hulk or the mummy!, but the line was insane, even though we got to it like 5 minutes after the park opened! the town was cool, though.  but that hulk ride. and that mummy one! i know they're in entirely different areas and parks, but who cares, they were awesome. i rewatched the mummy after that in part because that ride was so awesome! it was normal until the fire blasting right in your face.
@trinkets: can't complain. my trip to universal studios is in 3 weeks and i cannot wait. i will for sure get a wand & drink some butter beer
trinkets, that's great! good to know at least you're not in constant horrible back pain. ` trinkets, i think the oatmeal already owns a tesla car. we're going to have to bribe him some other way. ;)
lz, any way to get the oatmeal to retweet or share on fb your ks? if he gets an early tesla and reviews it, maybe if u overnight him some the sauces, he would do something?
and how have you been, geist?
geist. thanks for asking. last thursday  through monday morning, i was really feeling fantastic. i would say 90% or more. then i found out that the boards i was grabbing at work, above my head, was a bad idea. kind of a little setback. nothing too drastic. the physical therapist has added some "above my head" exercise to help fix that. i am working around 5.5 hours a day as i get my strength back and get my muscles to do what they need to do. she really has done a fantastic job figuring out what i need to do to get back to 100%. it just takes time.
i wish i had something like that when i did my payroll courses...all you got was a small booklet with the tax tables that were being used for the course, and that's it. there were so many different formulas, that they should have given you them. especially since in the real world, you can look them up in order to figure it out, and there are online calculators that have the formula built into them.
we're off to see the wizard, the wonderful wizard of freaking-physics-final-in-the-first-place-but-it's-also-keeping-me-from-my-mom's-birthday-party-at-outback-steakhouse. this final and i are not getting off on the right foot. thankfully in physics they give you a sheet with all the equations necessary on it, so that'll help a bit. well, more like a 6 page packet, but that's physics for you.
i think it might be a little bit before we see cb around here again. =/
where's cb? we should add my ks to the kc website.
howdy trinkets! how is your back holding up?
yeah, i intend to do that.
is this weekend just going to be a huge advertising splurge? also, you could put those really nice pictures up on here to help sell!
it'll be 2-3 days, which is fine because i'm super busy until then.
creeper, that's a good idea. i need to see how quickly i can get some bottles...
creeper. sorry you had a crappy time. lz. awesome. hello everyone.
as much as i think instagram is weird, that's a really good idea, creeper. make sure to also advertise the hell out of the kickstarter. alternate pictures of the sauces and them on delicious food with a picture of the kickstarter or one of the comments praising the sauces. ;)
elan backed it?! heck yeah!  ` laundry... shoot, i've been meaning to do that for 4 days now! oh well, i'll be moving out soon anyways. ` one down, two to go! well, actually one left today, 3 down and 2 to go in total. finals that is. got the worst one out of the way just now.
oh crap. @creeper: i meant to say you should consider "leaving" ny. this is what i get for typing while sober.
@lz- do you have an instagram account for your company?  get one, take some good natural light photos of the bottles, maybe some ingredients surrounding it (garlic cloves, peppers) but make the photo look really nice.  hashtag the hell out of it.  smallbusiness, natural, salt lake ..in addition to all the food hashtags.  you'll get likes super quick.  don't be afraid of the hashtag on there.  i have followers from all over due to that.
geist- it's a decision i've been dealing with a lot this past year.  there's just a lot to it.  but believe me- i'm getting really fed up with this place. @lz- yay!! @gm- it is when you have to carry it two blocks to an overcrowded laundromat.  doing it for free in my apartment is very exciting.  doing three loads? early birthday present. :)
oh, i meant to say people suck in regard to your troubles, but elan backing made me very excited and i forgot. more proof that people suck, and i'm not an exception. ;-p
congrats lz! maybe you should post some recipe suggestions to get more people to back the project?
@creeper: i first want to say "happy birthday!!!!!" you might reconsider staying in new york. if your future goals include settling down, maybe ny isn't the best place for that. in no time, you'll be my age and trying to change careers like i'm trying to do now.
sorry about your troubles, creeper. the good news for the day is that elan lee backed my project!!
i never knew laundry to be exciting...but to each their own.
at least my landlord is letting me do three loads of laundry today.  it's very exciting.
morning kittens. @creeper: sorry to hear about your night ending up like that. some people really only think of themselves, or what they can get from helping others. the saddest part is, that those people tend to overshadow the ones that are willing to help people. there is definitely good out there, but it seems almost all we hear about is the bad these days.
thanks for the kind words, geist.    there are plenty of nice people in new york- it really threw me that no one stopped to help.  it wasn't just a trip- it was a full-on wipe out and i sat on the ground for a moment to collect myself and do the physical check on.  not one person asked if i was even ok.  it stung. the bar we went to was some hipster shit.  it was a cool place and all- but that drink was not worth $16. same with dinner.  i have some friends that love trying new places or whatever, and i respect that.  but sometimes they forget i don't make as much.  and they also pick really pretentious places where, in reality? that burger was a half-step up from a slider.  i seriously laughed a little when i saw it. i'm just exhausted and tired of taking care of myself all the time.  i moved here when i was 18.  i'm turning 33 may 9th.  i'm tired of not having someone to just help with little stuff.  bleehhj.  sorry!  i usually pride myself on being independent- but it's been wearing on me.
@creeper: i'm sorry you had a rough night. i've heard of coldness of some new yorkers but i'm surprised no one stopped to help you up. jeez, did human kindness go? $16 for a drink? call me old fashioned (or cheap) but a drink like that better be in a big mug. don't get me wrong, d.c. has pricey drinks here as well. i just to pay for them. i can make my own cocktails. or just drink beer. i knew new york was pricey but i always thought there were a few places that you could get a good deal on food. we need to get you a husband. sounds like your friend is marrying someone with means. you deserve that and more. plus, your kids will be so lucky to have a mom that can bake such delicious cakes and other sweets.
a story: today i helped my friend pick out her wedding dress.  her fiancé gave her a blank check (though they did have *somewhat* of a budget).  she bought the dress and she took me for a drink at dear irving- where cocktails start at $16.  the waitress brought our drinks, i knocked the tray, sending a flute shattering to the ground, and covering the man in the expensive suit next to me with champagne.  he was not pleased.  then we met our friends for dinner where they all ordered it up- and i had a beer and a burger (cheapest thing).  "let's split?" it cost me $45.  we part ways.  i walk up from 10th to 14th where i wiped out on the sidewalk.  tearing my dress, while 4 people lit-er-ally step over me.   i get up, get to bus stop.  apparently metrocard fell out of jacket pocket when i fell.  bus driver won't let me on.  this is a monthly card that i just refilled ($120) with cash because the machines weren't taking cards at the time.   i start to walk north, in heels.  i rummage for coins- but come up short.  wouldn't matter anyway- 1st avenue is being repaved.  i walk from 10th to 68th street, my toes are bleeding into my shoes,  and i am sobbing during the entirety of the walk- not because of the physical pain but the emotional breakdown. i have $15 left and i know where i can finally get a cab in order to afford the ride home. i am dead inside.
oh boy... 2 finals tomorrow... whoopee....
gut night.
good night all
awesome! hopefully one of them has $10,000! ;)
i have joined a hot sauce enthusiast group on fb and requested to join another. hopefully some of those people will back the project.
thanks, guys! i knew i could count on you!
lz, i've shared it, and i'll probably pressure my parents into getting some for the house. and i know my little brother has been dying to get some for himself, especially for when he moves off to college. and my two older brothers live in a house shared with like 7 people, so i know it'll get used there. i'll try to make sure to tell them all at least 15 times every time i see them.
and thunderstorm is upon us.
geist,  i have been known to mix up a thermos of brandy old fashioneds.
geist, we fish for sport. catch and release.
lz, i have shared it on twitters and the facebooks. i plan on re sharing every other day or more.
it's times like this that i wish i were famous, or at least really good friends with someone who is.
i have ordered some business cards. i want to see if i can go somewhere and have people taste it, and give them a card. i was hoping you all would tell your friends and family, as well.
lz, what are your plans for advertising? i'm guessing it's going to take quite a bit to reach that goal.
that's perfectly normal for may, actually! a bit early, usually in late may, but that's only one day. it should be about 80 degrees now, but it's not. just wait until late july, early august... 110 with up to 50%, even 60% humidity... while detasseling... gotta love nebraska. -10? sure! 110? why not! i swear nature is bipolar here.
also, we can't fish here because of the mercury levels in the fish
@trinkets: the best part about fishing is the drinking
85!!  that's almost too warm for may.
geist, we really need the rain we got all last week here, but today and up through sunday was and will be sunny and in the 70s, even 85 on friday here (!!!), so you have that to look forward to.
*stocked
yep it did. anywho,  i really want the rain. the wisconsin fishing season opener is this saturday.  i live in a part of the state where there is a lot of cranberries grown. the cranberry growers all have dammed up ponds and marshes to hold the water for the cranberries. years ago, all of the original growers sticked their ponds with bass, northern pike, bluegills, perch, crappies and more. we fish these ponds. this time of year, if the temperature gets to around freezing, they turn the sprinklers on to prevent the plants from freezing. this draws down some of the ponds water levels so low that we are unable to fish them. we still can fish on some of them,  but not our favorite one. usually lasts about a week and then they fill back up. i have been waiting since the last time i fished last october. another week of waiting will kill me.
i think ks ate my comment
we've only had a half of an inch the last week or so, but we are expecting thunderstorms later this evening.
howdy trinkets! you getting any of this rainy weather?
i saw it early this morning but wasn't awake enough to type a coherent statement.
hello again, trinkets! though you weren't around long enough to see my greeting yesterday, so i guess just hello, trinkets!
howdy gang.  i meant to stop in earlier and say hi,  but we got real busy at work.
@bakhan: so you'll be making enough so that i can take some home, right? it'll be the only way to get rid of me. that and some maple syrup.
maple bacon bourbon hot sauce brittle for everyone!!!
@zem, i would like a maple bacon bourbon hot sauce though... just saying in case anyone who happens to be building a hot sauce empire wanted to make one... ;)
@creeper: i can't even search for it anymore.
@geist- i don't know.  since i dropped my pledge, i won't be receiving any updates.  but the page is pretty much blank.  no comments are seen or anything.
the worst part about being at work earlier than normal...it's harder to focus earlier in the afternoon(like right now)
long live the hsmbbe!!! hot sauce maple bacon brittle empire!!! (a kitten corps enterprises company)
hot sauce maple bacon brittle!!!  wait... ew?
@geist, lol! ;)
*starts packing all my possessions* welp. it looks like i'll be staying in canada after all.
@geist, oh i'm making the maple bacon brittle, oh yes, its on! ;) i don't know how this isn't already a thing!
morning kittens! @creeper: are the creators posting any messages about how they will fix this or whether or not they will offer refunds?
i actually ordered three of them(two black and 1 white) all with the adapters. i plan on using them under my desk to keep all the cords sorted better. well, two of them for that, one for when i do travel.
and- i love the donut. you'll be quite pleased with it. smaller than i thought!
i love the show so much and have always thought they should have a cookbook.  i really wanted it to be a thing- but i just had this red flag in my head waving "nope" when the legal issues didn't seem to be a concern for anyone.
@creeper: i haven't received mine yet. it could take a few weeks longer because of the needing to go through customs. plus, i'm having it delivered to the office. i saw that cook book, thought it would be a good present for my sister(glad i didn't back it now) since she has been binge watching that show on netflix.
and this was after it was funded! so who knows if people will be getting all their money back.  it got so much press and yet no one seemed to ask "do you have permission??"
morning all!  gm- did you get your donut? i got mine so fast!! and not that i'm happy this one project was cancelled- i know the woman had good intentions- but the eat like a gilmore cookbook was cancelled due to copyright infringement.  i backed it originally and asked them if they had permission to use images, etc, and essentially make money off the shows name.  they didn't respond, and other commenters kept saying "i don't know why you're worried, she's not saying she's from the show or anything."  .....sure enough, i looked at my canceled pledges- it's blank, and has a letter from warner brothers instead.   again- not that i'm happy it was cancelled- but i'm having a major told you so moment
i can't wait for later today when i get to go home. i can't stop yawning.
good morning kittens!
yes lz!!  i'm in!  i'll tweet it from kitten corps twitter a little later today!
and on a side note...this is too early for me to be in at work. i normally don't get in for another ~hour...but since i crashed at my friends place last night, and his mom was driving in, i got in early. though, it does mean i get to leave early as well...so in a way it's good.
okay...i'm in for the set.
morning kittens! @lz: you temptress you! i will definitely be adding my money to your pot.
a trinkets sighting? and i missed it? this is what i get for sleeping at night.
hi, trinkets! yay, hot sauce!  bye, trinkets!
well,  goodnight all.
and jonesin' for some hot sauce!!
yes..i'm still alive.
wait, put which of our comments in the campaign section? everything praising the sauces for being so freaking magical? well, not all of them, of course, but a good variety?
yah i need more of this sauce in my life right meow
yessir, doc, we'll worth the heck out of it! ;) i can only get the $20 as well, though if 300 people had already somehow donated, i'd definitely pay the $25 to get it. plus $9 for shipping; that's the real killer. still totally worth it!
haha i can only afford the $20.... but we'll worth it...
bakhan and gm, i don't have canadian shipping info, but if you back the project as it is, i'll bring you your sauce in october.
yeah, i kinda wish i could throw in a couple hundred dollars to really give it a kick in the butt. i really wish i had a few thousand to donate just because of the implications of actually having money. hope you get that amount of money from hot sauce, lz!
just put something really funny on my board that evolved over the last couple days:  """"you miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -wayne gretzky" -michael scott" -collin victor (my roommate)" -micah philson
i wish i could back at that level! of course, i wouldn't. i just wish i could.
oooooh! that $10,000 tier looks amazing! all i need is for my bank account to multiply several times and i'll buy it! so basically i'll buy it if you bum me just a few thousand dollars. just a measly $10,000-ish, say.
you made a new account for it? you could back it twice just to really set the bar rollin!
of course i did. i gotta be able to comment, you know!
you backed your own campaign? pfft! way to pad the scores! that's insider trading!
it showed another backer on the campaign page, but:  "woo-hoo! you are now an official backer of brimstone hot sauce. you're the first backer of this project!" ` also... first!!!
i need to get shipping info for canada
pfft! i backed before i shared the link here!
ha! beat you to it! first comment! and it said first backer, though it also said there was one backer before me?
wai-wha-whooo!!!
it's a go! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/91039664/brimstone-hot-sauce
@bakhan: if you do make that maple bacon brittle, i'll have to move into your house permanently
throw it in with the hot sauce empire. we'll have a kc foods inc..
@zem, come on man! maple bacon brittle! oh yes, it will be a thing!  i may use it to take over the world!
i'm already way too hungry, bakhan, don't pressure me like this!
its a thing! and no ones done it yet! at least with the bacon in it!  omg!!! sorry guys.... i may be a bit excited about it. say it five times fast, maple bacon brittle... ;)
@gm, alright, just didn't like the idea of you being homeless for a night... ;)
@bakhan: yeah, i've already found a place. my friend's mom even said that she would force him to sleep in the garage if more beds were needed.
@geist, thats awesome!  i can't wait to get you guys up here!  i don't have an exact plan yet, but i have a few ideas on how to spoil you guys with maple.  omg!  can you make brittle with maple syrup?  think about this maple bacon brittle! damn, i may have to quit work and make that a full time reality!
how bakahn! one more month and i buy my tickets to canada. maple syrup goodness will be mine!
woohoo! hot sauce empire, here we...um, i mean, here he comes!
i only wanted a half an hour nap, but i love sleeping so much i made it a full hour and then couldn't get out of bed for another 15 minutes. i hate myself sometimes. i try to get up, but the bed just keeps pulling me back in!
@gm, do you have a place yet?  you can always crash at my place if you need to.
hooray for last minute "you need to find a place to crash for the night...we can't walk on the floors for the next 8-10hours".
i don't know exactly yet. i should be able to submit it to kickstarter this evening. it can take up to 3 days for approval
what day this week will it start up?
@lz, do you know which day yet?
so do i
we'll try to spread the word as much as possible once it's up! i hope we can do enough to kickstart the hot sauce empire!
yep, it'll be launching this week.
@gm, best of luck!
me too. finals week is the best! gotta love it. i almost had 3 finals on one day before one was moved to last week! 5 in total, 4 this week.  at least all that's required on my part for the ks is forking over all my money.
definitely bad timing....these next few weeks are going to be tough. =/
ooooh, its launching this week!?!
i picked a bad week to launch the ks. my lab is being inspected on friday... *groan*
i've heard of that bug. it has happened a few times to folks using android tablets.
damion, of all the bugs i've had, that isn't one of them. is there a way to report the bug? i'd look for one and give the team a heads-up!
i just got a 92% on an exam in a class where even a passing grade is virtually unheard of! it'll throw off the curve, but this ta is the best for this class ever! because of him, the averages aren't averaging about 50% every single test! not the final, the previous exam from under 2 weeks ago we just got handed back. i just did almost as well on the final as well!
@cb, you have my deepest sympathies.  i just can't even. i'm so incredibly sorry for your loss.
good morning kittens!  whats new?
i'm not sure if this is a global bug or limited to just my device. sometimes when i drag a card up from my hand, it freezes before it gets to the discard pile. it just sits on my screen and i can't move it, either to the discard pile or back to my hand. often when this happens, it will happen to other cards that i try and drag, creating sort of a chain reaction. i lost two games today that i would have won if i'd had the card available. it's happened with cards i want to put in the discard pile and also with cards i'm just shuffling around in my hand. i've lost skips, slaps, steals, and defuses (the last one is particularly annoying). i haven't been able to work out the precise conditions that cause it. has anyone else had this problem and know how to fix it or at least avoid it?
well, geist, the weekend looks like it'll be warmer here, meaning early next week will start perking up for you. but yeah, altogether way too cold for may!
morning kittens. another rainy week. this weather is making me so sleepy. no amount of caffeine is helping
how had i never seen "wrongfully accused" with leslie nielsen before today?! for that matter, how have i still not seen mr. magoo?!
and this is me of all people saying this!!!
it's may; i should not have to wear a jacket to get food when i finally feel hungry at 10 pm! it's 49 out and will get down to 43! come on, may! get your act together!
lz, it wouldn't take too long for someone with a keyboard... just sayin, there should be an option for a short message, maybe 16 characters max. most devices have a good keyboard and people are used to texting with them.
at least my first final will be easy. just have to basically memorize the questions we were told by our freaking amazing recitation teaching assistant would... *hrmm* be nice to study! all from previous exams, leaning heavily on what the professor loves to go off on tangents talking about... then a full day of freedom.  then on wednesday... two of them. i would've had 5 this week if not for the one we moved to last week. i would have had 3 on one day, 2 back-to-back! and because of the 2 wednesday anyways, i have to miss my mom's birthday at outback steakhouse!
i'm finishing up my campaign write-up at the moment
free chat isn't available because it would take too long.
the worst thing is when you put it on the bottom after exploding, then someone steals all your cards and sends it back to you and the next one happens to be a kitten as well, so they think they caught you, but really the game is just being stupid and they feel clever because of it. especially when it's someone dumb enough to steal 2 from you, one from another person, and waste a see the future and attack in the first two or three rounds alone. i hate reinforcing them. ` why is there no option to send your own message?! there are so many things you can't express through the game! especially "that wasn't my kitten, so don't attack me in vengeance for something i didn't do."
so, again, anyone up for a game today? we haven't had a corps game yet! ` i really like that chat thing! i've had pretty lively and funny games now! "i am a brave tofu!" draw from the bottom like the scared little baby you are.
nevermind, i found it out. i had to turn off auto-updating to attempt to thwart my emulator from forcibly downloading apps for me (still not sure if it worked entirely, but it did help), so i have to manually update. not a big deal, just didn't figure that out until now. yay! now i can chat! ` anyone up for a game in the corps room later on? just say a time and i'll be around.
damion, they said they're working on the free stuff (which i don't know why they had in-app purchases in the first place if they just wanted everything to be free), but google play isn't playing nicely with them or something like that. it's harder to have it set up like that for android, i guess. ` also, i just checked yet again and still don't have the little button near my avatar like the update showed. how do you force it to update or something? i can't find out how to get it to work.
i'm using the updated android version and it has the chat comments. there should be a little plus sign next to your avatar. what i want to know is when the battery and overheating issues will be fixed. also, will android users get the same freebies that the ios people got?
i don't know. i'm still running the beta
so they said they updated the game to have new chat comments, but i can't find them. what's up with that? are they not actually on the full online android version yet or something?
keanu is as good as it looks. i'll leave it at that. nope, at this: if you like anything about key&peele, you'll love keanu! especially the action scenes with an adorable kitten!
sorry, cb. i can't imagine how hard that is.
oh. wow, i'm sorry, cb. just know that we're all here for you. we can keep company with the best of them
@geist, thanks.  just be who you are and don't worry about me.  if i need help, i have a lot of folks to turn to.  kc has a special place in my life and i hope to continue that in the future.
oh mike. i am so sorry. you have my condolences and i'll keep you in my prayers. i believe i speak for all of the kc members when i say that if there is anything i can do for you, just let me know.
@geist, thanks.  my wife passed on wednesday after battling the flu and pneumonia.  i'm fighting the same flu, taking tamiflu.  i only wish we had gotten her treatment in time.
also, there must be something going around. i was sick as a dog last week. fever, chills, sore throat, aching bones. i went to work anyway and i passed some of it to a few co-workers (you're welcome guys!) but was able to get over it within 72 hours.
@cb: as a founding member of the kitten corps, you can unload your cares and worries here. or in the litter box if you are more comfortable doing that. glad you got in the create. i haven't emailed bella yet.
hooray for playtesting! hope that will help you out. sorry for whatever else has happened.
i do have one item of good news to report.  i got an email from bella saying that she will be sending "the crate" to me.  better late than never.
hello kittens.  sorry i haven't been around.  it's been a rough few days.  i don't know how much of my personal life i want to burden you all with here, but i have experienced a life-changing event and i'm battling the flu on top of it all.
just one more day... then i have one day to feel normal.  then just one more week... one more week until break... finally!
yes! i win!! muhuahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
damn you! even talking about rick rolling has gotten the song in my head!
i read it. not interested in a rick roll though.
oh come on, only like one in five is a rick roll, and that's only to punish you for not having read my entire comment detailing which song it was that was in my head this time! also because nobody can resist the temptation to rick roll friends with a link to music. ` come on... click it! you know you want to!!!
zem, i haven't clicked one of your links in over a year. they're too dangerous.
please tell me someone clicked that! it's asshats like me that have kept that going this whole time!
gm, no, it's this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch… great song, you might like it!
yeah, you definitely need a car. motorcycles are good to have as a commuter. when i had to drive 16.5 miles to work, the 55 mpg motorcycle was sure nice to my bank account. it certainly isn't a be all end all vehicle, though. we do have my wife's minivan. i only say i'm relying on the bike right now because my car died last winter, and my friend and i are working on restoring an '84 crx, which will be mine when we're done. we expect to be done august or september, so i didn't see the point in buying another car yet.
@zem: it's not "the song that never ends" is it?
i'd love to have a custom made motorcycle just to ride around in on very short trips. otherwise, i'll stick with vehicles i can go shopping with.
one of the best feelings is when a song tries to get stuck in your head but you can't think of it. all you can remember is a part of the tune and maybe 3 words of the lyrics and have to extrapolate from memory until you can find something to base it off of and then somehow actually remember the song in entirety! then it's even better when you get to a computer before it goes away and can look it up and listen to it! that just happened to me with you can't hide by sanctus real. amazing band, one of my favorites, from what just possibly might by my most favorite album of all time, and nearly every song on it is just so amazing! i haven't listened to many albums cover to cover dozens of times, but of all of them, i would definitely recommend this one the most.  it's a christian rock band, but i know a few strong atheists who can't get enough of them. there are some who can get over what the songs are about and just enjoy the ride.
53 degrees, overcast, going to rain in several hours, just closed up shop in lab, one day of classes left at all... yup, it's most definitely a pound and a half of sugar and milk (and sure, maybe some coffee in there as well) kind of day! one of my favorite types of day!
my mom has friends who drove motorcycles all the way from i think la to juneau, alaska. it took like a week straight both ways. i have no idea how you could do that. how you could keep your arms in that position for so long!
i don't do long trips. i use it as a commuter vehicle. anything longer than about 30 miles starts to get painful.
never understood the appeal of motorcycles. i can see riding one by yourself for short distances but cross country with another person doesn't appeal to me.
it's been gloomy and rainy all week here, as well. this is when depending on a motorcycle sucks
morning kittens. another gloomy/rainy day here as well.
have you been listening to me, geist? yesterday was the one day in a 9 day period we weren't expecting rain at all, and today as well, really, but for around midnight. just add a couple days to that since you always get the same weather after we're done with it. also, my secret: if you want a quick and good look at the weather for the week to come, just google "weather [location]" or the other way around. it's really handy.
morning kittens. will the rain ever go away?
2 more days... then only finals...
i mean that's been in like every update and is on the website. ` still, kind of a slow day here. which is probably a good thing seeing as i should be doing work now.
michele, email support@explodingkittens.com
i was a backer of the project and i never received my game at all. i thought perhaps somehow my payment rejected, but while doing taxes i went back through my account and can see that my pledge did go through. anybody know how i can contact elan or kickstarter to have this solved? i've looked for a link or email channel, but so far i'm coming up w/o an answer.
oh my god, that was the best playthrough of fallout i've ever seen... he did a no weapons run and ended it by literally punching the entire institute to death single-handedly! better than that, for everyone in the institute you kill, 2 synth seekers spawn in the teleportation room. there can literally be over 80 seekers! he killed them all and looted everything! he had almost 3,000 pounds of things in his pack!! holy cow, that was one of the best things i've ever watched!
do you all get off work at like noon or something? because you're never on here after it!
oh i know that when you play a game enough, you just know all the controls without thinking, but times when you actually have to think about what you're doing. like when you're raiding a castle in m&b. i can listen to things during a normal field battle, but in a raid, there's just so much going on. either you need to be focusing on your medieval sniper skills and head-shotting people dozens of meters away or you're in the middle of dozens of people with hardly enough space to swing a sword and need to focus on where every person is. the fighting itself is routine, but it's best to be able to think about it. also, the times in those games when you just need to be thinking about what someone's saying, and that's hard to do with a podcast or music sometimes.
@zem: most of the ffxiv fighting, once you've pretty much learned your entire classes skill set, is all muscle memory of knowing when to use the next skill in the sequence. the only time you really "need"(yes, the quotations are supposed to be there) to pay attention is when you are the healer. some healers don't pay much attention and they still heal perfectly. it's all about being in that rhythm. the rest of the fighting, is special relation to the aoe(area of effect) skills that enemies use, and being able to dance around them(literally dance in some cases where there are 10+ enemies with attacks that criss-cross leaving space just barely large enough for a character to stand in and not get hit).
same goes for podcasts. i often listen to welcome to night vale while playing mount&blade, but i always have to pause it if i get in a very intense battle or need to focus on what the characters are saying.
i just can't focus with any music. music of any form, even in the form of a song stuck in my head (which i've, as far as i've ever been able to find, literally always had a song stuck in my head!), will take my concentration from whatever i'm doing. unless it's like the background music of a movie or very well done background music in a game, i'll focus at least a little on it. i can't do anything while listening to my favorite music except drive, do simple tasks, or play simple spatial-relations games like flow or candy crush. i hate it. i wish i could listen to music while working on things, but then i can't focus entirely on them and won't do a good job.
that sounds like alot for a goal, lz. i hope you have a plan to get the word out there so that enough people want it. if you didn't already have a fixed minimum for production and freight, i'd even suggest going to a site with a flexible funding option just to be on the safe side.
sign me up for the mad cow. now that the weather is warmer, it's time for some bbq eating.
geist, yes, i have a bbq/steak sauce called mad cow. i was originally planning on $15k for a goal. now i'm thinking around $17k or $18k
i'm listening to music that is designed to help you focus on the game(and it actually helps, i don't know how many times when i couldn't hear the music i died to the same thing...now i barely die to anything in there!). and the fact it's ffxiv music. >.>
music helps me focus too, but only on the music... ;)
i love when i find music that helps me focus...the fact it happens to be from a mmo...that's just a bonus.
looks like i need to increase the funding goal. by how much? i think you mentioned that a campaign would have to be $30,000 to start. would that include a small recipe book? you might still need some helpers to bottle all of that up. kc members to the rescue!
looking forward to the campaign lz. bbq sauce, did you say?
@lz, ok, fine, make more sense... logical bastard... ;)
bakhan, i'm planning on charging shipping after the campaign. the freight charges i'm talking about are the costs associated with shipping the sauce from florida to me.
i didn't totally just sleep through a very important class, you just slept through class! i have no idea what you're talking about. ` geist, same here. only one day from this past saturday until the coming monday that it wasn't forecasted to rain. on top of that, it's consistently in the mid-70s and never rains in the morning when i have to walk to classes! i love the weather this week!
@lz, what about charging shipping after the campaign?
@geist, he's doing good actually.  he's been really fussy with eating lately, one day he'll eat something, the next he won't touch it.  i tried a new kind of food last night and it went over well, and he ate it again this morning, so hopefully i've found something he likes?  his energy level is still crazy so i know he's not suffering at least.  he is such a crazy boy!
blarg! geist, that sounds terrific to me, too. unfortunately, i have too much going on this week, so i can't. it's looking like my original idea for a goal is only going to be enough to get the sauce and labels made and pay ks their portion. it won't cover freight or any incidentals, so it looks like i need to increase the funding goal.
morning bakhan. how is my puppy this morning?
morning kittens!
morning kittens. it's rainy all week and over cast all week. i just want to curl up with a good book and some spiked hot chocolate.
morning kittens.
because 5 oz of bbq/steak sauce isn't enough, but 5 oz of regular hot sauce is.
why are they different, i mean? ` ah, o-chem. where you can spend an entire night frantically hurrying to catch up on labs only to finish 2. 3! technically 3! one of them was a 2-parter i did as one.
oh really? why's that?
for $5 each
soon. the other flavors will be in 5 oz bottles. it's just the mad cow that i'm thinking of having in pint bottles.
ok. i mean, it's not like i'll let it go to waste! heck, if worse comes to worst, it just means more macaroni for everyone! so when do you expect to launch it?
unless there's enough of an outcry in the next few days. i have to figure out what a minimum order would be, and each order can only have one size of bottle
yes
eek. wait, that's a full pint. will that be the only size for a bottle?
i'm looking at the numbers, and it looks like i'm going to have to charge $12 or so for a 16 oz bottle of mad cow.
i remember when dead week was a time to relax and prepare. this semester, it's like 3 times as much work as i've had all semester.
also, that bottle opener/cap shooter thing got here! that'll be alot of fun!
just got back from bowling with my lab section to find out chem club is bowling friday as well! my wrist kinda hurts, and i got sequentially worse through the day, but hey, i started off with a 117, which is nice for someone who bowls once every two years or so!
i got saddled with 8 turns, and ended up using them all and not getting blown up once. helped i had a lot of reverse and skips in there. still ended up getting down to last card in the deck. lost, but got there none the less.
but leaving before exploding causes an imbalance in the cards. this is true. if you look at the percentage meter before and after someone leaves a 5 person game, the percentage goes way down. you end up collecting a whole lot more cards especially if it's the beginning of the game.
yeah jumping out after the timer starts is fine. i've had people get saddled up with more turns than there are cards quit without taking a single turn, though.
i always draw first, then if it's early and can't defuse, i jump out. i've won a game where i was first to draw, and got a kitten first thing.
oh, i thought we were talking about people who quit because they know they're about to explode, but haven't drawn the card yet.
@lz: i've never seen an imbalance due to that. every time someone left while being exploded, and someone else drew, the percentage dropped slightly.
but leaving before exploding causes an imbalance in the cards. too many sploders, eh?
@geist: i sometimes leave when being attacked because it's early in the game, and i can't defuse it. if they made it so we could click on the kitten to expedite the exploding, then it wouldn't be so much of a problem.
@gm: i hate when people do that. why the hell are people being trolls in a game? i also hate when people leave when they are getting attacked. take it like a man ya wimp!
damn it, i hate when people freeze the game on their turn. i think i might know how they are doing it too...opening up the "currently open apps" screen and leaving it there. that's the only way i can think of it happening. and it's always when someone knows they are going to lose too. -.-
@lz: but since we are official, doesn't that make gm a special person too? he should be able to play his game music loud enough for me to hear it in d.c.
#confirmed! oh boy, now that the sucky part of the day is out of the way, just one more class and then bowling with my lab section! it's a tradition of my lab ta's.
wow, official ... i'm going to have to add that to the kittencorps website!
oh, you guys just don't realize that you're dealing with the most important people in the world. i see it all the time on the road, too; people there are so super important that laws don't apply to them. i wish i were that important.
@geist: oh, i hate those people as well. my neighbour has his volume set extremely loud, loud enough that i can hear it, in my house, in my room, while playing games, with the sounds on. if i'm using my headset to chat with people, i can barely hear his movies/shows/music still. thankfully, he doesn't do it super late at night. he tends to stop it around 10pm, just as i'm settling down to read/watch a movie/few episodes of whatever anime i'm binging on at that time.
have i ever mentioned how much i hate when people play their music too loud at home? there is absolutely no reason why people need to play music at level 11 outside of a wedding party.
have i ever mentioned how much i hate argumentative people? i know i gave you that approved form, because i had two copies. one for ap, one for the benefits coordinator. don't tell me i didn't give it to you.
we're official? woohoo! i feel so special now.
@lz: that's awesome!
it loaded for me just now. that's cool! then went over and saw the conversation. kinda want to join in, but then i won't be able to participate like at all today.
now, i just realized that it posted the whole album, instead of one picture. some of those pictures are pretty offensive if you don't know the context. the offensive ones were for photoshop contests on cracked.com
it loaded for me.
now it says the site is down for maintenance, so that could be why.
it won't load, lz. i can't see it.
i took a screenshot. http://i1162.photobucket.com/albums/q539/fornaxx/screenshot_2016-04-25-17-37-22_zpsoco5fj1t.png
blarg! i don't want to read all of the comments. the cat butt messses up the order of your cards. also, bella told someone on slack that we're the official fan club.
i leave after being exploded, of course, unless it's right at the end of an interesting game. but just leaving out of nowhere is rarely a cool thing to do and can be annoying.
@cb: i typically leave after being blown up, unless it's really close to the end of the deck, then i stay until the bitter end. i only leave while being blown up if it's ridiculously early in the game.
i've left a game after getting blown up, but never while being blown up.  still, that's why we beta test.  i have faith that the development team will get it figured out so that it doesn't crash a game in progress if somebody leaves too soon.
hi creeper.
hola, creeper! how's life?
hi guys!
either in case of the glitch, or if you don't want to waste other peoples time due to you being out of a defuse, and having a kitten on you trying to blow up.
i keep forgetting "comments" doesn't refresh this page! i hate it! i hope i'm the only one having this trouble; i wouldn't wish it on anyone. even after restarting my computer, checking the site, everything. doesn't work on any kickstarter. ` is that in case of the glitch? yeah, it sucks. i hope they get that bug fixed.  if you just mean for people leaving the game willy nilly, though... i hate those jerks.  (yeah, like that zem guy one time when he realized there was nothing left to do, he was out, and he just left to save time of waiting for the bomb to go off! f*** that guy!) yeah, i've done it occasionally, but since learning it's a problem, i stopped. still, i hate waiting like 10 seconds for it to finally explode. you should be able to push a button and get it over with quicker.
you can always use the "back" button on your phone to leave it. at least, on android. if i'm not mistaken, there is no "back" button on the actual iphone, it's only on the app. the best you can do on iphone is close the app.
that happened to me too once, gm. we all just quit. the person with the kitten can't do anything because the screen that comes up disables the "leave game" button. yet another reason they should add a feature to just tap the kitten or timer and explode already so if you don't have a defuse you don't end up just sitting there for so long waiting for nothing.
someone just glitched the ek game. they drew an kitten, for the second time, and it's been almost 2 minutes with it sitting on them not exploding them.
gm, don't tempt me! ;) well, i guess i got my bonus for being here all weekend: a 20+ comment bonus. i commented like a normal weekend, i.e. once every 3 hours at the shortest.  ` hoo boy, and so it begins. a final tomorrow morning for lab, mostly taken from quizzes in the labs (which our section didn't get all of yet as well as we took 2 labs per week, but the exam is only over things the 1/week sections did). going to meet with my lab group later to study. we're all crashing and burning together now.
@geist, it was good, nothing too special.  we had a really good band practice on saturday.  got the house relatively clean, got some minis painted.  yeah, it was good. ;)
@geist: mine wasn't too bad. went and saw the jungle book on saturday. we tried to go for the 8pm showing, but we could only get seats in the front three rows. so we ended up going for the 9:40pm showing. the movie itself wasn't bad. but the ending is nowhere near what the original animated films ending was. and i can't recall the ending for the book itself, so i can't say if it was accurate to that.
morning you crazy canadians. how was your weekend?
morning kittens!
morning kittens. @zem: can't dock pay that doesn't exist.
alright everyone, what are your excuses for leaving me completely unattended this weekend? creeper was the only one to stop by, much more often than normal, even! y'all should get your pay docked for shoddy attendance.
morning kittens. i had a good weekend. a card game on saturday and a book fair that was more fun than i thought it would be. the weather was great both days and will reach the mid 80's this week. i need to break out my flip flops
hi, cb. also, if you read any of my past comments, you'd know. basically, nobody being here was one of the most eventful parts of the weekend. seriously! since friday, the only person here was creeper with 3 batches of 2 comments, now you!
hi, zem.  hope you're having a good weekend.
another quarter of a day on top of that! i wonder if anyone will read any of these? it looks like spam, but i'm averaging like one comment every 4-6 hours or so.
this all zem all day all nite show marathon is a massive success!!! nearly 2 full days straight!!!
this... this is *literally* why i'm done with  the internet for tonight! how do you top this?! this is perfect!http://9gag.com/gag/adoqgqd
human contact!!! good night! ` just watched "er ist wieder da!", or "look who's back!". for seeming like such a dumb idea, it was a surprisingly amazing film! i actually loved it! really funny at parts, and it had its moments, also with a surprisingly motivational message. all i really got out of it is that hitler is the stereotypical everyman! ;)
yeah- i don't know why i remembered bffs.  that made. i sense anyway.  g'night.
merp.
day 2... still no sign of other hoomans since that one creeper with a taser left...
13/17 comments in over 24 hours now are me. that *might* be a little more than is typical, but really, not really.  i rate it 13/17. ` and dang it! all and self need to be pushed over just a few dots, and so does by! i'll get it eventually!
.......................................................mmmyyyyyyy..........................................................................................................byyyyyy.....................................................................................................................aaallll..............................................seeeeellllfff.....................................................  ` i think it worked this time! ` also, holy crap, people!!! a day and a half with only two interjections from creeper?! this does not count as spam after this amount of time. well, creeper, seems you're a very special recurring guest on a very special extra long azad/ns telethon!
was surprised at first, but remembered it's saturday. why are you guys never on on the weekend?
i kinda want to play a round, but i have somewhere to be in the morning. dang it, i need to sleep!  hehe. when captain kirk is rolling around all night in bed, does he yell  "khhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnn't sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep!!!"?! ;)
damn, so close! oh well, that's what i thought, but i also thought i remembered b being attributed to elan by someone here at some point a long time ago.  ` i didn't see that picture somehow! also, while i'm sure he does indeed love bffs, i think his shirt says "bees". ;)
and he's wearing a "i love bffs" shirt.  i tweeted a pic of the screen shot when i played him.  it's on the kitten corps twitter
no- b is bella.  elan will def say elan.
i forget, is elan "b"? isn't that his name on the slack? i don't know why it is, but i think that's it, isn't it?  if so, i just played him and got knocked out early in the game due to utter bs. not even a jerk player, really, just stupidity and bs. darn, i was hoping to beat him!
nope. refreshed my computer and still hitting "comments" doesn't refresh it. you guys having the same problem? it's not working for me on any kickstarter page.
if you're on a computer, though, i found you can just change the width of the window until it matches up right. close enough!
noooo! when it uploaded, it changed the length of the rows just enough to mess it up! aw man!
...................................mmmyyyyyyy..........................................................................................................byyyyyy.....................................................................................................................aaallll..............................................seeeeellllfff..................................................... ` ` hehe, i was just wondering if i could actually make that work! oh my gosh, i think it actually did!!!
most of the time i really don't mind, and just take the kitten with honor and sit there until it goes off (any word on if they'll let you skip the waiting and maybe tap the kitten to just set it off now?), but that game ticked me off. that entire scenario was bs. i mean, like now, it's come down to the last few cards between me and another person for 3 games in a row now, and i always lose somehow.
@zem- that's why i love this game.  you may think you've got it made, or may lose quick- things turn around so fast!
cb- i agree- as soon as i have a cat butt and some steals- i use it.  i've had them take from me too soon. or if you wait too long, and people no longer have their defuse- it may not do much. i was just playing elan again, and it was going well, but i totally zoned out and drew a card- despite only 4 left in the pile and no more defuses for me! such a stupid mistake
ooooh!!! my rustles have been jimmied! got in a game, one guy ticked me off by stealing like 4 cards from me in a row, so i set out to kill him primarily. easy since the other players all sucked and were out instantly. he had so many cards, almost half from me, but to the end, i got another defuse and 5 attacks! so he had to take 11 turns! 11! somehow, though, the only other last card was an attack!  god! f**********! ************************************!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! because of that i had to take the 10 more turns. are you kidding me, game?! why would you give me the perfect revenge setup and then do that?!
i don't even remember waking up to an alarm and turning it off. i just straight up slept until 5 instead of 3.  ` so, guys, are we gonna have a corps game some set time tonight?!
i keep my hand in a certain order and mostly remember exactly what i have and where, so cat butt wasn't a problem the one time i tried it. but then is it in the party pack? because i've never seen it again. ` cb, oh yeah, here, let me see if i can just put it up on facebook. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@cb: i would think the cat butt card would be better spent when an opponent doesn't have a whole lot of cards in his hand. that way, you stand a better chance of stealing his diffuse card as oppose to just a regular card.
i see a lot of people who are adopting the strategy of not playing any cards in the beginning to have more available for the end game.  in general i agree with that, but if i find myself early on with the cat butt card and one or more steal cards, i will use those asap to have a better chance of stealing a defuse card. i also like playing cat butt right before a triple slap to send my opponent scattering to try to find nis defuse card in time.
well, as usual kickstarter is no help in getting the entire content stream like general calculus was somehow able to do.  does he ever visit here any more?  does anyone have a way of contacting him?
zem, i don't know what kind of plans are in store. bella only said that they have plans.
i'm fond of using the diarrhea(however many needed) + slap/reverse/skip. and i'm also fond of putting the cat i just defused onto the bottom of the deck.
i'm fond of diarrhea + cat butt + multiple steals.
hello kittens. re: game strategy when i first started playing, i was emptying my hand well before the game was done. now, since they have the percentage timer, i hoard my cards so that when i'm attacked, i can fight back. i like the cat butt/steal cards combo. it's a great way to get an extra defuse card.
"i uploaded a picture of the sneak attack cards to the slack #thecrate page if you're on there." can i see this if i missed the crate?  (you know i'm jealous of you all!)
i may have just played a beta ios game with the oatmeal!  he changed his avatar name right before the game started though.
nothing like there being ~30 cards left in the deck, and only two people left alive. using party pack at that.
i know what i'm having for lunch. ... sleep. just a nap, but necessary nonetheless. i was very nearly nodding off through the first half of chem lecture just now before it got interesting only to find out i didn't even need to actually go there in the first place. i could already have napped! the injustice!
i may go crazy by the end of today....all i'm doing is listening to webinars to get my hours for continuing education, and filing....this is going to be a long day. not to mention i don't know what i'm having for lunch.
aaw, dang it! too late, noob! i wanted to play you! oh well, i'll probably be on later today some time.  we should set up a corps game time! say, something like 6 central, or whenever we can agree on!
overly attached player? ;) ` also, creeper, limited time offer. i can only be on for 15 more min. right now, so really only able to start a game for 5 or so!
attacked*
i've won with being the most attached, card hoarder, and the defuse master.
anyone up for a game right now?! creeper? i'll wait in the designated room for awhile now!
i almost always have "card collector" at the end of a game.
yeah, i love when someone plays all their cards when there's only a 12% chance of kittens, so you just steal their last two cards and then set them up to die. attack them when you know a kitten or two are on top.
i'm the same way as you creeper. i hoard my cards until i need to start using them, or in retaliation to someone hitting me with something.
oh snap...just stole someone's diffuse with a blind cat butt!
also- people that play all their cards at the start.  i hoard mine until i no longer have a defuse.
i would think one way to avoid that is - if they duck out more than once, they might have a time penalty... can't play the game again for a set amount of time.  i had a nother game that did that.
gm, the worst thing is that you don't have a wide variety of options, so when your turn rolls around, if it's not already drawn, it's either within see the future range, guessing about the next one or two past that range, or on the bottom.  one time i even used the bottom to my advantage, drew the kitten, defused, and threw it at a person who couldn't avoid it! if you ask me, though, it was *totally* deliberate! ;) ` but yeah, the strategy of most people online is that of a 7 year-old. it's not even fair most of the time. really, it's just plain annoying. ` ooh, lz, what kind of plans? because 80% of the time they leave early, it's just giving up and ducking out as the bomb hits them. ` also, i'm tired as well, but for me it's because i've been up for exactly 21 hours straight now. i got a ton of sleep yesterday if you read that, but i'll nap this afternoon and be golden.
the pain is gone. now i'm just dead tired. i've also noticed the lack of strategy. bella has said they have plans for people who quit the game early.
morning lz- sorry about the migraines... those are awful.  :( hope you start to feel better today. and gm- agreed.  or people are starting to leave the game when they get attacked.  i've stayed in all the games- and it's amazing how fast it can turn around!
morning kittens. i'm finding that almost nobody on the app has any strategy whatsoever. they defuse the cat, then put it right on top, not even thinking about possibly placing in a different spot.
morning. i feel like a zombie. been at work for 1.5 hours already. i didn't sleep well after the migraine last night, either.
morning kittens!
wow! still nobody here? what do i pay you people for?!  seriously, though, when i'm not on, you guys are buzzing around all morning this early. today must be saturday and i got the dates mixed up. ooh, please say it's saturday already!
wow, nobody here yet? i'm usually not the first person here, and i wake up at 7:30 two days a week.
so i slept through all of you being on here [yesterday]... oh geez, it's not even a sarcastic yesterday, it's 5 am! so, i slept through the busy part yesterday, now you're all sleeping through my time on here?! i should have been spamming the azans button all night long! though this means you should start getting back on soon. about the time i leave for donuts and then classes... like normal.
don't worry, creeper, i saw that! also, your comment didn't come up until now somehow! ` just played a ton more with my roommate and a friend. everyone loves the expansion and thinks the two sneak attack cards are perfect! try it yourselves!  also, i would say no more than two sneak attacks because it's so powerful. two is perfect, though.
i'm off now, but if you want to, just comment here and i'll check in as often as i can remember, so maybe once every youtube video, so on average once every 10 minutes.  come on guys, you're making me look like a spammer!
dude- zem... you buried the lead.  i played elan tonight!  and won!
is anyone up for a game on the regular app tonight? i'll check into the room between games.
nevermind, got that figured out, but how do you get the invite? in my profile on the app, it says i have none.
with hockeyapp to play the beta, it says "download", you press that, it downloads, then it says "install the downloaded package." where do you go to install downloaded things? i can't find that.
oh yeah, don't know if it was already said here, but riprince. or should i say... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/a/af/prince_logo.svg/870px-prince_logo.svg.png
i uploaded a picture of the sneak attack cards to the slack #thecrate page if you're on there.
i couldn't download hockeyapp to play the beta. i was going to look back into it now, but it just didn't work. hope i can get it figured out.
woo! finally got to try out the expansion!  first thoughts: that sneak attack card i made makes the game really interesting! second thoughts: wait, when you steal, the new cards look different on the back, like they're brighter. that makes a major advantage when you're stealing because you know which ones are from which deck! it's an unfair advantage.
squeee!  just played elan!!!  and won! hahaha
the beta has a few newer features to work out any kinks, etc.  there are little chat options- catchphrases - to use during the game.  i'd get my ipad now but it's charging in the other room and i am lazy.
geist i can play with you on my ipad, that's the regular version.  the beta was opened up to people in the crate.
i never downloaded the beta version only what the app that was in the google store. does this mean i  can't play with you guys?
yeah, that was great
i loved when you said "i'm not afraid of kittens" and then immediately drew an exploding kitten.
hehehehehehe
and the destroyed him!
just found lz!
i'm glad they did chat choices as opposed to open typing, to prevent anyone being too rude.
i'm finally getting players on the beta!  i like the little chat choices.
man i just got kicked out of a game super fast!  boooo.
ooh, i think that card will be named something about panic or surprise!  ooh! like "sneak attack!" -force the next player to draw the top card i like it!
now for yet another exam and then to finally get to test the crate expansion!!! my brother came in to see me, but ended up waking me up and then i had to go, so we're going to meet at a great coffee shop after the exam to play for a couple hours. oh, i need to bring a marker to make that card idea i had, the one that forces the next person to draw without being able to play something to avoid it! (nopes work, of course, just as with any normal attack)
huh. who'd've thought that allowing myself to sleep in however long meant until 1:36, 5 minutes after lab, the one class i couldn't skip, began?! then again, thinking about last night... it's a good thing i did! i feel more awake and energized than i have in months after that much sleep! and considering i literally got 11 hours of sleep and woke up at 1:30 (only then because my brother came to see me. i had 12 missed calls!), i'll probably just stay up literally all night, go to sleep tomorrow night. wheee!!!!! ooh, that means i'll be up early enough to go to the really good donut shop early!!!
woo! network is back up. now i don't have to do filing(until i have nothing else to do...)
@gm, well, it's probably some networking hardware or a trunk line leading to your place of business then.  sorry about the inconvenience.
it's actually not just my computer. the entire company network is down right now.
@gm, check your cable modem and your router.  one or both of them may need to be reset.
i think the network card on my work computer died. whole thing froze, then when i finally got it restarted, it can't connect all networks.
@geist, are you running the ios beta?  if so, tap on the little speech bubble by your avatar.
i wish i could chat when i'm in the game. and i can't make emojis at all.
wel as for me, tonight i'm gonna party like it's 1999.
i just tried the emojis in the beta game.  i don't have time to respond when it's my turn.  i think they should extend the idle time limit if you're emoting.
geist, that's because 2016 needs to be sated by the good celebrities. those that contributed good things to the world.
@lz: then why hasn't 2016 taken one kardashian?
ok. now we need to pin down how many slaps are in 3 and 4 player games
we started with a full game of 5.
@gm, how many players is that with the 3 and 3?
2016 has now taken prince. 2016 will not rest until its celebrity bloodlust has been sated. only the blood of 1,000 celebrities can slake its thirst.
prince is gone. this must be a sign of the apocalypse. all of the good entertainers are being called home.
not the party deck expansion
define regular game
looks like there are 3 of the single and 3 of the double slaps in a regular game.
...first two draws for me, and i get a defuse in each.
woo! lunch time. i can play. :d
i know for sure that there are 4 slaps in a 2 player game.
yes, i know that there are "about" so many kinds of each card. but i'd like to know for sure if all slaps have been played or if there's still one lurking.
play enough games and you can figure it out fairly accurately. i believe, in the standard deck on there, that there is an additional 2 defuse in the deck to be picked up. there are ~5 slap cards total(3 single 2 double). looks like 4-6 of the "look at x cards on top of the deck". probably 4-6 skips, 3-4 shuffle, 3-4 reverse.
i'd rather know. you know how many cards are in the physical deck.
not yet, but that's a good idea!  just so people know what they're working with... or would it be better to have an element of surprise?
is there a list of how many of each kind of card there are for the mobile game?
leo almost lost a game for me though!  he was watching me play on the ipad, then started swatting it as i was trying to defuse!
i'll have to play some private games with you guys on beta. can't seem to find another player!  purchased the app for my ipad though.  happy to be playing again!
in your face sounds a lot like the idea i had. i called it magic mirror. it's the second equipment card i came up with (the first is a fruitcake shield). you play equipment cards face down on your turn. they are activated later, when conditions are met. they can be noped when played, but not when activated. magic mirror reflects an attack, fruitcake shield stops an attack or protects against an exploder. the shield can protect against the backwards kitten.
i'll try playing it both ways and see how others feel.  you may be right.
pretty much...i just think it would be too powerful if you can't nope it.
gm has the idea, geist. @gm, so you think the card is a reasonable idea, but it should be "nope-able"?
@pot: if i'm understanding that correctly, it's like bouncing back an attach on you to your attacker? if so, the "can't be noped" thing is a bit overpowered. also, morning kittens.
i'm not sure how your new card works (i blame my bad cold and lack of sleep) could you give me an example of how it would work?
g' morning geist!
alright ek hive mind..... having been supplied with ten additional blank cards with my expansion pack i am considering a new card for a future expansion.  i call it "in your face".   the concept- this card returns any action (typically for use when attacked, since there are now many more attacks than skips) to the player that initiates an action against you.  this card cannot be "noped".  perhaps it can be played by any player at any time to stop someone from doing something devious and underhanded to a friend. thoughts?
morning kittens. i've been playing ek on my phone and i have no problem finding a game even at 2 in the morning.
hey zem, when you're done with refraction, look in to rayleigh chaos theory.  it's relaxing.  if you're wound tighter than a three dollar watch.
sweet google moogley, there is group of people who regularly play? i'm kinda tired of trying to get my friends to play...
you're just now getting here about this, alex?! that was months ago!  see update #29, the one with the infographic. that'll answer all your questions.
never received my backing reward
umm... is one of you named dillz on the ek app? because they were in the corps room just now!
my braaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn... (to be read in the same pronunciation as "the black beast of aaaaaauuuuurrrrgh!" from monty python's holy grail)
you know what? perfect way to get rid of all this stress (after more homework, easier, though, for another class): the entirety of rachmaninoff's piano concerto no. 3 and ek online!
well, i'll just skip it. "what is the wavelength in terms of the wavelength and index of refraction." i don't like where this is going... "what is the index... of f*********** refraction... that variable used in the past two questions... in terms of velocity.... and the goddamn index of refraction?" whoever made these questions doesn't understand definitions. the biggest rule is that you can't use a word in it's own damn definition! i seriously almost threw up from stress there. this after today... today after yesterday... this all before tomorrow and what it brings... not to mention this weekend, i only have a short time on saturday to relax, and that's my whole weekend. then on to "dead" week, a week when you learn 10% of what's on the final, not to mention i have a final on tuesday early morning!
this homework isn't even driving me slowly or subtly insane, it just came banging on the door after i just got released from the asylum and was barely into recovery. how can the frequency of a beam of light depend on the frequency of the beam of light?!?!?!?!?!
well... shit. i keep getting apps downloaded automatically and google play won't let me delete them!!! no matter what i do!  the only option, which i'll have to do some other time, is to download an entire new launcher, make it default, and then force the other one, the current default, to go to hell and take its auto-downloading bs with it.
matthew, not even we, the loyal corps, get special perks. though most of us made it into the crate, so we can beta test new features.
do backers get any perks on the app
i like to have half the slaps and let the opponent start the slap war.
i lost, the last guy hoarded all the slap cards.
5 people still in, 7 cards left in deck...i have 2 defuse, a bottom draw, 1 skip, 2 reverse.
we were the last two...i had time to go to the bathroom, and come back, and nothing had happened.
it's supposed to draw the top card for him in that case
two people have already left because he isn't using his turn....
they need to do something for people that sit there, and don't play their turn. currently sitting in a game where the guy is not doing his turn, he used his defuse, has 4 cards, and just sitting there...doing nothing.
i purchased the official release and all the extras and then installed the beta so i can have the extras in the beta. i'll be installing the official release on my boy's tablet when i get home.
yeh, that's why i don't want to give up on the beta until the new features make it to the app.  i have the best of both now that i have different versions on different phones.  now all we need is a version for windows phone.
the current beta build has some preprogrammed reaction/chat things
naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!  oh, that was such a good game, cb! it came down to the wire! i was hoping those last 2 cards of yours weren't a diffuse or skip! dang, so close. now, though, i'm off for an exam and won't be back until late tonight, at which point i have even more work to do.
nice game, zem.  i just out-lasted you this time.
cb, i saw it by accident when i checked it. the only reason i don't leave it logged into that room is so nobody starts the game when i'm not here and i lose by default. i don't have time now though. aah, maybe for a real quick game!
is a way to chat in game on the way or in development? i mean, it's a fast-paced game and *most* people are on their phones, making it harder to type fast, but it's worth a try. i've wanted to say a few things sometimes.
@cb: needing to finish work...i plan on playing while on my way home though.
hmm ... not working.  is everyone on break or headed home?
ok let's try it out.  i've started a kcorps game on my android phone,
i don't know exactly what kind mine is, lz, but imagine this, but 2 years before it. it's like this, but a crappier version, with actual buttons for return, power, etc. and not nearly as nice of a home screen. it has a grid of 3x4 with different options like message, alarm, internet, settings, tools, notepad, etc and a bar on bottom of the screen for other calling stuff. otherwise, this is pretty close: http://cdn.thedroidguy.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/galaxy-stratosphere-2.jpg
@cb: i used my kc email for it...so i need to get the kc email working again to get the litter box login info.
... cool ... that was my own typo, since i turned autocrap off.
hey that's cook lz.  so if we always use the same code, we can just join at a predetermined time.
@gm, on the login screen, glick on "i forgot my password" and then fill in the form on the next page to have your password reset.  you'll need to use the email you used originally to sign up.  i know that works because i forgot my own password and that's how i got back in.
that's interesting. what kind do you have? i have an intensity iii for work, which has a flip out qwerty, and letters on the numbers. i don't remember if my gravity ii had the letters on the numbers, through
thanks.  it's just that when i look at the codes, i don't see letters with them, and my phone, unless i'm actually dialing something, doesn't either as it has a flip-out qwerty keyboard. qwerty masterrace for life! so it just didn't even occur to me that numbers could mean letters.
i know you're not on a phone, but most people have one nearby. i meant no offense, i was just trying to give a clue. 526777
well sorry, lz, i'm not on a phone, remember?! to me, i only see the numbers. what would kcorps be then? also, still not sure if this is the best place for it.
zem, 6 digit numbers, yes. look at a phone.
umm...not sure if i do have that email. i will have to check when i get home tonight(while listening to multiple webinars)
@gm, do you still have the original email from me when your email id was created?  if you haven't changed your password since then it should still work.  as for your forum password, i don't think i can help you.
@cb: i forgot my password for there, and for my kc email too.
wow, is that still going?  i haven't been there for months.
cb, the litter box is the forum. just our pet/code name for it.
as for me, i think now i have to get ready for my exam at 6 and won't be back once i leave until probably 9:30 or 10 tonight due to a review session immediately after for my exam tomorrow. hooray for the end of the school year...
litter box?  online play group ??? did i just step into some secret society that i know nothing about?
ok. got it now. won't be able to try it until i get my phone charged up.
i think it can only be 6 digit numbers. and we probably shouldn't put it here.
...i caved and was playing a game...but the app stopped working. i had two double slap, a single slap, mantis shrimp, skip, and defuse in my hand. i had the two double slaps and single slap since the start.
wait a minute, can't they only be numbers?
dang, i nearly won but got put up against a jerk for that round, and he had an extra defuse that i saw in the future but couldn't draw. ` anyone up to start kcorps right now?
geist, look at the latest post in the litter box
is that the name of our online play group?
kcorps ftw then?
wish i could come play...stupid work needing to be done. t.t
yay, i won my first online game!
oooh! yeah, kcorps is better!
darn. really good game but i've lost two in a row before my phone battery died.
i'm down with those.
@lz, that works, or kcorps maybe?
with my laptop, though, it's fn f5, and either way, it's just easier to hit the reload button.
i propose "kitten"
@bakhan: unless you wear it out. @zem: the answer is yes.
@zem, good ole f5 will never let you down... ;)
gm, what, did they update or something and kick out the only comment refresh on the page? or is it just them being stupid again?
@lz, very interesting.... ;)
check out the litter box.
@zem: because kickstarter, that's why it no longer refreshes.
geist, you start a game, get a code, and tell your friends to join. i think we should have a weekly game or something here, though i don't like when the comments are  just codes and comments about the game out of context. we'll just post a game code here or maybe even in the litter box to join in on.
why isn't hitting "comments" refreshing the comments for me? anyone else have this problem?
they're working on options for getting us the goodies, but google makes it difficult.
how do you find friends on it? i tried that and it asked me for a code that i have to get from the internet.
yay!  i downloaded the android game and now i don't have to wait for ios beta testers to play a game.  haven't won yet on android though.
@damion, i would like to believe so, but you could pm them directly and actually get an official answer. ;)
will the stuff that ios people got for free be made available for free for android users?
i'll get a chance to play in awhile, though i have alot to do today, so i won't be able to hop on much or for very long. maybe one or two games.
@geist, congrats! ;) i won my first game as well.
@gm, same thing happend my second game!  i'm on there as.... you guessed it... bakhan!
i just realized; is there an attack to make a person unable to play any cards and so their turn is forced to only draw? i think i'll suggest that.
aaw man, you have to pay for the android one now? why wouldn't they let me in the beta?!?! ` yeees!!! i'm in finally! let slip the cute lil' kitties of war!!! the villains are back! i'll make my name something to the effect of... "zem" not a common name, so it shouldn't be taken. ever. if it is... they'll learn...
gm, i'm the same way with caffeine unless i overdose myself with 2.5-3 liters of coffee. ;) ` cb, i think it was calculus and whoever else set up all the online stat stuff for the corps back then, prez maybe?, that also worked on the dropbox comment counter that still works today. i thought you were the one to set it up as well.
something else funny: just found out today that the dot on my arm from the acid burn apparently has no feeling! i thought it didn't go that deep at all, but apparently there's no feeling for a tiny circle on my arm. i poked it pretty deep with a pencil, but it just felt like someone pressing a finger into my arm!
wow. not only did i get to play my first game but i won! i think this deserves a drink tonight. (if i can make this cold go away by then)
oh yeah, geist, you can't complain about cold: you had a warning! i've said you get the same weather as me, just a couple days later, so you should have expected really warm like my weekend every week, and then really cold suddenly, possibly rain, like i got sunday and monday!  i warned ya! (in tim the pyromancer's voice from the holy grail)
oh yeah, forgot yesterday there was something interesting: even though it was over 60 f, you could see your breath! it was so humid out that, even though it was so warm, when the nearly 100% humidity from your lungs hit the air and cooled down, there was nowhere for the humidity to dissipate, so it just condensed! yeah, science! but it was really weird for it to be so warm and still see your breath.
also, if anyone is looking, i am g.mountain on the android game.
sob! my second game...last card in the deck was the final exploding kitten...and i had just ran out of cards right before. >.<
@bakhan, i could write something if i could get access to the entire comment stream in a file, but i haven't found a way to do that without loading it into a browser and continuing to click on the "older comments" link.
downloading game now
would it be possible to get the android app up on the amazon app store or as a download from your own site? i have issues with payment on google play..
did they ever add a single player vs. computer opponents option to the exploding kitten app?  i believe at launch this wasn't included you had to play with local player or against online opponents.  this recent update reminded me about the app.  i would like to buy to play during those wait times at the bank and stores.  thanks!
@cb, i think you're actually the most savy when it comes to these types of things... i actually thought it was you that made the comment tracker! ;)
@geist, i think so, but it still appears to be updating, so i thought someone could tell me how to access the raw comments and set it up myself.
@gm i asked bella if they could give us more name space. she said she'd look into it.
@cb: wasn't the ek comment stats something that ex prez or prime set up?
new update for android users...
btw, how do you come up with the comment number stats?  i'd like to do that on other projects.
morning kittens.  i'm hanging out on olo for the last 2 hours of the campaign.  for such a highly funded project, there's a lot of backer cynicism and pledge churn.  i needed to check in here at ek for a sanity check.
...i can't fit great mountain as my name. t.t
ek now paid for, and downloading, on my phone.
one of the worst things about my body...caffeine and other "energizers" don't do anything for me. this is going to be a long drawn out day. -.-
morning kittens.
@geist de la muerte gatito: that's a tough question.
@lrsering: mad in a mental way or an emotional way?
no free in-app downloads for android users? i'm mad -.-
i don't know what kept me up last night. my window was open enough to allow a breeze, it wasn't particularly cold out either. i wasn't smothered under blankets/quilts(i only have a thin quilt on my bed anyways). and i wasn't uncomfortable enough to not be able to sleep. there was no reason for me to have been awake almost all night.
2 hours of sleep last night, and have zero patience for people today. looks like we had the same kind of night. my nose is stopped up and now my throat is getting sore. where the heck was this cold hiding?
morning kittens. is today over yet? i got possibly 2 hours of sleep last night, and have zero patience for people today.
my point being it's a bit cold for this part of the pattern, wednesday, but it's only because of the rain and will be back to the regularly scheduled programming shortly.
it's rainy with a high of 59f, 15c, today. it warms back up gradually after today until sunday and monday, projected to be 80-ish, but then back down to 60 or less. that weekly pattern, man!
morning kittens. i can't believe it is cold outside this morning. why are you toying with my emotions mother nature?
next stop: 961 comments to derail creeper!!!  *insert maniacal laughter here*
where were you earlier?! i was givin' it all i've got, but i only know a basis of chemistry! you're the pharma chemist! also, geist, what he said! for that reason! but i do know that alcohol is used as a reagent often for a good reason, and that for some things, it can change them even just a tiny bit, which is enough for them to become ineffective. alot of things, though, don't react with it much, and not at all in the minor concentrations it'll be with the alcohol in your blood. always best to check and be safe. though this started as a joke, now i'm overthinking it just to get thoughts out of my head. uhh... i need a diversion fast! quick: did you know grapefruit can actually disable most drugs?! it's so powerful and altering that alot of bottles now have in the warning section to not have grapefruit while taking that medication!
well, lz, you had like a 3,000 comment head start or something! ` you know what i meant with the therapist thing. not licensed therapists, but they do perform some level of therapy for people there, or at the very least, aa could be and is considered a form of therapy for recovering alcoholics.
and congratulations on passing me, zem. it only took over a year!
aa doesn't really have therapists, either. there's a group leader, but that's frequently someone who has had success with the program. there are also sponsors and attendees, but i don't think there are any therapists. i guess some groups might have one, but that would be a coincidencem
geist, it depends on whether you need to get anything done. i've had a doctor suggest that i take nyquil and diphenhydramine hcl (the active ingredient in benadryl, among other "clear your nose" drugs) at the same time to help me breathe when i had a sinus infection.
*aa therapist. i don't know if aaa has therapists.
from a "how it makes you feel" standpoint? with enough alcohol, anything works! from a "is this healthy?" standpoint? no. i would definitely say to at least check the warnings on the box first. and the internet. and a doctor. and poison control. and a aaa therapist. and...
does booze and allergy medicine go together?
wait! come back! i didn't mean it! whatever it was that scared you all off in the first place. though historically, a conversation might break out of nowhere and spontaneously and instantly reach 2 comments per minute. be on your guard!
aaw, now i scared everyone off. i have that effect on people.
that was us just two years ago; broke every damn record in the early year, then the winter made back up for it. farmers planted over a month early that year! i hated it because it was warmer in early february than it is now. i think we *may* be having a warm year, but not nearly much more than normal. this is pretty normal, actually, just not the weather stalling and repeating a weekly pattern for two months straight only to break it slightly by raining one weekend and making monday just a bit colder than it would have been otherwise.
our normal high for this time of year, is about 12c(53.5f). our record, set in 1936, is 27.2c. we are supposed to get to 28c today. there is little to no cloud cover.
it must be on its way to us; we'll be getting that this weekend. right now, though, it's 61f (15.5c) out, which is actually an improvement over rainy, even colder yesterday.
okay, it is officially summer outside. we are sitting at just under 79f(26c)
also: it hasn't updated just now, but https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/23263053/ek/topcommenters.html ` check out the scoreboard, lz! muhuahahahahaha!!! then again, you have all week to pass me again because i can never comment much during them, but then over the weekend i'll pass you again, this time probably for good. like i said: "muhuahahahahaha!!!"
maybe we could make hot sauce so hot it wakes you right up?  ` besides, even if it comes down to it, everyone is so different, especially when it comes to sleep, that there would be no easy way to end sleep. we'll have to stick with caffeine for now, i guess.  sleep isn't very simple, at least not its effects on your brain. it seems straight forward, but it's definitely not. dozens upon dozens of necessary processes kick in when you fall asleep, so any liquid sleep would need to simulate those, some of which are impossible while awake.
i mean, sure, they have things (like energy drinks) that can temporarily override any impulse to sleep (as well as clear out anything you were saving for later in your bowels, in my case of an almost 3-liter pot of coffee). but there's nothing i know of that can make you not only not need to sleep for a time, but not have the effects later of missing all that sleep, not to mention side effects of destroying any balance of hormones in your brain.
wait...don't we have a few chemists in here? i think the liquid sleep would be feasible...after a few years of r&d...can we make it a branch off of the hse?
concentrated sleep, lz? do you not watch dr. who? do you not know what that leads to?!
wait... nothing to do in lab today means it's 2:30 on a tuesday and i'm already free?! ... what do i do with all this time?!?!
i had actually only intended to go to support the ek team, i have no real interest in gaming myself.
if it wasn't so expensive for me right now, i probably would go. unfortunately, i need to save as much money as possible, since you never know when something will happen.
@pot: if i didn't have two trips to save up for, i'd go. i love games and the people who come back from them always bring interesting stuff.
oh btw...  i've been in touch with the ek staff member who is putting together the gen con stuff (and staff) he says he has everything and everyone he needs for the weekend and that there is no need for any of us to go, unless we want to go for the sake of the con.  so make your plans accordingly, there is no good reason to go to indy unless you want to attend a really big gaming convention.
i've been saying for years that someone needs to produce liquid sleep. it would have to be something that destroys melatonin somehow...
only in russia... http://www.msn.com/en-ca/weather/topstories/trouble-with-ice-jams-call-in-an-air-strike/ar-bbry9hs…
wow, you guys have a knack for picking the worst times (for me) to be the most chatty! i can never be here, and then i can never check back in and catch up!
morning pot!
g' mornin' ya'll.
why does spell-check insist on changing guarana to guarani? ~~~
the best guarani comes from brazil.  i actually prefer it ti caffeine, but it affects each person differently.
so no cocaine then? (kidding!)
@cb, yeah, those sound like the regular suspects for sure.  i'm pretty sure its the guarana that i dislike the most.  i can drink caffine and b-vitamins till the cows come home and not get that jagged edge feel.  i'm actually drinking a coffee and a vitamin water right now... ;) not working, but hey, couldn't hurt. ;)
... guarana ...
most of the "energy" usually comes from caffeine and guarani, but if it has taurine, inositol, and b-vitamins, they also contribute to the witches brew.
@cb, ;) yeah, i just don't like whatever they add to it to give "energy", it normally just makes me feel on edge.  if i wanted to feel all sketched out, i'd just take the real energy pills... ;) (not really though, i'm niether young enough, nor dumb enough for that stuff anymore)
@bakhan, i don't drink jittery, over-sugared energy drinks.  i drink jittery zero calorie energy drinks.  i figure that's about the worst my diabetic body can stand.  :-o
@geist, i think that'll be called narcosis... ;)
i want someone to invent liquid sleep maybe we can come up with something when we meet in october. we'll be rich!
@bakhan: only if malibu uses coconut water instead of fake coconut tasting sweeteners.
@geist, isn't that just like malibu?
i want someone to invent liquid sleep.  something you could drink that would make you feel like you got a full nights sleep.  i don't want jittery over sugared "energy" drinks.  i just want to feel like i actually slept.  so tired right now.
i have a recipe to make my own bailey's. i'm going to try it next month. hopefully it will be really tasty. btw, i tried this and it's tasty. a little on the sweet side but great if you want to mix it with other fruit. http://www.rumhaven.com/
i should almost keep a small bottle of baileys' at work for my morning coffee some days.
i hate it that they put the beta test players in a separate pool from the regular app.  since they did that, i have not been able to start up a random pickup game in a finite amount of time.  nothing but crickets.  they really need to come up with a better way to get a game going without having to create a code.
check run day always sucks. i am so glad when it's over and i haven't f'd anything up. morning gm.
morning kittens.
also, though i can't blame myself for staying up till 2 am doing work, nothing better than waking up and realizing you straight up slept through your first class.
hey, it's 51, here! headed up to a whopping 67! ooh, boy! then again, just like the last two months, it's cold at the beginning of the week, but going to get up almost to 80 by the end. every single week has been nearly the same for 2 months!!!
@geist, sorry to hear that its that dreaded check run day again... the weather here is going to be awesome, its 54f right now, but headed up to 81f! pretty spectacular for this time of year.  normally the high would be in the 50's, so at least theres that!  i just started a juice fast today, comicon is at the end of the month here, and my wife wants to be in tip top shape.
ah check run day. the time of the week where i wish i put my money where my mouth is and bring a flask to work. morning bakhan. how is the weather up there?
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. it feels so good to sleep with the window open now. so peaceful.
2 am and finished 5 more labs. ah, the fun we have.
i will probably some this weekend, and my brother will come out to play with me over coffee thursday, hopefully.
i've played it a few times
i haven't yet. everyone was busy last weekend but me. hopefully this weekend. this entire week is hopeful, i guess, judging by my comments. if i'm really lucky... i might not even have a single class thursday!!! in fact, that might be the day our lab section is going bowling! it's a tradition of that ta's. that alone should tell you what kind of guy he is. he's everyone's favorite lab ta ever.
has anyone else  had a chance to play their expansion pack?
hi geist.  we're getting close.  trim carpenters finished today, carpet and maybe concrete tomorrow.
hopefully it works this time. whizzeee... (that's like a really tired, lazy whoopee.)
righty-ho, then.
i would
regarding the slack message just now about the beta, i sent something in to that doc weeks ago with no response. now they're opening it publicly; should i re-enter my info to the doc just to be safe?
dang it, they missed the most crucial plot point of all of the luthor sagas! superman will pay for ruining his perfect, beautiful hair! (the error was that during the coloration, i think it was, a person mistook him for one of his bald henchmen, and then they just rolled with it after that.)
in the movie, the prison forced him to shave his head.
wait, luthor started out with hair, as in the comics, but didn't blame his hair loss (actually due to a printing error) on superman, explaining why he was so angry at him all the time?! stick to the canon, people!
hello pot. how is the house coming along?
didn't i already sign up there? if that's the original sign-up doc, i already filled it out a couple weeks ago!
@lz: i am neutral when it comes to eisenberg's take on lex luther. and was his head shaving supposed forced or did it mean he was changing into a super villain? so much confusion in the movie
if you want to beta test the mobile app, you can sign up here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1fdlffamjsdcf1p--sta-ba-s1cqmxdqwdpfm09aibi0/viewform…
howdy, pot! i'm doing good so far, but now i have some work to do, so...
especially if you want a snack or have bad breath! ;)
hi everyone.  how are we doing tonight?
what the... a few weeks ago, i got 2.5 oreos in a 2 oreo package somehow! just now i got 1.5 lifesaver mints in a single wrapper! i must have accidentally upped my luck stat at some point without knowing! maybe got a specific "foraging" skill or something that increased my random chance of finding 150% of the food in a given package! i am definitely someone you want in your party now!
i forgot i found the perfect little quote/picture thing on facebook the other day: you do realize one day i'll snap, right? fits so well for how much stuff is being given to me weeks after it was submitted/taken effect.
as far as booze at work, you would definitely have to restrict it to happy drunks. they'd need to take a test or something to prove it and get a permit.
i haven't seen it yet, but everyone knows that the bvs luthor is really a terrible version of him. ` also, with that last comment about this, i really just wanted to use that cheech and chong sketch in an actual conversation! you never get that opportunity!
i agree that throwing in who's going to be in the justice league was rushed. i also noticed they threw around the word "meta-human," but didn't explain it at all. overall, i think the biggest cockroach in the ice cream was eisenberg's portrayal of lex luthor.
if we were allowed to drink freely here at my work, there would be around 5 or 6 fist fights the first day!  there are some personality types that don't work well together adding booze wouldn't improve that at all!
maybe they should just allow straight alcohol ivs! don't even bother with the drinking aspect, just push the button and let the stress slide away. well, wobble away in a drunken stupor, but it still gets away eventually.
alcohol should be mandatory at work!  have i mentioned one of my bright ideas was to work as some quality control at a brewing company some day? i mean, good job, cool work, and- and- you get paid a bit in free beer! how cool is that? every day you get some beer fresh off the lines! virtually every company does that for all of its workers. they also nearly all allow some drinking at least during the lunch break.
and kickstarter just ate my comment.
i'm  in the boat of allowing alcohol at work. like right now. a 2l bottle...please!
bvs was ok in places but i swear it felt so rushed in terms of introducing the upcoming justice league.
why is alcohol not allowed at work?! i've asked myself that question for years. that should be a part of the benefits package
so basically, lz, it looks like shit, feels like shit, smells like shit, and tastes like shit, but it's not quite shit overall?  cheech and chong beg to differ!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lz, that was awesome! i love it! and i'm stealing it! its kinda the opposite of good from far, but far from good... ;)
i guess it's kind of like a hairball. when you see that it's there, you think it's a turd. then you take a look and realize it's not as bad as you thought, and end up being glad it is what it is instead of what you thought it was.
batman v superman wasn't as bad as i expected. i give it an overall positive review. just be aware that it is slow and very heavy in places. there is frequently palpable hatred bleeding from the screen and out the speakers.
blarg! i just had to issue a written warning. why is alcohol not allowed at work?!
looks like my wife and i picked the right movie to see last weekend.  i just couldn't get my mind around batman vs superman and it looks like it's as lame as i thought it would be.
i know about that one, cb, it's my favorite sentence. that's why i worked it into that collection of statements. though i know there's a version of what i said that makes sense and i can't remember it.
actually, "this statement is a lie." is a paradox.  if it's really a lie, then it's true.  however, it if's true, then it's a lie, implying that a lie itself is true.
curse you bakhan. i had to go look up the answer since it wouldn't leave me alone.
i know that one, bakhan, that's easy, especially with how much i go through logic puzzles on the internet and with a friend in computer science who loves them. (they explain computer logic and algorithms really well alot of the time with the procedural processes to answer them) ` mine is more difficult, and i think i've heard a variation of one of those before. i think in this form, they both just form paradoxes, which, knowing me, is what my brain actually intended and i really love doing! but, i want to find a way to make them into really difficult logic puzzles, and i can tell they have a good foundation for that. i'm just too tired and lazy today to try to figure it out.
wait, yet again, monday starts the week off cold, even rainy this time, but then it'll warm back up before the weekend! what the heck, nature?! get some variation! you've done the same thing for like 2 months now, and the only difference is it's gotten warmer on average now by like 10 degrees in the beginning of the week. not even the end of the week, just the beginning!
@zem, http://puzzling.stackexchange.com/questions/2188/two-doors-with-two-guards-one-lies-one-tells-the-truth
1) statement 2 is false. 2) statement 3 is true. 3) this statement is a lie. ` or alternately,  1) statement 2 is true. 2) statement 3 is false. 3) this statement is a lie. ` is there any way these work out? ;)  i was just watching a game of 2 truths one lie, and that just sprung to mind. i wonder if i can polish it so that they work in some case, but it takes way too much thought to understand.
@geist, sammy hagar? maybe, i was thinking there must be a tribute band out there with a good singer that they could use.  someone who really wants it, you know?
@bakhan: axel wouldn't look good in a school boy uniform anyway but i guess they needed someone to fill in. maybe they should have picked eddie hagar?
bakhan, i'd say it's more like 0% in the setup and 150% the destruction! i only make snowmen to blow them up or cut them to pieces! as a kid, i made dozens of tiny ones and would have alot of fun thinking of ways to destroy them. wait... does that say something about me?
@geist, well mostly because of the douche nozzle aspect, and i don't think that axel fits with the image of ac/dc very well.  i see them as straight forward, bad ass music, as opposed to douchey/whiney.  who knows? also, paying for snowman molds is just weird, isn't the making them at least 90% of the fun of them, the other 10% of course is their destruction... ;)  i'm pretty ocd and even i wouldn't want a "perfect" snowman...
actually gm, i was thinking that it would help make the kind of snowmen found in a calvin and hobbes comic. just carve out the mouth, add a knife or two, some red dye and instant laughs. as for the shipping, aw hell no. i'll wait until there is a knock off or they try to sell through amazon in which case it would be cheaper.
@geist: it's $37 to ship in canada, i just clicked on one of the pledge levels. that is really pricy. not to mention, you're talking over $100 retail for plastic half-globes? that's ridiculous. i highly doubt it will sell very well(taken from the pledge level for others here to see "save $80.95 off expected retail ($139.95)")
that kind of takes the fun out of snowman making. personally, i think they shouldn't be perfectly round like that.
@bakhan: besides axle being a douche nozzle in rl, why is that a bad thing?
@gm: this is the campaign. i really want this but don't know if i wanna pay so much for shipping. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mrsnowmanmaker/mr-snowman-maker…
@geist: which campaign is that? also, with the jacket, i ended up ordering the lt, and it's right in the shoulder where it is way too tight, the length is good, but due to how tight it is in the shoulder/underarm area, i can't even do it up. and it's a blazer.
okay, so i think the apocalypse is coming for realz guys!  axel rose is going to be touring as lead singer for ac/dc! what? why!?! no!!!!
btw gm, i was reading some of the comments on the jacket campaign. seemed like hit or miss as far as how some people are feeling about what they got. some people erred on the side of getting a slightly larger size and find that their jacket fits perfect. maybe that is why there have been so many complaints. the european size charts are different then what it is in the west. as far as the shipping charge: i've been noticing more campaigns charging double for shipping. one campaign i'm keeping my eye claims to be based in canada but is charging $27 dollars to ship within canada. something about that doesn't sound right.
ah. then that's alright then. as long as you don't spend all 5 days never getting away from your desk.
@geist: i would love to, but since i'm running both the us and canadian payrolls this week, and have 2.5 days to do both, i unfortunately don't get that luxury. i do however, get to take a longer lunch on thur/fri due to it.
nah mate. you need to step away from your desk. trust me. i've worked plenty of working lunches and it usually isn't worth it. especially now that the weather is much nicer.
depending on how the day goes, i may have a working lunch. =/
@gm: minus lunch break?
actually...i think i have closer to 7.5 hours. >.<
@gm: completely agree. zootopia was so good and funny. check out the jungle book. very entertaining. and no, it's not time to go home yet. you've got another 6 1/2 hours.
i've heard mostly bad things about bvs. glad my friend and i decided to go see zootopia instead last time we went to the movies. it was a good movie.
@geist, i saw a preview a couple of weeks ago at the theatre and thought, i can wait for blu ray on that one.  i mean, its a superhero movie, so i'm sure i will like some aspects of it, but the premise is pretty weak in my opinion.
morning kittens. is it time to go home yet?
for my board art suggestions, please keep in mind i can't draw better than even a 3 year old with a muddy stick. poutin(e) is out of the question, sadly. ;)
re: bvs you described it perfectly. a few good fight scenes (toward the end of the movie) but not much going on in between. my thing is that unlike the marvel movies, this feels rushed. there is litterly a scene in the movie where the next 4 superheros get a cameo and it's like dc was saying "we don't have time to spend billions building each movie franchise so we are going to show you who will be in the justice league and leave it at that". as far as cryptonite is concerned: superman didn't know that there were any surviving rocks left. at least that is what it seems like in the movie. the more puzzling question is why superman would let us humans tear apart zod's ship knowing we would probably use it for evil.
@geist, not too bad, my wife went down to visit her family so i had the house to myself! ;) had some friends over on saturday, made some steaks, potatoes, ceaser salad and garlic bread (i love me some garlic!), and we watched the new star wars movie, one of my friends hadn't even seen it yet!  how was the jungle book?  growing up it was one of my favourites!  bvs, quite frankly looks dumb, i'm sure it has some great action scenes, but seriously batman would have his clock cleaned by superman in about 1/2 a second.  the other thing is, why for the love of pete, doesn't superman have some folks round up all the cryptonite, and then have it destroyed?  its his only weakness, duh!?
morning cb & bakhan. how was your weekend? i watched the jungle book, zootopia, batman vs superman and 10 cloverfield lane. only bvs was the weakest movie. (i didn't have to pay for it so i can't bitch too much)
good morning kittens! @zem, you should draw theodore roosevelt riding a moose, fighting poutin riding a bear! just putting that out there... ;)
morning kittens.
hey guys, what should i draw on my whiteboard on my door? i had a great idea, but i can't remember it now.
i guess it's just going to be me, my cheetos, and my youtube again today. well, the cheetos weren't a feature yesterday, but they sure as heck are now!
afternoon, i meant afternoon, of course; it's a weekend. also, dang! so close to declaring this morning a victory as well! ` also, creeper, it's mandatory to go to canada this october if you're able at all.
how is leo doing creeper? have you considered coming to the canada halloween party?
still doing my taxes.... debating chances of me getting audited if i claim a loss on my business again.  it's such a tiny tiny business, and the loss is a very narrow margin.
nope
so, this was a great azad/ns marathon, people! i'm taking a quick long nap, so we'll see if it's still all me all day in the morning.
http://9gag.com/gag/a2mj7gd
ooh, an official logo? fancy!
brunch wad cancelled. went to the movies. 4 movies back to back. not a stinker in the bunch.
also, redd's blueberry ale is delish.
i commissioned a logo today.
but now you interrupted the marathon, so you win. ` ` ` ... this time.
again? i thought even you were around the last time we had to explain it. all zem all day show. i noticed once that most weekends i'll be the only person here for over 24 hours in a row, so i declared it the all zem all nite show marathon. now every time i'm alone for this long, i invoke the unholy name of azans or azads.
i might be regretting this........... zem,  what is azads?
... dare i invoke the evil power of azads?
nobody? need somebody to talk toooo... (you remember that queen hit, right?)
no, ... well, maybe you are a pain in the neck, but so is the bulging disc. i really don't envy you; you have our sympathy for that. or in some cases, really painful empathy.
i just need to get this whole bulging disc/ pinched nerves thing fixed. 4th week of physical therapy  they said it could be 6 to 12 weeks total. i can't wait. i literally am a pain in the neck.
no trinkets at kittencon?! noooooooooo! ` 2 naps. hopefully now i feel more caught up with sleep. why do i feel so tired?!
@geist: pretty much, since i can't wear it and be able to do anything other than stand with my hands hanging down by my sides. =/
mmmm...hamburgers. good to know you are still alive and kicking.
@gm: do you consider the jacket a waste of money?
i'm glad to hear it, trinkets!
hey geist. with me taking 2 months off for my neck/back issue, i doubt i will be able to take anytime to travel. :-( @lz,  made burgers tonight.  mixed sauce and mayo for a spread. and marinated burger in it. really, really good.  really good.
@creeper: if you look in on here tonight, or sometime before this comment is buried, here's my review of the blazer that i picked up at the post office today(just copy and pasted this from the baubax campaign): so, the pick up slip from canada post was for my blazer. decent material, would have been nice to know before the end of the campaign, and before getting it, that all of them are slim fit. i can manage slightly more than a shrug when i am wearing it...with nothing in the pockets. it is way too tight across the shoulders. no way in hell am i paying for two way postage for this to be exchanged, especially after having to pay import duties(very first ks that i've backed where i had to, and i've ordered items from eu and japan!!!!)
wow, after how the comments were flying before i left, i was expecting to come back to a deluge!  now, though, i think i may need yet another nap. i still feel like i've only slept 4 hours in 3 days.
yeah! finally got my expansion test deck! can't wait to try it out!
then again, i was mainly focused on flavor.
i refuse to believe that tabasco is hotter than sriracha, though. original inferno is probably on par with tapatío, maybe a touch hotter.
i think i was off by an order of magnitude. the mad cow is about as hot as sriracha. original inferno is a bit less.
trinkets! how the hell are you? please say you are coming to the kitten con in october
okay...it wasn't as bad as it could have been. got it finished, now waiting for it to finish processing so i can do the reports(or maybe leave and deal with it on monday....)
i was checking my cabinets for waffle ingredients.
fried chicken? funny, i just watched a good mythical morning of the chicken nugget taste test, now all this talk about chicken! ` cb, yeah, i doubt they're that hot of sauces. maybe instead of 750k scoville, 750? i mean, they do have a good kick to them, but it's nothing like straight sriracha or tobasco.
last minute off cycle to pay someone who is constantly calling...i may not be back here until monday(that's how much of a pain it is on a friday, at this time)
... where'd everybody go?...
if you're going to make a dipping sauce, you might as well mix in a dash of maple syrup too.
lol.  *crisco
mmmmmmmmmmm cisco
one thing they do know how to cook in charlotte is fried chicken.
has anyone mixes it with sour cream or mayo for a sandwich spread or dipping sauce?
@trinkets, that sounds a lot better than getting wings at a bar where they chop right through the bone, leaving jagged edges.  gotta use crisco to cook the chicken though.
you can keep them on seperate plates, just enjoy them at the same time.
yeah, zem's scoville numbers are pretty accurate for the known peppers.  does that mean i need to adjust my expectations down for lz's sauces?
it won't work with kfc and some eggos. home made fried chicked. slathered in hot sauce. and homemade waffles too  from scratch. not a box mix.  it's heaven on a plate.
well, if i get desperate to play the beta version, i'll just have to start a game and post the code here, then.
none of them actually seemed that hot, especially when mixed with food, though. the magma might, but still, they were just normal fairly hot sauces, but with way more flavor! ` lz, "according to the acs video, sriracha comes in at 1,000-2,500 shu. in comparison, tabasco sauce is 2,500-5,000 shu, while a habanero pepper is 350,000 shu."
friend of mine has that. we've played a half dozen games. we each read the rules and between us, we got it. you may want to see if there's a how to video on bgg or on youtube.
i never did "get" chicken and waffles.  seems confusing to put maple syrup on chicken.  interestingly enough, i had a mcgriddle for breakfast today even though i generally steer clear of it because of the maple-flavored pancakes.  i had a winning monopoly piece though, so i got it and it actually tasted quite good.  i actually love pancakes or waffles slathered in maple syrup, but i like to keep the savory items, like sausage, eggs, (and chicken) separate when i eat.
it's not. you have to pick one or the other for each device.
i wish they hadn't separated the beta testers for ek from the rest.  ever since then, i haven't been able to find a random match-up game. i actually have both versions of the game, but when i load the testflight version, it overwrites the standard version.  does anyone know if it's possible to have both versions on the same phone at the same time?
i tried playing steampunk rally last weekend with my wife and a friend of ours, but after spending over an hour wading through the super-complex rules, we had to give up.  i guess that's why i was looking for a game that's easier to pick up, but has good replay value. i'm having a terrible time trying to find other gamers in charlotte.
oh, it's great with chicken and waffles!
now i have to make chicken and waffles this weekend.
@gm, i originally passed on it, but it's got a great following in the comments and the illustrations on the cards are all kid-friendly. @bakhan, yeah, it's santorini.  i didn't want to be too obvious in my first post about it.
i wonder how you would know ;-) dude. fantasticalness.
i knew you'd be in here today! 75k might be an over-estimate. how hot is sriracha?
omg!! first, howdy gang. still here. how's thangs? second,  lz!!!!!!  how frickin' awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nevermind, think i found it. i had looked at it(if it is santorini), but decided against.
@cb: what game? o.o
@bakhan, looks like there is a game ks in your neck of the woods.  the campaign says it's from calgary.  do you know anyone associated with it?  looks like a pretty good game for kids and adults alike.
will be interesting to see what bakhan cooks up with lz's sauces.
oh, i definitely intend to get some magma, too!  in fact, i'll probably get them all.  i agree, the mad cow sounds like a good bbq flavor to me.  at 75 - 100k scovilles, i'll have to use it sparingly though.  maybe as a finishing sauce to "heat up" standard bbq.  the magma might be a good "challenge" sauce.  when i use that, i'll need to drink plenty of fluids to help mitigate the day-after "ring of fire."
you can thank bakhan for that name.
the fish sauce is called sweet citrus sin.
yes, original magma tastes the same as original inferno, but it uses three times the amount of habañeros.
cb, inferno is an all-purpose sauce. mad cow is a barbecue sauce. there's a fish-sauce that i forget the name of, and now apparently magma. magma. liquid hot mag-ma! anyone else always hear that word said by dr. evil from austin powers?
geist, banana flavored candies are gros... michel. the gros michel banana was the main type eaten until the 50s, and it was really sweet and tasted just like those banana runtz. but then, since they're all genetically clones because then they could be mass produced, a virus appeared and instantly burned through nearly all of the gros michel bananas in the world (at least the cloned variety) since there was no genetic variance to impede the virus. they had to switch to the banana we have today. so you can't say those candies don't taste like bananas at all. i would much rather have those bananas; today's banananas are really bland and don't always taste good.
success! good, long, happy nap and i feel good. not great, though that might come when the sleep wears off. also, leg still hurts weird, but not so bad anymore. ` lz, the only problem with gatorade is the sugar. way the hell too much sugar to be a regular, healthy thing. it's great sometimes, but dang. there are other drinks the same with much less sugar, though. ` original magma?! there's a new flavor to try?! is it just like inferno, but hotter? because inferno was my favorite of them all, even if the fish sauce was originally my idea...#humblebrag *rubs hand on chest and looks definitely not humble* ;) well, geist had a large part in the imagining of it as well.
i might do some. i haven't quite decided, or figured out how that would work. where's trinkets?
i'm starting to gravitate to mad cow.  now it's going to be even harder to wait for your ks.  are there going to be any early bird deals?
the originals are savory. mad cow is sweet, savory, and smokey. sweet citrus sin (probably 1k scovilles) is sweet and a little garlicky.
nobody should ever put pineapple on pizza. there should be a law against that travesty.
... except on pizza.  nobody should ever put pineapple on pizza.
pineapple is delishious! pineapple flavored candy, not so much. just like banana flavored candy is gross. fresh bananas are great.
i've never been able to tolerate the taste, just like with pineapple. i've never had pineapple that tasted good(even when on vacation in the tropics).
i don't eat...avocados i didn't start to eat those until my mid 30's. now i can't get enough of them. a half of one goes into my green smoothie every morning.
@geist: he's my younger, weaker, cousin. and quite foolish to let that midget get away with the precious stone.
@bakhan or lz, can you describe the flavors?  are they sweet, savory, garlicky, etc?
it will be me treating her like a queen and defending her with the ferocity of a dragon who's had their gold pilfered. smaug, is that you?
can't wait to try them myself.  for those of you who don't know, scovilles are the amount a sauce would need to be diluted before an average person would not be able to detect any heat.  so, if a sauce is rated at 100,000 scovilles, you would have to have 100,000 parts of water to 1 part sauce.
@cb, i agree, its got to have flavour, i can handle the heat, but it must taste good!  fortunately, lz's sauces taste great!  i didn't find them too spicy at all, but the flavor was there for sure.  out of the ones that i tried, the mad cow was my favorite!
i don't know the scovilles exactly. it sounds like you'd be most interested in original magama and possibly mad cow. i think mad cow is around 75k-100k. i think original inferno is 50k-75k. original magma is over 100k.
my preferred heat is between 100k and 1 million scovilles, by the way.  i like it hot, but with flavor.
@lz. i can't wait for your ks.  last night i had a burrito that was so bland it sent me to the cupboard looking for anything that would add some flavor.  i found a forgotten bottle of "everything sauce" that i got from another ks over a year ago. that definitely saved the day, but i'm looking forward to seeing what you have to offer.  do you happen to know the scoville rating of your sauce?
all this talk about fatigue and leg cramps ... have you all been spying on me lately?
i did know that, and it's easier to absorb than it is from bananas. gatorade is also a good source of potassium. that's kinda gatorade's whole thing. it replenished electrolytes for athletes who are exerting themselves. it's not meant to be an everyday drink for the average joe, even though a lot of people use it like that. people have actually gotten hyperkalemia from drinking gatorade too much.
oh, and real quick while it's on my mind and on conversation; gm, that thing about feeling like less of a man if your wife is more of a provider isn't an outdated sentiment; it's instinctual. it's not something that'll go away with the times, it's something hardwired into every man's brain. feeling like you're not the main provider, even if you tell yourself you're better than that, will make you feel like you're not doing your job. it's not something you can help, though it is kind of silly with today's culture. good news is, if you go chop some wood or something, that's actually been shown to drastically and immediately increase your testosterone, so it should curb those feelings pretty hard.
i haven't eaten a banana in probably 5+ years. i don't eat spinach(find it disgusting), same with avocados and yogurt. >.>
oh,, but the thing is, this wasn't a normal foot cramp, it was some muscle i didn't even know existed, virtually above the calf but below the knee. it's weird as hell, and really necessary for walking. hopefully its weakness is sleep.
that's certainly true, lz, and my grandpa (too smart in too many subjects, especially when it comes to health) made sure we know that. i mean, i haven't had a ton of bananas recently, but i do have them. did you know a few things, like avacados, spinach, and yogurt, have more potassium than bananas? so if you're cramping, just have some extra guac on the side! ... k.
regular salt might help some, but you need potassium more than sodium when muscles are cramping up.
and with that, i'm going to catch up on a weeks' worth of sleep. good night... or 11 am, same thing.
trust me, bakhan, i get plenty of salt! it might be way the hell too much sugar last night followed by not very much sleep and way less water than i usually drink, though. those would all definitely contribute. so really, i look like igor because i'm stupid and had a really fun movie night. ` so finally, my dad brought my cards into town. only problem: they're on the other side of town with my grandma who's with my grandpa in the hospital. so i just have to mosey my way all the way across town, but i can defuse two kittens with one laser pointer; see my grandpa and get the cards at once.
haha! you should have seen me when i got up and walked to the bathroom after finishing that last comment! i looked like a very drunk igor because my leg suddenly decided that, because i was sitting down for awhile, it really didn't feel like getting up. or supporting its weight. or, you know what? it's going on strike! you'll be hearing from its union this afternoon!
@zem, alternate hot and cold compressions, it will help loosen it up.  also drink a gatoraide or something with electrolytes in it.  lack of sleep screws up your system, electrolytes will help!  even just put a little bit of salt in some water and drink it.
@geist: it will be me treating her like a queen and defending her with the ferocity of a dragon who's had their gold pilfered. @zem: key word, "used" to be. people need to get with the times, and realize that it doesn't matter what side a zipper is on, as long as it works.
(that last comment was in regards to wives making more than their husbands; i'm all for the free money!)
honestly, i don't have high hopes for my career. i think my best option is to marry rich and retire young. that's better for everyone involved; i don't have to work and other people don't have to work with me. i mean, i'd be a great person to work with, but i most likely won't have any clue what i'm doing. ever.
gm, you do realize jackets used to be made that way? it was a real thing. i very highly doubt it is anymore, but all myths have some seed of truth. ... (little timmy really did die from pop rocks and coke! the illuminerti is covering the truth up! open your eyes!)
just means we will be able to save and go on more vacations than before. exactly! you'll both be able to weather hardships better. and if you do like bakhan and treat her like a queen, i'm sure she will be a very happy woman indeed. there are plenty of men who make more but don't treat their significant others with love and respect.
on top of that, my leg out of magical nowhere cramped at the higher calf for no reason at all really painfully when i woke up! i still have trouble walking on it! i just can't extend my leg at all without extreme pain, and even walking hurts. therefore, i declare right now nap time!!! because holy hell do i need several more hours of sleep. mentally, this is a great morning. physically, though, especially between my eyes not staying open and feeling like i've had 2 hours of sleep in 3 days and my leg not allowing me to walk, i'm even skipping a class that'll start up a new subject. thankfully i'm good on this subject already and we're even doing it in physics right now, but still.
some lady tried to name her daughter cyanide. as a first name? heck no. as a middle name, sure.
@lz, i'm excited for you!  did you see my comment about a special sauce?
it's gotta be that day specifically because a guy i work with wants 200 bottles in time for his october wedding, and the whole process will take at least 4 months.
friends of mine named their boy damien, i was like, ummm omen much?  they're just asking for it, in my opinion... ;)
...people really do try and name their kids weird things. apparently, some lady tried to name her daughter cyanide.
i'm the same way. if i didn't work, i would go insane. hell, when i get a long weekend with no plans(or any time off that is more than 3 days), i tend to get bored and start going crazy. usually because most of the people i know are still working, or doing stuff with their family.
@geist, i don't think its limited to american men.  its a sterotype thing.  men are supposed to be providers.  when they don't feel like the provider then they have to redifine their roll.  change is hard for most people.  the reality now a days is that, the provider roll has adapted, now we aren't the sole or main money earners we play more of a support roll.  its just as important, in my opinion.  my wife has offered for me to not work, and just stay home, but i think i would go crazy!  i need something productive to do, that gives me a sense of accomplishment.  that, and i like to help people, well some people... ;)  i don't define my manlyness by how much i earn, more by the measure of my character, and the happiness of my wife.  besides, she lets me be chivalrous, so i still get to be her knight, and thats good enough for me! ;)
@geist: i've never understood it either. honestly, if(when i do get married) my wife ends up making more for me, good on her. just means we will be able to save and go on more vacations than before. another thing i've noticed with american men, they seem to think that if a jacket has the sliding zipper part on the left, it's a woman's jacket. when, in reality, they are dumbasses who need a smack upside the head with a chair.
@bakhan: i never understood why many american men have a problem if their wives/girlfriends make more than they do. they claim it makes them feel less than a man. i say, unless she is rubbing your nose in it, be happy if your wife makes a good income. the combined salaries of you both will help out when something happens like a recession or one of you gets hurt and can't work.
i have fairly good job security too, since i'm the one who processes the payroll, and my manager just makes sure things are done right. that, and i am the only one who really knows our us payroll, and can run it in 2 days if need be, but if it's the smaller of the two i can run it in one day if needed.
@gm, yeah, all the perks pretty much vanished this year for sure.  we've had to take 6 days off without pay so far this year, i haven't been sent on any training or customer appreciation trips, basically they're trimming the fat.  i have pretty good job security, i've got 16 years senority now, so i won't be the first to go.  even if things get worse and i lose my job, i could have a new one in the same day, guys that do what i do are in demand, theres so few of us in calgary. at least theres that!
yeah, i know what you mean. i've been here for 1.5 years, and i get 3 weeks of vacation. we used to be able to, not sure if we still can, carry forward up to 5 days of vacation from the previous year, with the stipulation it needs to be used in the first quarter of the following year. i think they scrapped that when we started having all the cuts and things. they used to reimburse us for our monthly bus pass, but that was the first item to be cut last year. which is fine, i get some of it back through taxes.
@gm, yeah time in lieu can be pretty sweet, my company doens't offer that anymore.  we also used to be able to bank our holiday days, can't do that anymore either.  i've been here long enough now that i get 4 weeks holiday, and they give you your birthday off as well.  most years, the 4 weeks is more than enough.  if i was to go to europe i would need more time, and they'll give it, but you don't get paid for the extra.  all in all, my work isn't too bad, its just work.  i shouldn't complain.  i just really don't want to be here all friggen day is all.
morning kittens! @bakhan: you get paid for the overtime, i get to take time off in lieu. some days i wish they would pay me for it, but the other times, i like my lieu time since i can take more vacation days.
i got 5 hours of sleep after watching all those movies, now for some reason my body is acting like it was 2! i can't even keep my eyes open, literally; it takes so much effort just to open them even if i think there's a typo. in fact, i think i just had one, not checking it. wow, the heck, body?! we've had less sleep before.
@geist, well i'm on salary, but they are good at paying us for the extra time.  i only get regular hourly pay, not time and a half, but it is what it is.  sometimes i think the main reason i work is to feed my ks addiction... ;)  my wife was on call last night and in less than three hours, made more than i will make all month! we can sure use it though, its been an expensive year!
@bakahn: i hope they are paying you overtime at least.
morning kittens! @zem, for steve martin, you gotta go with dirty, rotten, scoundrels!  that was so damn funny! ;) @geist, i wish! we have inventory this weekend... x( if all goes well, we'll be done around 9pm tonight.  if not, it could take all weekend! i'm so tired already!!!
morning kittens and happy friday. may the work day fly by for you so that you can enjoy the weekend.
never seen bowfinger before, but that movie was awesome! next on the list of 80s movies starring at least one of eddie murphey, steve martin, or chevy chase: coming to america! then we'll try to fit trading places and the fletch movies in this weekend! we got to talking about one a coupe days ago and the rest just came up, and now that's this whole weekend!
@lz, could i request a special sauce? if so, i would like a maple bourbon bacon hot sauce! you could call it blazin bacon!
why the deadline specifically? some deal going to end by may? i mean, i'm not complaining if it gets your butt in gear to dispense hot sauce (that sounds really weird thinking back on it). ` still waiting on my family to drive my crate out here so i can see it. i live 20 miles away and there's someone coming to lincoln nearly every day!  also, still haven't gotten any information on the beta testing app. i may have to just wait until they release it officially for android before i can play with you guys.
does that mean we can get it hand delivered? >.>
ooh, two guys on campus started a business: from 8:30 pm to 2:30 am thursday nights, you can order a pint of ice cream to be delivered to your door on campus! $4, but still... it's hard to argue with ice cream delivered to your door at midnight or later on a thursday night after 4 freaking hours of o-chem exam! (1 hour reviewing before the exam and 3 hours sitting there pretending i knew what was going on). ice cream and a movie sounds perfect right now.
so it looks like i need to get my kickstarter going by may 1.
some have, a few weeks ago. with multiple jackets in theirs.
ooooooh!  wow!  are other people in your area receiving theirs?
@creeper: my blazer might be in town....i have a "delivery failed" notice here, which is weird because my dad is home all day, every day, due to renovations. it might be the blazer, or it might be something else(no clue what it could be)
yeah, i was waiting for today's mail.  i really hate my post office.  they've been sucking so much lately.  sent b an email.
oh, you should have it by now.
ok.  so it's not my imagination.  i haven't been able to play in awhile, and when j can, i can never find people!  :( also still waiting on #thecrate
yes, but it's become more difficult after they moved the beta testers to a newer version than the release version.
hey lz- i can never seem to find a random stranger to play with online with the ek app.  have you?
i don't think print will ever truly go away. there will always be those who prefer paper; and reference books simply do not work as well in an electronic format, especially if you need to juxtapose things in two or more different books.
there are some books i want(would need to find the authors name again...i emailed it to myself a while ago), but they are only on kindle right now. they are in talks with a publisher, so i may end up getting it eventually.
in fairness, i've never given the e-readers much of a chance.  maybe when i'm forced to (books too expensive/hard to find) then i will make more of an effort. ;)
i prefer my kindle to paper if i have a choice, but if it's a good book, it doesn't matter.
but, with me playing too many video games also, that's part of the reason i backed some of the projects that i did back. to get people together and play/paint.
i will definitely be the first to admit i tend to play too many video games. but, at the same time, i don't play them alone. i play with friends who i met through playing games, and we chat pretty much like we do here. about almost everything. including the lack of significant others in the one circle(both of us guys are single, and the only girl is dating someone).
woo... exams... woohoo.
yep, paper beats electronic everytime.  it makes me sad to think that print will be gone in my lifetime.  books saved my life when i was a kid, they kept me out of extra trouble (i was pretty much always in trouble as a kid) and they gave me a place to escape to when real life wasn't tollerable (crazy parents... you know).  i hope that kids still have something in the future, cause quite frankly video games and the internet, don't even come close to a good book!
@gm, just saw that update now!  yep the ghost looks awesome!  the other renders look good, but they seem to be using that hag face a bit much, they are all starting to look too similar, in my opinion.  a little paint can change that up, no problem.  i may convert one of the extras i have to look like the hag from snow white, whatever it takes to get the wife into it!  i actually painted some of the zombies from z:bp to look like disney princess, it worked, and she loves the game!
my dad has a kindle, i tried using it once, and gave it back to him within 5min. i just couldn't do it. something about the weight of a book, and having to flip the pages. that, and never running out of battery power while reading.
i thought the same. that is, until i saw a kindle screen. it really does look like paper. i can't read books on a computer screen or smartphone screen very well, though. it's gotta be paper or e-paper for me. that being said, i respect and understand the opinions of those who require real paper.
@bakhan: did you see the update yet for folklore? the ghost miniatures look pretty awesome, especially in the darker lighting.
i don't like reading unless i have the paper in my hand. it just feels weird personally.
that's why i got a kindle.
...all this book talk is going to explode my library...and i have so little space for more books right now. >.<
it sounds like i need to read the book, though.
the ending was the only problem i had with horns (the movie). i didn't know there was a book.
i agree about the elenium and tamuli. i made the mistake of starting the elenium right after finishing the mallorion, though. if you need to read them all, i would recommend reading something else between them. i was also annoyed at the fact that the elenium follows the same basic plot line as the belgariad, what with them questing to find the blue gem of great power.
gm, my roommate and i are like that with popcorn. if one of us makes it, the other for damn sure will have some popcorn in the next 5 minutes. also with canes; on weekends, we'll feel peckish, so we'll make a post-midnight run to the raising canes downtown and get a heck of alot of food just because we're enablers for eachother.
@bakhan: don't go by the movie. the book was much better, believe me. i read the book first and was looking forward to the movie adaptation but was very disappointed with all they left out and the ending in the movie was different from the book.
she wanted a snack, i wanted away from my computer. walked to wendys', came back with 3 chicken strips, medium fries, medium frosty. she got nuggets and fries.
i may be too afraid to ask...
the pregnant lady in the office is a bad influence!
hmmm seems that it was... hopefully as is typical with book to movie translations, the book is better.  either way though, you had me at king's son....  too bad he didn't choose a name de plume with prince in it... would have been pretty funny!
@geist, did they make that movie with harry potter in it called horns based on that book? (cause the movie was total rubish...)
@bakhan: you should check him out. horns was wicked good and nos4a2 is his latest novel.
i don't know much about what you guys are talking about, but my personal recommendations consist of three trilogies:  1) lord of the rings. also included in this package: silmarillion and the hobbit. optional: the rest of the histories of middle earth and tolkien's translation of beowulf, the foundation of all modern revisions of the story and a major inspiration on his works. 2) the kingkiller chronicles. yes, the third book isn't out and probably never will come out, especially now with the story becoming a movie, tv series, and videogame all at once over the next few years, but even without the conclusion, those books are amazing! 3) the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy. i don't think i need go into detail on this one. ;)
@geist, i also love barker, he is so wickedly twisted, its awesome!  the great and secret show? sweet mercy!  i have not yet read anything by joe hill, sounds like i have to rectify that situation!
@lz, yep, polgara, belgarath, and the rivan codex.  the other series you are referring to is the elenium and tamuli, which are not as good overall as the belgariad or the molorean, but are still pretty good.  kinda like pizza, even bad pizza is still pretty good! ;)
well lab was nothing, so i just ran some tests and was done for the day, so that was nice.  only that horrible o-chem exam between me and my weekend. well, and 2 classes tomorrow morning, but they should be too easy.
i've read weave world several times. clive barker is one of my favorite authors. you should also check out joe hill. he wrote the book horns and heart shaped box. both very good novels but what would you expect from the son of stephen king?
when you say 13, are you talking about books that have to do with belgarath et al? cause eddings wrote another pair of series that go together that total 6 books. they're not as good as what he did in conjunction with leigh.
the weave world series by clive barker was also pretty awesome, dark fantasy anyone? muahahah!
the twighlight reign series by tom lloyd was really cool as well, magic came straight from the gods, and well, it was probably best avoided all together... ;)  really intersting developments, very entertaining!
steven erikson is an amazing author!  i love those stories, but they are deep, very deep.  i have to reread the series before starting a new one, because i forget too much inbetween!  eddings is also great, i read those books, and then reread them over and over!  maybe not the best written, but probably my favourite of all, i've read all 13 of those so many times! ;)
...i must be tired. i started typing about wheel of time, and ended up going into the chronological by events for sword of truth. >.>
the wheel of time series i'm slowly collecting those books. i've got the first four in the series. may i recommend reading the nightside series by simon r. green? they aren't big books (only about 250 pages) but they are really good. i'm hooked and now i'm trying to find all of them.
meanwhile i'll be ecstatic to finally buy the entire tolkien histories of middle earth collection someday. i mean in total there are something like 13 or 15 books, but especially the children of hurin and the adventures of tom bombadil are on the top of my to-read list.
the way the magic works in the malazan books, is that each "god" has their own realm(warrens) and the mages access the warren for whatever aspect their magic is based on(healing, illusion, attack - various forms of each, and there being high denul(highest possible in the healing aspect), as well as just denul). there are, if i remember correctly, something like 7 different gods, possibly more.
...meaning my book. eddings is not gygaxian at all.
one of the things i like about the eddings books is that he comes up with new and different rules for how sorcery and magic work, instead of adhering strictly to tolkienesque/gygaxian ideology. that's something i have attempted to do in my book; although it is still somewhat gygaxian...
i know i have one of the forgotten realms books, but i can't remember which one it was(i think it was the barbarian, after going crazy, but can't remember which one it was)
i'm still working on getting everything drizzt. i have 13 or 14 of the books, but there are at least 10 more.
nice. you should also read the belgariad and the malloreon by david eddings. each is 5 books. together, they form a 10 book series.
oh, and the malazan books, they are broken up into 3 books inside of each volume. so technically, 30 books right there. just in 10 books.
@lz: i looked at it, thought about getting it, realized i need more shelves. currently, i have: the wheel of time series - 14 books(own all, read at least twice each) the sword of truth series - 17 books(own 15, waiting for the last two to be paperback) the malazan book of the fallen - 10 books(own 5 or 6, currently reading this series) then my dad and sister, between them both, own all the shanara books. i have yet to read these. i have other trilogies, and books that i read every now and then, but the above are the ones i primarily read.
lz and bakhan, the joke is that it being 5 books, it's the longest trilogy ever written. it was so long, he had to fit it into two extra books! that's just the humor that was douglas couldn't help but spew over everything he did. but of course it's not really long; i've read it in under a week on a road trip before, and likely will yet again over the summer. or maybe brush up on the silmarillion finally. ` i love lotr, but the books, especially at the end of 5 and beginning of 6, can be really dry. i know people who got bored in the first book, but that one was actually really interesting! the silmarillion, though... that tops any of the books about the third age! even if it is about that too. just think, though; if he'd published all 6 books in the one collection as he wanted or all entirely separate instead of in pairs, they wouldn't be a trilogy! maybe it would have made gigantic collections or hexologies more popular.
geist, gm inspired your costume? are you going as his girlfriend or something? or does that mean you won't be coming, then?! ;) just kidding, if anyone should talk about not having a girlfriend, i could give an expert seminar on never having had a glimpse of a chance!
regarding the length of some series: no joke! like have you seen the legacy of drizzt?
you know it's gonna be a long day when you're so tired you walk at a cow's plodding pace, but then realize class is already starting, so you hurry up there only to realize your watch stopped at 6:30 am, so it only looked like you were screwed and were actually 10 minutes early.
hitchhiker's guide, was brilliant, but as the books went on, for me at least, they lost the charm of the first one, they were still good, just not as.  lord of the rings was amazing, i loved it ever since i was a kid.  i don't see either of those series even being close to the longest "trilogy", how can a trilogy have more than three books! ;) there are many series that dwarf both of those put together!  it takes nothing away from either one though, they'll always hold a special place in my library!
the trouble with hhgttg is there's no tea.  ;-)
zem, i don't care if it is 5 books, it's still not even close to being the longest trilogy ever. the lord of the rings is far longer. hell, the fellowship of the ring is longer than the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy.
depends on the woman. :p
lol@bakhan
@gm, you should probably just try inviting her, unless things have changes since my dating days, women haven't liked being dragged around since the caveman days.... ;p
gm gave me a great idea. now i just have to work out the details. looking more and more like i'll have to have part of the outfit mailed ahead of time since i know i couldn't bring it on the plane with me.
there is really only one other person that i would invite, but he doesn't do parties. no matter how tame that they are. if(kind of a big if at the moment) i end up getting a girlfriend by then, i will probably drag her along.
@gm, you are more than welcome to invite anyone you like!  the more the merrier.  the only thing that i ask, is that if the people you bring get out of control, that you deal with them, not that i would ever see that happening! ;)
i'm hoping to convince phil to dress up similar. and possibly one other. but that is something that would be a bit more difficult, especially since i want it to be a surprise.
@gm, thats great!  if you need any help or advice, i know someone who is an expert... she may be my wife... ;)
morning kittens. i might have figured something out to be for halloween...just need to see how feasible it is to either get, or have made. definitely want something that is quality made, and not those cheap costumes that are mass produced.
morning kittens!
you know it's going to be a good day when you can't even remember why 10 minutes ago when you woke up you thought "you know it's going to be a good day when you wake up and [insert really terrible, annoying thing here likely exemplifying not much/good sleep here]."
@cb: dude, i was kidding. and if you look at my sentence, i wasn't guessing.  i was asking that you not go dressed as this person. notice there was no question mark. thus, i wasn't guessing.
though if i found the same type of fans of the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy series... i've only ever even met a scant handful of people who've read the books! it's depressing, i know! should i create an spca-style infomercial about how you can help stop the scourge that is not having read those golden gems? by all accounts the longest trilogy in history; it was 5 books long! also one of the best ever. handily ties for my favorite ever, though the kingkiller chronicles are right at its tail.
i'll see myself out. to bed. dang, i wanted to go to bed 40 minutes ago but got caught up in the comments of a post about the balrogs in lord of the rings and the silmarillion! some great people there. and by that, i mean i've finally found my people: people who obsessively love the tolkien universe!
aaw, it's not cool man? dang it, cool man is such a good costume!
well isn't that just like people.  i beg you not to guess and everybody starts guessing. ... not cool, man.
@cb: please don't go dressed as donald drumpf. that would probably get you kicked out at the boarder
cb, please don't tell me you're coming in a cheetah-print speedo... ;)  ` i really don't have any ideas. i never think about costumes like that. ` besides, it might be a bit cold to just wear a cheetah butt.
@cb, thats awesome! i promise, i won't guess, "out loud". ;)
i already have a pretty good idea how i should dress up.  please don't guess, because you'll probably get it on the first try and then i would be sol to come up with something else.  i even have an idea for my wife, if she'll go along with it ...
@zem, don't worry you've got time to figure it out.  a quick word of warning though, my wife has been known to dress people that don't come in costumes, so if you want a say in it, its best to pick something out yourself.  i've seen some amazing homemade on the cheap costumes...
oh shoot, it is a halloween party, isn't it? um... nope, no ideas. what could i even dress up as? a lazy-ass college student taking a vacation into canada?
@geist, you could always mail your costume in advance... just in case. ;)  also depending on what makes it exploding we might be able to get that part here so theres no boarder issues! ;)
@gm, what about a mountie?  thats appropriately canadian... and you're definitely tall enough! ;)
figuring out what to dress up as for halloween i had a great idea but realized that packing an exploding kitten costume would get me arrested at the airport.
now if only i could get creeper to come too. i doubt little leo will like flying but she is closer to canada than me so it should be cheaper to get there and back.
lol! too bad you already used up that lumberjack costume! ;)
now, the biggest challenge...figuring out what to dress up as for halloween.
@zem, we can definitely find a quiter place for you to study, etc., you could probably sweet talk my wife into using her office... ;)
gm, i'm taking physical chemistry next year, a class so terrible a guy who goes through all of his higher level courses without any effort and gets a's like i did in high school was driven to drinking over the stress. well, i mean he drank already, but everyone in that class who's able goes straight out to the bars at like 4pm fridays when it gets out. so... yeah, if i don't bring my school stuff, i'm screwed. no way i'd catch back up if i left school all at home.
@gm, that would be great!!! thats the only part of the logistics i've been struggling with!
@bakhan: that was what he said when i told him about when it was, and that we were planning day trips. so there's his mitsubishi outlander, and once i get my license, i will convince my mom to let me use her outlander(exact same year as phil's, just we got our a few months before he got his). i would use my dad's jeep patriot, but i cannot for the life of me fit behind the wheel comfortable(my knees dig into the steering column, no matter how i adjust my surroundings). @zem: you could always bring your school stuff and study a bit in the downtimes.
@zem, if you can swing it, we would love to have you!  i think we would have some pretty awesome conversations!  also, we could get you legally drunk, how could you pass up on that? ;)
banff sounds awesome, and drumheller sounds like what we do on vacation! (i.e. road trips, but stopping at places like that with trails and museums. sounds like alot of fun to me!) again, still can't be 100% sure about going, but i'm 110% positive and would love to go! i found out i have a really easy semester anyways, so i really won't miss too much if i take a few days off. ` on a related note; dammit! fall break is oct. 17th and 18th! so close!
@cb, have i told you that i appreciate everything you've done for the corps?  cause i do! i can't tell you how awesome it feels to be planning this right now! getting a little choked up... ;)
also, if phil comes then we potentially have another vehicle right?  my wife camero really only takes one passanger.  might be able to fit a couple of kids or midgets in the back seat.... maybe. ;)
man, it feels good to be adding stuff to the website again!  :-)
@gm, thats great, everyone loved having you both at the party last year.  lots of positive comments about both of you, also why i've tried inviting you to some other gatherings... ;)  misty was actually saying that her sister thought you were both great!  way to represent the kc, and random internet folks as well! ;)
@bakhan: i already told phil about the party, and when it is. he is planning on coming. and possibly even the day trips.
@geist, don't worry, we'll make some "special" cookies, my wife likes them too! ;)  and any help would be greatly appreciated! i just don't want to work you too hard, you are visiting after all! ;)  i think you and my wife are going to have a great time talking costumes, halloween, and day of the dead!  i can't wait for you to get to meet her! she is my special lady!
@cb, thats awesome!  i was looking at some a while ago on ks and almost went for it, but we (my wife and i) rarely play cards.  i think cards is too slow for her.  she does love some ek though... ;)
@geist, as far as i'm concered we can, and should, because they are both very cool places to go!  i just think that depending on what everyone wants to do, i wanted to keep it open.  we couldn't do both places in one day, there are too many things to do and see in each place as well as they are far apart.  banff is about 1 -1.5 hours away to the west, drumheller is about 1.5 hours to the north east.  each one would take about 4-5 hours to see everything.  banff is a cool little (tourist trap) mountain village with lots of cool shops, natural hot springs, a gondola ride to the top of a mountain, and lots of other naturey type things to do.  drumheller is the bad lands, its where the dinosaurs did their thing.  theres lots of cool scenery to look at, the horseshoe canyon, the hoodoos, etc., and as far as i know the largest dinosaur museum anywhere!  the tyrell museum is a pretty spectacular thing to see and experience! as far as the day of the dead. we don't usually do anthing too special, we just revel in the fact that we can have another full day of halloween and get away with it! ;) i do typically try to cook up a few mexican type treats for the day.  i make a mean tortilla (for a canadian...)! ;) also, if there is anything else that you, or any other corps members were interested in doing, let me know, if i can accomodate it, i will!
btw, i have dia de los metros playing cards from the edgy brothers ks.  better plan on bringing them.
re: helping out are you serious? of course i'll help. it would be my honor. you and your wife are very gracious to open your home to a stranger. the least i could do it help set up, bake, decorate and clean up afterward. you're still going to make the special short bread cookies, right?
@bakhan, thanks.  the page has been updated with your current in of.
@bakhan: why can't we go to both baniff and drumheller?
wait. you have a day of the dead celebration?! i am so down for that. so i won't be leaving until november 2nd.
@cb, awesome! the only thing is the halloween party is on the 29th. as i get more stuff figured out i will definitely update. as of right now there is a day trip to banff planned tentatively for the 30th. i was also thinking a day trip to drumheller would be fun as well. i'm still looking for feedback from the corps though. as well as any other ideas peeps may have!
ok, i've started adding details about the october event at www.kittencorps.com via the link shown below.  any help with the details, etc. would be appreciated. http://www.kittencorps.com/kittencon/kittencon.html
i'll see what my boss has to say, just going to wait until i have a few items dealt with before i go to her with it. especially since she is also a little busy due to all the lay offs(canada and us termination/severance/lay off legislations are very different...and confusing)
@gm, i think you should see now, if you can get the 31st off.  it will make it easier to plan and make a schedule.  i just don't want everyone coming up and then getting bored sitting around my house.  i've got lots of stuff to do, but i don't think i can keep everyone occupied the whole time on my own! ;)  i think that if we had two day trips, planning on banff and drumheller, that would take some of the pressure off.  what do you think?
yeah, the sunday i could definitely come. i only work mon-fri, so weekends are completely open for me. i *might* be able to convince my manager to let me take the 31st off, since as it sits right now, i can do the entire payroll in 1.5 days if i have to. but that's with our currently reduced field work for the guys.
@gm, what about the sunday, the 30th i believe, we could try to plan banff or drumheller for that day, then you would be able to come with?  i'd hate for you to miss out on everything but the party... :(
i would be able to help out on the 28th, since i can take that day off. but unfortunately, with it being the big payroll starting on the 31, i won't be able to take any days, other than maybe the 3/4 off.
@geist, the pup is still doing good!  he's beeing uber fussy about eating though, which is concerning.  i've been trying everything but he just doens't show any interest in his food.  right now i'm giving him 1 cup of his dry food, mixed with half a container of wet food (the fancy beneful stuff), and around a cup of boiled hamburger with rice, twice a day.  even with the hamburger and rice, he only really gets excited if its spiced properly and its fresh from the stove.  after its been in the fridge he loses intrest, even if i heat it up in the microwave first.  i've got a seriously spoiled, gourmet puppy! as far as your arrival and departure times, friday is going to be mega hecktic, so we won't have much time to sit around and such.  i hope you're serious about helping out, cause i'm sure we could use it, theres going to be lots of cookies and cupcakes etc, that will need decorating! ;)  we're both excited that you're coming, so you don't need to worry about the hospitality! ;)  my wife loves decorating and dressing up and i love cooking and baking, and we both love hosting, so it works well for us! ;)  as far as nov.2 for the departure date, that works well because you'll be here for dia de los muertos! yay!
woo! love when i have solid evidence, with signatures, to backup why someone is getting paid what they are getting paid, rather than the amount that they say they should be getting.
but decided to wait in case there was a change. hmmm. maybe should have gotten the signatures first. granted, you'd still have to wait if there were changes but i think the chances that there would be none were greater.
morning kittens. nothing like a wednesday where you only need to get signatures from two people...and they're both busy. at least i have until 1pm to get those. mind you, i could have gotten the signatures yesterday anytime, but decided to wait in case there was a change.
morning bakhan! how is the puppy holding up? regarding the dates for me getting to calgary: i was thinking of coming on october 28th and leaving november 2nd. how does that sound? i could help with the party prep and clean up in exchange for me crashing at you and the missus house.
good morning, vietnam!
good morning kittens!
g'nite, pot. mmmmm... dang it! too much barbecue talk lately!
anyway...  another big day at the house tomorrow.  i'm logging off. good night.
it isn't even as large as the stump's my team uses, capacity wise.  and that price didn't included the doors for the firebox and smoke chamber i would have had to get custom made.  bullsnot.  i'll either buy the stump's or build it myself.
i'm doing well. that's interesting. haha! ` well, caught up now! *claps dust off hands*. `-... wait a minute... someone else at this time?! i rule the night (of the ek comments)! nobody's ever here.
@gm - re: scrunch -  thanks.  she was such a little cutie.  pretty small compared to some kitties.  why we called her scrunchie -  her legs were all stumpy.  she just looked scrunched up. :)
in regards to cooking, my chef gentleman friend also has a barbecue cookbook and used to work with the weber family....  he has yet to cook for me though...
hope everyone is doing well!
only $10 for a smokehouse? that's a good deal, actually. $10k, though... i mean, it'd probably turn out to be well worth it, but it doesn't matter if it's worth it if it's more than a single-digit percent of your paycheck anyways. wait, i don't know, maybe you do make enough to throw that away. it's still a hell of alot, though.
that's not far from me.
$10k for a brick smokehouse is a ton. i may not do that even after i make hot sauce millions...
pot, twitter user @unreticentmind is offering bribes to crate people willing to let her play with the expansion. she lives in downers grove. i don't know how far away that is, but i figured i'd pass it along.
one of the things i especially wanted at the new house was a brick offset smoker with a grill on the other side.  i took my plan to the mason who set the stone on the front of my house, he quoted me $10k. i can buy a very nice stump's for a lot less money, so that's what i'm gonna do.
so it's settled? corps meetup part 1 at pot's barbecue-... i mean house warming?
@bakhan: to quote from monty python: "i'm pass my prime".
@lz: no, the kit 2.0 by allegory. it's a handcrafted leather wallet. all their products are handcrafter, and made in the boston area.
gm, are you talking about the new rum 'n bones?
@geist, i think you need a bf, like badly... ;)
like a dirt screw. aren't those the best kind? sorry. i couldn't help myself. it was the nando's chicken that made me do it.
i had some nando's chicken for lunch. very very tasty. i don't feel too bad about the calories since i had a green smoothie for lunch and i still have a salad to consume for dinner.
welp, one of my favorite creators is at it again. they just love sucking money from the people who love their products.
@lz, again, easy peasy, use an old auger and just keep it spinning very slowly, that should do it! like a dirt screw.
bakhan, that's a good idea, particularly if i'm going to be doing it overnight with an electric element. of course, having an automatic means of dumping ash would be great, too.
ok, so i went and got my brisket fix! and a black cherry pop shoppe pop! whoo hoo! so good!
@lz, you should see about automating it with a feeder, like they do for wood fired boilers.  they have an automatic hopper that adds wood on a timer.  once you know the frequency, it just happily dumps wood until you tell it to stop, or it runs out.  might be worth looking into.
of course, with the brick walls, electricity would probably only be necessary when i'm sleeping and can't add coals to maintain the temperature.
really, what i want to do is build a brick smokehouse with attached grill. i want the smokehouse to be warm and cold smoke capable and have chutes available for adding coals, water, wood chips, etc. as necessary. it would also be nice for it to have electric assistance to help keep it at the right temp when it's cold out. smoking a turkey on thanksgiving with my setup sure was a chore. i had to monitor that thing near constantly for ten hours.
i use a brinkmann's smoke 'n grill. it was about $30. it's not the greatest, but i make it work. i would like to have a better setup, but i don't have the money yet.
hello kitties.  sorry i missed the bbq discussion.  what i miss is grilling in the midwest.  when i lived in sioux city, there was a beef processing plant just across the river and a restaurant, called hungry;s that served the best grilled steaks i have ever tasted.  the owner knew somebody at ibp, so he always had a great supply of top quality beef aged to perfection. they don't seem to know what good meat is in charlotte.  i can pay twice as much and still get a scrawny steak filled with gristle. and pork.  there was a restaurant called iowa machine shed that grilled the good, thick cut iowa chops.  pork chops around here are way too thin.
i'm going to need the dates that people are planning on coming up so that i can arrange the schedule to entertain, and still get stuff done! ;)  so i realize that we're still 6 months away, but as soon as everyone who is planning on coming can, please let me know your schedules! thanks! ;)  also, if people could let me know of any food allergies or aversions, that would be great!
thats great!  i'm really looking forward to this!  i can't wait to have you all up here and celebrate kc style! ;)
wonderful! then come june, i will buy the airline tickets and submit my passport application. it's early enough that i should be able to get my passport before the end of october.
@geist, its up to you really, as long as i know when it is, i can arrange to be there to pick you up!  i normally get up at 5am and to bed by 11pm (normally 10pm) but, once i know for sure what dates i need to be available for i'm planning on taking that time off.  i normally take a few day prior to halloween off in order to prepare for the party anyways.  so it won't really  make much of a difference to me either way.
i'm gonna have to make a quick trip to pot's house warming if he is actually gonna have a bbq weekend.
@bakhan: you got that right. which reminds me: when choosing a flight, how early can i arrive in calgary? would 8 am be too early? would 11 pm be too late?
morning kittens. all of you talking about brisket last night makes me want to cook some. i would love to smoke it...but we don't have a smoker, and our fire pit needs a bit of work before we can use it. @creeper: scrunchie was definitely a pretty lady.
@zem, i hear that!  all i can think about right now is smoked brisket and how i don't have any!  this might be a good excuse to hit up the smoke shack by my work for lunch!  its as close to southern bbq as you're going to find in calgary, imo, they use their own spices and they make 12 different sauces themselves.  i've never seen them run out, but its pretty much first come first served and if they do run out, you're s.o.l.  ;)  they've got some great bumper stickers in there too, my favourite is "why part of pork don't you understand?".  yep, brisket it is! only three hours to go... ;)
great way to start off the day: super hungry from all the barbecue talk!
@geist, that good eh?  well, its not month end, so maybe its the weather?  at any rate, i hope it gets better for you! ;)
@pot, thanks for the advice!  i'll check it out!  i'm well aware that equipment does not a master chef make, however, i am hardly a cooking novice! ;)  i wouldn't dare compete against someone like you when it comes to a technique i've never used such as smoking, heck thats why i'm asking you for advice! but, on a regular gas or charcoal grill, or heck even a fire pit, you'd be up for some competition!  i'm not saying i'd beat you, i honestly don't know, but i think i could surprise you.  during the summer time i rarely cook on anything else, and once i convert my bbq to natural gas and move it up on my deck (which is where the hook up is) i can do it pretty much year round (baring the coldest of the winter, cause yes, i'm a wimp and i hate the cold!). ;)
happy poopy chaos tuesday.
morning kittens!
@pot: you give me the date & i will be there. good bbq is so worth it
"what springtime means in canada" i think you'll like this one, geist!  http://9gag.com/gag/akql4lo
just looked it up: 7 1/2 hours?! now i'm actually considering it! if you pay for gas... ;)  but then again, from what you say about that brisket of yours...
and worth every minute of the trip if i do say so myself. g' night.
and on that note it is time to sleep.  g' night all.
brisket?!... hmm... you only live about 11 hours away if i remember correctly...
oh and btw, i will be posting here when we figure when the house warming will be.  my plan is to do it over a weekend, from friday afternoon through sunday night.  and my team has committed to coming to cook for the entire time, chicken friday, pork saturday and brisket sunday.
@zem.  beale street is about nothing but emptying tourists wallets, food, drink, and entertainment are overpriced and generally sub-par.  the only places we went to in memphis are in an insiders guide to local barbeque and all met my simple rules for a place to get barbeque (btw, extra points are awarded to places with slippery floors in the dining area, i don't know why but it is a mark of quality). @geist,  hiya! we walked all over him with golf cleats, wasn't even a contest really.  our briskets were as close to perfect as we could ask and as a little bump i made my special smoked strawberry jam as a condiment for the handmade rolls that were served.
one thing i will say about memphis, though: graceland was totally worth checking out!
re: famous dave's about three years ago, we had a d.c. bbq cook off and famous dave was competing. let's just say that dave wasn't looking to good health wise. really over weight and in a moterized wheelchair
*waves at pot* how are you doing? last time you posted, you were competing against this other team. i believe you mentioned that they were doing a lot of stuff wrong and you felt kinda sorry for them. did they come in last place?
maybe off of beale you could find great barbecue. i'm pretty sure we did find one place, actually, a ways away from there that was amazing, but it's hard to remember. anything on that street, though, was just overpriced junk. i remember there was another place that had one of the highest ratings for all of memphis, but it was also fairly expensive and we didn't have time that day, but maybe someday... i'll go to nashville instead. i've seen stuff about some of the places there!
see, there's the difference between us zem. :) i thought beale street was a huge disappointment, nothing but dive tourist traps, the barbeque we had was pretty damn good, but we followed my simple rules for finding good barbeque (and a list of the best barbeque joints in town) and, the night i was feeling off, my wife and friends hit gus' fried chicken, rated by them as the best fried chicken ever.
on that note, memphis was a letdown. never go there. it's not worth it. beale street was interesting, but that was it. just walk down it once. hell, walk down bourbon street and you've seen beale, just with more strip clubs. and it's not literally 2 blocks of some cool looking tourist trap letdowns.  though to be fair, there was a pretty cool homeless dude there.
i second that, bakhan! i can drive to illinois. plus, barbecue!
pot unfortunately, there's almost none of that this far north and west and in the middle of nowhere. if we travel, hell yeah. but here, the options aren't that varied. also, yes huh daves is that good! trust me, it was a hell of alot better than anything we had in all of even memphis!  though the best is, what is it, joe's i think? the gas station one. that is the absolute best restaurant barbecue i've ever had! it easily lives up to the hype!
stump's.  look 'em up on the web.  excellent quality, well built. if you want to save some cash you can easily build a good can smoker for about $150.  or you can buy  brinkman's offset for about the same.  it ain't the equipment.  it's the pit master.  better equipment means you get to sleep some at night, or relax a bit during the day.  meat, smoke, spices.  that's what matters.  we started cooking on brinkman's years ago, then we built cans, now we have a stump's.  it just means we get more rest.  our food has improved, but not because of the equipment.
back to the restaurant... i was amazed at the quality of their food.  everything, right down the pasta, is made from scratch, in house.  i had a duck comfit ravioli i would beat your mother to get to.  my wife had the spaghetti bolognaise, i can never make spaghetti for her again.
next meet up (meat up?) is at pot's house! i'm so jealous! good southern bbq is hard to find around here, go figure... why oh why did i ever try it? i need a smoker bad. when the time comes, i'm getting advice from you pot!
oh zem.....  please, don't.  friends don't let friends eat famous dave's.  look around.  what you want is a little hole in the wall kind of place.  the grungier it looks, the better.  and if they don't have a sign that says in effect "when it's gone we close", don't bother.  i have eaten more barbeque, both good and bad than you could imagine, this is the voice of experience.
all the barbecue stories on here make me really want some good barbecue! dang, maybe i should hit up famous daves; it's the best around here you can get whenever and it's one of my favorite restaurants at all.
my crate package is at home now, so whenever someone can bring it into town i'll get mine.
aaw! scrunchie is so cute. who's kitler in the back of that picture?
ooooh, that sounds nice!!!  i just went back home to kc for a bit and gobbled up as much barbeque as possible! and thanks.  i miss her little face at my window so much.  hate knowing she suffered from a trauma in the end.  still breaking my heart.  i'm trying to focus on her coming to me for help and comfort.
my barbeque team went to assist a member in a head to head brisket competition sat./sun. at a real restaurant in elkhart lake, wi.  it was like restaurant fantasy camp for us.  people helping, able to use any tool we could imagine and have someone else do the dishes.  pretty cool for a bunch of backyard barbeque junkies.
i'm doing okay, we had a good weekend. just got some expensive news about a problem at the house though. i'm sorry about scrunchy creeper, i know how tough it is.
hi pot - i think i usually keep missing you on here.  hope you're well.
not yet!
has everyone gotten their expansion packs?  i just got mine.
and my favorite -  https://www.dropbox.com/s/sdthc8kymfhq2hn/2015-11-25%2013.38.17.jpg…
that is so cute creeper! scunchie was a beautiful little lady. i love black and white colored cats
aaw! dang it, i need my heart in working order! between these donuts and mocha and that picture, i may need either a bypass surgery or an aed on standby. http://waverunnersfastpitch.net/hnnnng-gif-38.jpg
i saw that! here's a little pic - this is leonidas sniffing scrunchie on the window sill.  https://www.dropbox.com/s/89dmflmhznr6v32/2015-11-02%2009.08.42.jpg…
hola! also, see the comment i made about you below, the one with 7777!
hi kittens.
roto toms! that's it. had to look them up. and, though i'd love to see another, more up-to-date full set, i keep knowing i'm forgetting several things about my dad's kit, but i can't remember what they are. oh well. ` ` that moment when you realize valentine's day is nothing, i've never worried about it at all, but spending national pet day alone? what kind of monster am i?!
the smaller drums would be toms probably, unless they are really small, then they would be roto-toms.  again, if you make it up to calgary, i'll show you a drum kit.... ;)  our drummer has three full kits, only one at my house thankfully...  i've seen some drummers that replace skins regularly whether they need to or not, but most only replace them when they get holes, or too loose to tighten up anymore.  its all about control, basically, if you're denting the skin, or putting a hole in it, then you have none, and you probably suck as a drummer... ;)
wall amps, same thing. from when he was in a band and working sound, same place he got the drums. they were built for guitars, but really, really well. the drum kit is a full one, and i mean full! i don't even remember what the entire set is (alot of it is in the garage or basement because of space), but if i remember right, at least 6 drums, 2 bass drums with foot pedals, a hi hat, at least 3 cymbals, snare, cowbell, and 3... i can't really remember what those things are, but like really small drums. all built to take a beating! i remember hitting it so hard my brother could hear perfectly outside, yet there was hardly a tiny dent in the plastic. oh, and a good quality drum stick holder with dozens of sticks of various sizes, shapes, builds, and uses. i know there was more, i just can't remember it all right now; he hasn't even had the full entire set all together for years now because it takes up so much space. he's had them since the 80s as well, from a band he was really good friends with.
@zem, weird, i wonder why he doesn't just use a guitar amp, its kinda what they're designed for... ;)  also, heavy metal drum kit? a drum kit is a drum kit, you choose what you play on it.  the old school metal drummers used to use two bass drums, the new version is a double kick pedal (much more affordable, and easier to move around).  as far as durability, that part just depends on quality of the components, much like anything else really, you get what you pay for, mostly.
ooh, in 5 comments, creeper will have 7777! you should get that and then go to vegas! legend has it that once you have lucky 7s' worth of comments on the exploding kittens kickstarter comments page, you have amazing luck, especially when gambling, but only in vegas, and only while you have 7777 comments on it.  it's a very specific legend.
my dad still has some speakers from i think the 80s, wall speakers, from when he worked in sound and music for a time. they're really good ones! i wish i could remember what kind they were; if you remind me or i remember next time i'm there i'll tell you. he still uses them all the time when he plays guitar for fun.  he also has a heavy metal-style drum kit, the kind that can take metal drummers hammering away at them or even 4 little kids playing around for years with them.
aaw... now one of the pet cats of one of my favorite youtubers (talking kitty cat) passed away as well. so many gone in the past few months, and this one will leave a lasting gap in the channel. but he was the father of a litter of kittens, so i'm guessing the guy will keep one to take gibson's place.
@zem, lol! well, if you make it up here, i will show you what real speakers sound like! have you ever heard of infinity?  mine are 10 years old, and even modern speakers can't compete, these are the best i've ever heard, and come with a lifetime, no questions asked warranty.  someone kicks in a speaker, still covered! ;)
i want a savannah cat @lz: funny you should mention that. there was a heated discussion on whether or not people should own serval cats. i know that savannah cats grow pretty big and have lots of energy so you'd need to keep them occupied. i don't know if i'd want to pay for a pure breed cat when there are so many that need homes. my two kitties were from a shelter and i still love them to this day even though they are gone.
i should clarify; almost any non-professional, normal speakers i've heard. better than any headphones and sometimes it sure seems like most earbuds even in quality. they can also go through any pitch my computer can generate, apparently; i did some fun, thorough tests with tone generators and it had a great overall sound at any pitch i could hear. (i can hear a much wider range than an average person)
my earbuds actually have a better sound overall than nearly any speaker i know of, plus then it cuts out echoing and other weird sounds from walls and ambient noise that's always around. heck, if i want, i can put on my noise cancelling headphones as well and only hear through my earbuds!
@zem, i've always prefered the way music sounds when it has a chance to expand properly, ear buds don't cut it for me, but whenever i have to take public transportation, they are a must! ;)  there are lots of great bands out there zem, i think because of the smaller population in canada, more bands like the arrogant worms get exposure that they never would have in the us.  there was a little band from bc called cozy bones, that were absolutely amazing, that you just can't find anywhere anymore.  it makes me sad... :(
i want a maine coon cat primarily, but if i got a savannah as well, i'd be the happiest person on earth! maine coons are so fluffy and relaxed, but savannahs are, while pretty darn territorial and sometimes aggressive as in the case of my mom's cousin's savannah, really playful and fun.
i want a savannah cat.
heck, just for rush, you owe us big time. release the worms to atone for not letting us have rush exclusively! we may have weird al instead, but it's an atrocity how few people know of them! ` i know a few cats that are bigger than many dogs, so they could fit right in. and what about savannah cats? they are dogs! if they ran around panting with their tongue sticking out, people would never even know they were cats!
bakhan, how many boy bands have we given you? i'm sorry for what we put you through, but since you kept such gems as rush and arrogant worms, i don't feel bad about this deal at all.
poutine is here and spreading? i only know of one place within my entire region that does it! i know if i went to wisconsin it'd be everywhere due to them 1) having tons of cheese, and b) being the canada of the us, not to mention i've been there a couple times and they do indeed have plenty of poutine. and cold winters... maybe i should move to wisconsin?  nah, their football fans are horrible people! every time we play wisconsin here, they literally double the police presence that game. it's kinda sad. it's the one time anyone from wisconsin is so mean. otherwise it's a great place!
bakhan, i blare music too, just in my earbuds, so it's only loud to me. ` i know a maple farmer in vermont who's actually fairly successful, and apparently it's at least as good as the stuff in canada; she exports some there!
@lz, scooby dew would either chase the cat, or sniff its butt.
i hope the fence isn't too high (or too low underground), or at least that exceptions can be made. my new cat's best friend is a chihuahua.
@creeper, sorry to hear about scrunchie.  i'd ask scoobee dew to go check on him, but i think there's a fence between doggy heaven and kitty heaven.  otherwise, chaos would ensue.
@geist, lolz, oh i do, i do... ;)
@bakhan: you have a point about the boy bands. not my fault though since i'm way too old to listen to any of them. still, ya gotta blame britain for at least 50% of that.
not going to argue with you there. definitely should have been.
@gm, true, but he still should have been wolf food... ;)
@bakhan: it was those people who financially backed him to get him record deals and what not. they corrupted that kid to be what he is now. the blame lies in both countries for that. us for letting him out, them for warping him.
@geist, lolz! and how many boy bands, etc. has the us given us?  as far as i'm concerned, we still owe you! ;)  also for what its worth, we're sorry, people like bieber are normally left out as babies in the woods for the wolves, not sure what happened there... ;)
@bakhan: haven't we suffered enough with justin beaver?
@geist, you guys have maple in the states, i believe there are few states that produce it, granted its inferior to the stuff you get here, but technically its still maple, so no!  its too late for poutine, it has already made its way there, and from what i hear spreading like a grease fire! ;)  besides, anytime you guys wanted to visit the warm weather you could always come up here! ;) how weird is that to say?  come to the great frozen north, and experience heat... what?
and randy quaid.
but you have maple syrup! we don't have that. if you want to keep the warm weather, cough up the think yummy goodness. you can keep the gravy fries.
@geist, well i don't mind sharing, but theres no way i want to trade, at all! ;)  we've had cold aprils for as long as i can remember, this is such a nice change, i think i'd like it this way every year!
please send the warm weather back down to the states. my current electric bill is $100 less this month due to the warm weather. i wanna keep that up so that i can have more money to spend when i get to canada.
pretty weird though either way.  ontario getting snow, the states seem colder than normal, and here we are, breaking records (almost)! ;)
fair enough. i was watching the news, on global, and they said due to the thick layer of cloud(apparently two levels worth), we just barely missed the mark.
@gm, well just goes to show you can't trust what you read in the newspaper... ;)  in fairness i was in the chuck anyways... ;)
morning kittens. @bakhan: in regards to the record breaking temps over the weekend, we didn't quite break record on friday. we were close, off by ~1 degree.
life (in this case) = lift
also, i play music very loud, twice a week at band practice... ;)
@zem, lol!  i could see that, you're getting a life up to a black diamond run, you're getting all pumped, and the guy in front of you is blasting rocky mountain high, by john denver.... :( talk about a buzz kill! ;)
almost like they have 40 years of practice under their belts! ;) even if i had a great stereo, i never play music loud. i always just use headphones for mine and others' courtesy. reminds me though; when we were skiing, a few people had the equivalent of boom boxes built into their backpacks. only one person had good music, and when you're stuck directly behind them for 10+ minutes easily on a lift, it can drive you really insane.
@zem, i do feel really lucky to have seen them!  they were fantastic, i hope that i have energy like they do when i'm that age!  man, they were just flying around on the stage, and the show was amazing!  there was a bit of echo on the sound, so when bruce was talking in between songs it was hard to hear him clearly, but the songs were great, and the guitarists were so tight, almost like they've been doing it for 40 some years... ;)
@zem, i've always used the fight fire with fire approach!  oh you like to play your music loud?  allow me to show you what loud is all about!!!  my main system in my living room is pushing 700 watts of power, without distortion.  you can turn it up as loud as you want it and it doens't even crackle!  if thats not enough then i go to soul crushing levels and run the music through the pa for my band, you'd have to get a stadium sound system to compete with that... ;)  you should never have to listen to something you don't like! ;)
how could iron maiden not be amazing?! i'm really jealous you got to go see that!
it's amazing how even though i love such an astoundingly wide variety of music, people always find the occasional song that slowly drives me insane to blast in the bathroom loud enough to hear all the way down the hall. *grumble gripe old-man-stuff*
good morning kittens! iron maiden were amazing, and now i have another band off of my must see list! ;) @creeper, i'm sorry to hear about scrunchie, but i have to believe that she's in a better place, i'd say my old guy ralph would be saying hi, but he hated other cats in life, and i doubt he changed since then... but i'm sure she'll have no problems making friends! in regards to all this weather discussion, there must be some kind of inversion going on, calgary reached record breaking temps this last weekend!  on friday it got up to 81f, the hottest its ever been at this time of year, the average being between 30 and 52. hot dogs are gross.  i'm 100% with trinkets on that.  the only way i'll eat them now is if i'm totally hammered and camping so i can cook them on the fire.  other than that no way!  smashed lips and a-holes, thats what my dad used to call them. ;)
morning kittens.
nebraska kinda does its own thing. this year, unlike most years, i was glad it warmed up now. just less to worry about, and though i love cold and find it relaxing, it does just slightly stress your body. so, especially in the mornings, my one weakness, the one time i hate cold and am irritable, i'm actually glad that it's not so chilly now. plus, it's mid-spring; it should be warming up by now. i'll try to send some warm t̶h̶o̶u̶g̶h̶t̶s̶ weather your way.
@trinkets: i had pretty much the same experience weather wise. it's supposed to be 70 degrees tomorrow so i will get some relief from my electric bill
drop yours by 15° and that's what we're expecting
for us, the last couple weeks have been the same, and this one seems like it'll follow: monday starts the week around 55-60 degrees and the whole weekend is about 70-80.
not sure what you had, but we had cooler temps than normal, snow, ice, rain, more snow.  pretty much all fine now though
good to know you are still among the living. hope you are having better weather than i was this past week
howdy geist! still dealing with this bulging disc in my neck. physical therapy is helping, but slowly. and if i did win the lottery, i would have to fly everyone to somewhere so we can all hang out.
you won the lottery and didn't tell us?! how could you do such a thing?!
trinkets! how the he'll are you and where have you been? you had me worried. or maybe you won the lottery and didn't tell us.
we also had sausages with them, so it wasn't entirely hot dogs. and some amazing sauces for them, my favorite of which is a type of currywurst ketchup.
well, at least you meant to toast the buns. hamburger or brat buns are a mandatory toast. people who don't are missing out.
i loved them, became indifferent, and then my dad wanted them one time, but made really good hot dogs really well. we forgot to toast the buns with butter this time, one of the special things that makes them worth eating as a whole meal, but they were still pretty darn good.
i equate hot dogs to boogers. when your a little kid,  sure they might taste good.  when you're an adult,  you should know better.
don't eat 'em or bologna. just can't.
hot dogs; it's what was for dinner. a ton of haut dougs. mmmmm. fulllllll...
nachos. that what was for dinner. howdy gang!!
olives. it's what's for dinner
wow, it's quiet around here today. ... too quiet... (it's just been too long since i've overused that joke.
thanks zem. :)
aaw, sorry i didn't see that earlier, creeper. that's too sad, though as was said, at least she's not in terrible pain still. she trusted you alot, though, which is really nice to know. i remember your stories of her last year and we'll all miss her. she'll probably find marble somewhere up there in kitty heaven, but marble'll just hiss and walk away. that's just how she was.
i know i made the right choice.  she was suffering so much.  so happy she can finally frolick in kitty heaven.
yay rafiki and gir!  hope the whole exploding kittens gang will hang out. :). thanks geist.  i know logically i did all i could, but i keep having the feeling like "she came to me for help and i couldn't fix her." she kept fighting until the end.  it was exhaustive to find a place that would help.  my friend came over, everywhere as closed or charged a fortune.  finally found the best place we could have gone.  they were so kind.  and though i couldn't be in the room (they had to treat it as a surrender- i wasn't financially responsible) they said they will do everything they can to help her unless she's too far gone.  and if she gets better, they will move her for adoption at aspca.  which oddly enough- i train as a volunteer there starting next week.   i know she was in awful shape-  but my heart would burst! if she was there in a few weeks.
sorry, creeper. at least she's not suffering anymore. gir and rafiki are showing her all the best parts of kitty heaven right now.
oh creeper. i am so sorry for your loss. please remember that scunchie knew you cared for her and that your care eased her transition to the other side
geist, like monty python and the holy grail?  "a year passed: winter changed into spring, spring changed into summer, summer changed back into winter, and winter gave spring and summer a miss and went straight on into autumn... until one day..."
let's all have our fur babies welcome scrunchie to kitty heaven, please.
nuts. i'm huddled in my place since it's so cold. it's so windy outside, i'm pretty sure i can float to canada right now.
if you can get here in the next hour and 45 minutes, sure!
and share with the rest of us, right?
i've been cooking all day. i finally get some time to relax
an inch of snow in the morning and a wind advisory. did summer and spring go by while i wasn't looking?
nobody's on today? cool. i declare an official azad/ns marathon. i dare you to stop this train!
if i had $830, i would so get an htc vive, the steam virtual reality setup. it looks to be by far the best vr out there yet! only problem is that you need that much money on hand, and that's just with shipping to america. it's $800, and to america is $30, i think canada is $60, and i shudder to think what shipping is to europe.
dang, first thing in the mor-... afternoon, you guys already make me hungry for barbecue! save some for me. it'll keep for several months, right? ;)
good luck pot! now my stomach is growling for bbq
it's a princess cut, so six prongs won't work. the jeweler did say to have it cleaned more frequently than she has been doing. in nine years, it's only been cleaned a couple of times.
and.....   i'm out.  see ya'll next week.
sounds wonderful!  we're doing at lest 6, 12 pound briskets for a charity fundraiser. we may have to do more.
@lz;  just saw your post about the diamond from yesterday.  if it's a four prong head have your jeweler replace it with a six prong head and then take it for cleaning and tightening every year.
i'm doing a london broil that i pan seared before loading it into the smoker. when it's done, i'm going to slice it thin and serve it with mad cow and/or original inferno (taster's choice). i'm also doing a loaded potato salad
how did you know what i'm doing today lz? i am on my way to sheboygan wisconsin to prepare for a battle royal between two barbeque chefs.  one a member of my competition team, the other some poor slob who has no idea what he's up against.  the field of battle is beef brisket.  the terms are bragging right for one full year.  when we cook we bring the whole mxxxxxxxxxxxin team and the ruckus!  this other guy has no clue...  i almost feel sorry for him.
wait, what? you cooking something delish lz?
let the cook off preparations begin!
just watched looney tunes back in action for the first time in like 12 or 13 years, which is surprising since i loved it so much after the few times i saw it then. so many memories from it, but it's also on par with even spongebob for hidden subtle obscure references and not-so-subtle innuendos! also timothy dalton and steve martin. i love all the sometimes really obscure warner bros. references and allusions they had in it.
i guess so
they sent that to everyone in the crate, didn't they?
right. i just thought they only sent the slack invites to the beta testers.
also, i'm not usually on slack, i never check there, but i get an email whenever they tag everyone, so i go check then.
yeah, but remember i didn't have anything with android until i downloaded that emulator a couple days ago.
weird that you're on slack but not the beta.
ok. i had seen that. i wasn't sure if you were on slack.
the slack page. i haven't gotten the email, they said on slack #general
yes, that's the email. what group page?
woohoo! on the group page, they said the crate crates have shipped! confirmation emails for all!
that's incredibly lucky! also still, support@explodingkittens.com for the beta testing thing? ` also, next semester i'm taking 4 more credit hours, but it seems like half the classes! i won't have a huge-ass block of classes every day and tuesdays won't be 8:30-midnight or more of hell.
the diamond fell out of my wife's ring last night. we got lucky and found it.
i have 9.63 regrets, yet i think a burrito and chips make up for that. why, god?! why does good food cost money?!
my tummy has issued an edict: "i want chipotle!" let it be known that my stomach is more powerful than my brain or even my wallet. defeated in battle, this day of our lord april the 8th, 2016 years anno domini, at the glorious battle of "i'm hungry, dammit!"
so support@explodingkittens.com? or something else? ` i'm hungry. hmm... do i want money or canes? money or canes... or maybe chipotle. cash, canes, or chipotle...
i'm beginning to feel like a nap god, nap god.
if it happens again, i'll probably say that.
@lz: "i'm just curious: how did you get my personal phone number?" that is about as nice a way as i could come up with.
zem, i see. i filled out the google doc, then it was a few days later that i got the nda. perhaps you should email bella.
geist, i should have, but i couldn't think of how to ask without sounding hostile.
someone gave a patient my personal cell phone number did you ask that person who did it and then, did you rip that person a new one for giving out such personal information?
you mean the google doc thing? because otherwise i never even got an nda. no response after filling out the google doc entry form.
creeper, that is awesome. it's just too bad it couldn't have been under happier circumstances. zem, i got an email with the relevant linke about two days after i signed the nda.
i'm just so happy she came to me for comfort.
also, shouldn't i have gotten some form of notification about play-testing the app beta? it's been awhile now. did you guys just get emails that let you test the app or what?
why... who?! why would do such a thing?! i'm guessing the reason it's that question mark thing is to censor just how frustrated that angry emoji must be!
that question mark is an angry face emoji.
ok, so apparently someone gave a patient my personal cell phone number. �
poor kitty. it's always terrible when this kind of thing happens, and after the whole thing with jc, i've always felt strongly about helping them early on so it doesn't become serious and lead to this situation. it usually doesn't, but sometimes you can tell it'll go too far.
zem- unfortunately, with her being feral- if she's does actually get better, she may revert to previous behavior and not let me touch her. it's hard to administer meds regularly.  also the expense.  and i have leo at the moment and roommate who is kind enough to let scrunchie stay in her bedroom.  i can't provide the care for her if she was able to actually heal.  we both also have full time jobs.  it's been tough enough keeping leo separate and constantly cleaning to prevent any passing of infection.   if i lived alone and didn't have leo, it's something i would have probably done when she showed up.  but sometimes it's just best for a fur baby to help them no longer suffer.  she came back for comfort and safety. it's all i can do.
thanks guys.  she's such a little fighter. i keep telling her it's ok to go. she just doesn't understand english!  i've emailed about 5 services, and let them know that this is a tnr kitty, and more of a good samaritan situation.  hopefully one will help me out.  for now she can sleep on my clothes with a hot water bottle and tuna water pedialyte nomz.
@creeper, i feel so bad for you and scrunchie. you are doing more for her then anyone probably ever has. sometimes compassion is the only thing we can give, and i have to believe that is enough. if she is at the end, that's all that can really be done anyways. i know it isn't easy, peace creeper.
sorry to hear that about scrunchie.  when we put scoobee dew to sleep, he was still well enough to walk into the clinic on his own four legs.  we knew that he might last for weeks or months, but we didn't want to have his last days filled with suffering.  it was very hard to see him go.  i hope scrunchie is at peace soon.
*note: we gave the other 3 kittens away before that happened to jc. we're not so cruel as to separate them after that kind of thing already happened to one.
the part of that story that added insult to injury is that the momma cat, one of my favorites, freija, left soon after because we gave away her other 3 kittens and then cute lil' jc went through that, so she was left only with marble, our older cat who just passed last winter, and who really didn't like any other cats who might try to encroach on her territory, so freija ran away and i haven't seen her since. that whole thing was just a debacle.
aaw, i've had 2 cats go through something similar... i remember it's not very pleasant at all. the second time, i nearly begged my mom to take him to the vet, but she didn't until we already thought it was too late, but he moved a little. he didn't even make it through the car ride to the vet. the only thing worse than losing a beloved pet (like poor little jean claude philippe jacques perez) is knowing you had a chance to help them before it was too late. that was why i kept telling you to bring her to the vet for specific help; we all know full well what it's like and don't want you to have to go through it with scrunchie.
just thought i'd repost this; i had a fun night, this was interesting, and like no one was around: i love this song. just listen to the very end... it's amazing. and yes, i can very nearly match that. i've actually scared people with how low my vocal range goes.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
making me cry!  ....i'm still searching for a service.  the only ones i"ve found are $300.  -__-  i mean, i get it.  they come to your home and do this.  it is a big service... but stiiiiillll
your smell means comfort to her at this point. at least she is getting some help. if she was anywhere else, no one would care and she wouldn't even be getting this little bit of comfort.
my heart just broke.  i peeked in on her, and she moved off of the hot water bottle and onto my clothes.  i took them off in there because i'm trying to be careful about infecting leo, especially since i was holding her for so long.      baby girl!!  she was laying on top of them.  i just whimpered.
holy *bleep*! if it wasn't red, it must of been puss which means she has a serious infection. i'm glad she it taking a little nourishment. she knows that you are her friend and mean her no harm. the offer still stands if you need it creeper. kitty friends unite!
well, i just moved her to the hot water bottle- and what i thought was clumped up dirty fur on her head (been trying to gently clean it the past few days) actually burst.  it was *not* pretty and did not smell nice.  but i think it gave her relief.  i put some hydrogen peroxide on it, and fizzzzzed!  she seemed more aware.  held her head up and drank more tuna water with pedialyte.    she's asleep in the other room now.  i showered and leo is desperate for attention. and geist- that's very sweet of you to offer.  i feel so so strange asking for money or taking it.  but i may need to take you up on it.  going to contact two more places today and see what their rate is.  i can't do much more of this, and neither can she.  honestly, i was hoping she was pass overnight, but like all scrappy backyard kitties- they're fighters.
this scrunchie talk reminds me of gir. except he didn't have wounds; he was just skin and bone at the end. so sorry, creeper.
creeper, you can can about anything in here. i'd be happy to send a donation. if nothing else, so scrunchie can be at peace.
i'm waiting on a few responses.  seems like $150-$200.  and sorry to be the debbie downer.  i wanna keep the convo cheerful and fun! but my coworkers already think of me as the crazy cat lady.  don't have many people to talk to about why i'm letting a sick backyard kitty hole up in my room.
i am so sorry creeper. i know from personal experience how hard it is to see a kitty failing in health. it's hard for me to read your post without having tears spring up. how much would it cost to have a vet visit?
this just haaaad to be the month where i paid all of my rent (instead of split with roommate).  it has thrown me off so bad.  imagine paying double the rent you normally would...  and this is nyc rent.
i'm sitting on the floor with her on my lap.
hi guys.  thanks for the warm wishes.  scrunchie has drastically dropped in health.  and today she actually tried to lay on my lap.  she is skin and bones.  she won't eat, and i've been giving her pedialyte fluids via syringe.  i very much wish she would let go.  she can't hardly stand.  i don't want her to be scared in a carrier and at the vet, but i also can't afford a house call.  this sucks.  do i just stop giving her fluids?
@pot: i won't be able to, mostly because of the currency conversion.
g' mornin' all. i have been in touch with the coordinator for gen con in indianapolis in early august.  right now they are not looking for volunteers to assist, but they'd like to know if any of us will be there in case they need an extra helping hand (or two). does anyone actually plan on attending at this point in time?  you will need to pay your own entrance fees.
morning kittens. you know, the more i look at it after the lay offs yesterday, i won't be able to take any days off past the weekend of october 29/30. at least not until nov 3/4, possibly. but i should be able to take oct 27/28 off, since that's a small payroll week, and everything i would need to do would be done by then.
yeah, emmil, that was a problem we figured would happen since the cards were sent out. just too bad it works out like that.
i bought plastic sleeves for my kittens, and now they don't fit into the box :(.
@bakhan: send mother nature back down to the us. you are already blessed with maple syrup. you can't have both. and a day trip to drumheller sounds nice. count me in.
woo! 6 from dr. p, 72 from lz! i'd like to blame azans and riddle "hour" primarily. ;) lz's just over 1,000 from creeper now as well! we've come a long way!
i really, really hope it works out for me to go. i'd be okay with missing a few physical chemistry classes to go! (and that's saying something! not that i'll love p-chem, in fact, i'll love a chance to be able to not drown in it, but that missing it might spell certain doom)
then... "yes... ;)" i guess.
to all the northern bound kittens, what do you guys think of a day trip to drumheller? if you've never heard of it, the answer should be yes... ;)
@zem, vets are tres expensive though... and she can barely touch her so there's that too...
like i said, if it's serious enough to consider putting her down, then it's past time to shanghai her to the vet's office for a specific antibiotic.
@creeper, i'm so sorry about scrunchie. do you have any idea how old she is? do you think she can recover? i really hope so!
@geist, hope you feel better soon! i think mother nature is vacationing here it's going to be in high 70s tomorrow!
i love this song. just listen to the very end... it's amazing. and yes, i can very nearly match that. i've actually scared people with how low my vocal range goes. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
geist, that just sounds like a plot to a terrible but awesome cult classic 80s action movie.  ` aaw, i don't want scrunchie to go! though i've had 2 cats in similar situations... not turn out so well, but i feel like she's pulling through. is it really that serious now? i hope not. i'd rather take her to a vet to get some specific antibiotics.
she's letting me touch her more.  i cleaned her eye, found two small holes beneath it that look like claw marks.  i'm guessing cat fight, she got an infection.  the holes were draining so much.  put hyrdogen peroxide on them, saline soaked cotton ball in nose, hot water bottle, arnica in water fed through syringe....  *sigh*
scrunchie update- she's still hanging on.  i'm so stuck.  i really can't afford a house call to put her to sleep.
evening kittens. spent the day at home in bed getting over my stomach troubles. watched "cloverfield" for the first time. interesting movie. not worth watching more than once so i will probably give it away. lots of rain today and i hear we might get snow this sunday. it is apparent that old man winter has locked mother nature in the bathroom and we need to rescue her.
my pleasure zem. :)
yeah, pot. in fact, nobody was all today until now! you guys really did just wait for when i was available! aw shucks!
hey gang.  anyone here?
but i'm going to head out now, since i do have that movie to get to. i'll be back on tomorrow.
no, nothing on the jacket front. there are now two people in calgary the received theirs. mine could potentially be at home right now, but i won't know until sometime later tonight(going out to a movie, then dinner, with the friend i went to vegas with...now, if only we each had a girlfriend life would be better)
total pros and cons.  eeesh. any news on your jacket?  i really hate how the creators never really apologize.  they have their reasons/excuses, which i'm sure are legitimate... but they never *quite* seem to acknowledge the anger with the backers...
that being said, nobody can really guarantee anything. this is the fifth round of job cuts, and after each of the previous ones they had said "this is it, no more". unfortunately, since we are an oilfield specialized trucking company...we are hit pretty hard.
probably one of the safest, since i handle the entire us  payroll pretty much single handed. the only difficulty will be when i have to do the big us and possibly the canadian hourly at the same time.
is your job pretty safe?
@creeper: not anyone i was really close to aside from the other payroll coordinator, just people that i interacted with on a regular basis, some of the field guys.
hey gm - sorry to hear about that.  so rough.  any one you're close to?
yay, gm survived the blast! let's send a search and rescue for bakhan and geist.
good, how are you? and do you know what happened to everyone today? did a nuke go off in calgary? and geist was already there? that's the only explanation i can think of that means none of them would be around today.
it's kind of a somber mood around the office this afternoon. 15 more people company wide...laid off. =/
hello- how is everyone?
yeah, but this is empty by holiday weekend standards!
wow, i went away for almost 3 hours and nothing happened here. not overly surprising, since it is thursday after all.
i'm not part of many others, so i'm never really on them to chat. ` wait... nothing all morning? are you all being kind to me and leaving the comment storm until this evening when (i hope) i'll be around to read them and participate? aaw, you're all so nice!  too nice...
morning kittens. in regards to the comment sections, i tend to only chat here really...usually try and give information on other ones, but mostly here.
i did that on another campaign and noticed i had to reel it back because the average post by most of the common commenters was once per day or so, so i commented a couple times per day to make up for their slack. this was a perfect introdction to kickstarter for me!
it was such a culture-shift for me that i tend to be the guy who posts way too often on other kickstarters trying to get an active conversation started.  i think people on those other campaigns wish i would just shut up.
@cb, here here, i second that for sure, never met a better group of people on line, kc ftw!
morning kittens.  i love that i can get to this page by going to games sorted by most funded.  :-)  this is the best kickstarter i've ever been a part of and i've backed over 100.
good morning kittens! iron maiden tomorrow!!!
ooh, according to google, it's ravi shankar's 96th birthday! next you know he'll join the list of dead singers/famous people this year! ;) but really, though, he lived for freaking ever. almost as long as jack lalanne, a guy who died about the same time and i thought would live forever as well. but not because he's a vampire like ozzy osbourne or (possibly) mick jagger, he'd just exercise his way to infinity.
ph. d.'s are all completely underpaid, and i hate teaching and suck at it and would never subject entire classes of poor students to that. so... yeah, no.
haha, i never even drank a single sip of my coffee this whole time! i just have a cold cup of coffee on my desk.
only if you go all the way to a phd. zem, and then only if you want to teach or do research that will never pay you a serious living wage.
at least now, having given up on life, i can relax by playing mount&blade while listening to welcome to night vale podcasts. i am seriously close to dropping everything and becoming a history or medieval/rennaisance studies major. in fact, why not both?! oh yeah; there's no money in it. it'd be amazing if i could even get a job with that. maybe i could make a youtube channel where i pretend to know what i'm doing.
the expansion deck does not include your card cb.  i have seen the original, hand drawn matt inman deck.  20 cards.  all gloeious.
this day is just... wonderful. took so much effort not to type something else after the fu- in wonderful. i'm legitimately surprised i have that much restraint left. it should have looked something like "wonderfu**f***f***f***f***f***f***ingf***erful". my schedule for classes next year got really screwed up when i went to see an advisor, but we worked it out. now, trying to enroll, i have 2 classes with only one option available; guess what? they overlap! yippee! not to mention one class that happens every single [beautiful] day; all 3 options? all take place during other classes that i can't reschedule because guess what else? they happen to only have one time i can take the class. thankfully math i can take a night class with. all of the other options just happen to overlap with... you guessed it, classes i only have one option for time the class is.  and i can't see an advisor tomorrow because of a near tuesday-esque schedule. i'm already late for enrollment and i have to wait until friday to get this mess worked out.
that's what i get for being mia for months while i was looking for a job.
ooh, expansion cards!  i wonder if they'll include "nothing but cat butt." where a player has to play with his cards face-down for a couple of moves.
i am too. it involves best damn and coupling.
doesn't matter. i'm having my own little zem party right now. you're all invited, but by the time anyone could drive here, i'd be asleep and the party'd be over. it's not even a great party, it's just what i do normally anyways.
tomorrow.
wait, did azans start and nobody told me?
woohoo! when will those ship out? i feel like we've been told and i'm just too inept to remember enough numbers to constitute a date.
zem, bella confirmed today that the packages will include expansion cards.
dang it! i knew it looked like the azans acronym, but i was too involved answering your other question to think too much more into it! aaw, sorry i missed it. but hey, if you come here some weekends or nearly every evening/night, you can join my show, or perhaps i could star on yours. ;) ` and yeah, so far as we know, it's fully closed for now. though i bet if you contacted bella or something, being such a major member of the corps, especially being so integral early on, it might be allowed due to extenuating circumstances, you never know. but probably just too late. sorry you didn't see about it in time.
... and i guess i missed my chance of being in "the crate."  :-(
thanks zem.  acbads is an acronym for "all cheetah butt all day show."  i thought you would have caught that, since it's a mutation of azans.
@cb, i guess... but just cause they're smaller (crickets are smaller than locusts right?)... ;)
better than the honey-covered locusts strong belwas ate.
google has no clue what acbads, so i can't help you there. i also don't know if you were serious about the crate or if you made a joke and i missed it. that happens alot to me. but if you were asking what it is, i'll answer. otherwise, don't bother with anything after this little dot here ---> . the crate was like a little testing community they opened up awhile back to receive and test and feedback on things they sent us, such as beta testing the android app. they also just asked for our addresses and promised a box of goodies, so we're either testing a new game/expansion as was once upon a time rumored or we'll be methodically assassinated by mailed explosive kittens. i hope it's the former. we entered via twitter by submitting something cool about the game or kittens in general, and you can still look on facebook or twitter on the ek pages for some of their favorites, or even here: http://www.explodingkittens.com/theentries.php they had explodingkittens.com/thecrate but now that just says that it's closed. it used to have the rules and a description. it's basically the illuminati, but for kittens.
@geist, those have been available for a long time, and disgusting just as long! ;)
shoot! i typed out a whole damn comment and accidentally hit "comments" instead of "post comment" yet again! *grumble* it was the answer to all your questions, cb. here goes again.
can you believe they have just a thing a chocolate covered crickets? ewww
... crickets ...
what is this, the acbads?  surely someone can answer my question.
@lz, did you see my question earlier about what is "the crate" and how do i go about getting in?
yeah, i'm not big into country or western (*gasp!*, i know!), but most everyone has at least heard of merle, most have heard at least a song or two, and almost all of them really liked what they heard. just too bad. ` pretty soon here, even randy quaid will be gone, for real this time! he's been declared dead so many times now. until then, use this to know whether or not he's actually gone this time: http://www.deadoraliveinfo.com/dead.nsf/qnames-nf/quaid+randy
the passing of another legend, the world is poorer for his passing for sure.  i don't even care for country music, but i'm very familiar with merles work.  my dad was a huge fan.  he will be missed.
i knew rhett and link would be really sad about haggard. turns out they put up a tweet about it with a picture of them with him in his trailer a few years ago just like i knew they would!
really? merle haggard now even? well, at least it's not like january where each week there's a new person on the news. soon you'll be saying jagger or osbourne won't be here, but we all know they're immortal. at least one of them is a vampire!
it felt like a terrible, inexpensive pile of caffeine and sugar kind of day, so i went to the starbucks-a-like in the campus union.
@bakhan: all the freaking time!
merle haggard is gone. 2016 is determined to take all the talented folks and leave us with nothing but reality stars.
@lz, lol!  yeah, do you ever get the feeling that some people say things and choose words to try and make themselves sound smarter than they are... ?  yeah... ;)
ok, here's an example. doc orders a hep a antibody workup to determine immune status. the result they got was "nonreactive" so they decide to order a titer instead. then they call, saying they can't find the titer option and asked why they didn't get a titer the first time. they also said that they hope ordering a titer will get them the answer they want. the thing is, nonreactive in this case means there was no detectable antibody, so the lab wouldn't have done a titer, because the titer is the highest dilution at which you get a reaction. well, it's nonreactive, so it doesn't matter how many different ways you order it; the patient has no hep a immunity.
well doctors are just people too. i have some first hand experience here. i don't know if it's the same in the states, but, once you get into medical school it's pretty hard to flunk out. those that excel go onto specialize those that don't become general practitioners. not always, but mostly. that's why most doctors don't seem very smart. they are really good at studying for tests not do good at retention. there's also a certain arrogance that seems to go as well. they probably feel like reading announcements is beneath them. it takes all kinds... ;)
@lz: i blame it a little on greed. the doctors push medication that gives them a kickback every time they prescribe it.
indeed. i'm talking more about behind the scenes stuff. the problems are largely due to their refusal to read any announcements.
yeah...that they can. but most of the time, they do have fairly good advice.
you know, for people who are supposed to be incredibly smart, doctors can be really dumb sometimes.
i'm actually contemplating going to get a bottle of that when i go on lunch. either that...or forgo lunch and finish this payroll then talk to my manager. depending on how i'm feeling in the next 30-40min.
@bakhan: nothing drinking a little ginger ale won't cure.
@geist, i hope that you still have a good time today!  maybe all the activity will help you forget your tummy troubles? here's hoping! ;)
@gm: you and i must have eaten the same thing because i got really sick on my way to work. had to stop off and use the subway bathroom. still kinda pukey but i'm going to go to the food festival anyway. (not much can keep me from a free event)
@gm, sorry to hear that, hopefully you'll feel better as the day goes on!  good luck with your day!
morning kittens. nothing like waking up sick at 3am, and not being able to stay home due to needing to finish the payroll.
@cb, i think its because they are still such a popular breed.  keep looking!  even if you did find one before october, you could still have someone look after it for you, couldn't you?  at any rate, best of luck!  those guys are so cute (even if they are little rat dogs...)! ;)
we've been looking for a chihuahua puppy.  it's been over a year now since scoobee dew died.  i am really surprised how hard it is to find one around here without paying hundreds of dollars to a professional breeder.  oh well, if we find one before october, it could put a wrinkle into our travel plans anyway.
i've never understood why people want or need to see dead people.  i think its a disservice to the person to have to be remembered as cold and grey, as opposed to how they were in life.  when my dad passed away, they asked if i wanted to see the body.  gross! i didn't want to remember him like that, i didn't even want to remember what he looked like in the hospital prior to his passing.  thats not how i want to remember him, a man who was so full of life and such a vibrant character, cold and grey. i know you're just joking zem, but its a bit too soon for that, for me.
aaw, but there's a 100% guarantee we'd get to meet him! ;) maybe if all's not well and it turns out we won't meet him, maybe put him on display like they did with lenin's body?
or a pupsicle!
@zem, i am not turning my dog into a popsicle!
i really hope that you get to meet him too!  he's doing his best, which is pretty awesome!
yeah, have him cryogenically frozen just to make sure we can thaw him out and meet him in october. take no risks!
good to know. i'm hoping to meet him in october.
@geist, he's doing good!  he's his usually happy, puppylike self!
yeah, i'm not in the crate either...
@bakhan: how is the puppy holding up?
good morning kittens.
@lz, what is "the crate," and how do i get in?
morning kittens.  had a great time playing trivia last night.
morning kittens. winter has apparently come back and it is cold outside. have volunteered to work at a fancy foodie event in the city called "taste of d.c.". should be fun and i can partake of all the free grub and booze as well.
i guess that means every night is azans by default... ` a guy i know had a great idea: pay some guys in central africa to be your own private army! just pay them like $100 a year and you can have your own sovereign army in another country! have the picture of them ready for when people say "yeah? you and what army?!". just be like "this one! yeah, that's right! i have a private army, b****!".  "see this guy? he's really good at making paper airplanes. he's the air force. this guy? he's a great swimmer; navy right there! he is the navy seal! this guy has good eyes, so i made him the national guard and he stays on watch most of the time." only problem is that you could never visit because it'd be in such a dangerous country. but you could have pictures of them with guns looking intimidating.
see, in the evening, i'm here all the time, just nothing else to do, but nobody else is ever on. i know how the european crowd felt now. (actually, i knew the whole time; i stayed up with them quite often and greeted them as they entered every night). speaking of whom, tep was on awhile back but hasn't checked back in since then. shall i call a search party?
just watched mystery science theater 3000: manos hands of fate. i love that one! that movie is a true masterpiece!
maybe i'll take credit for my brother's entry, since it was mostly my idea. wait, i'm already in. it doesn't make a difference. you didn't get in, geist?
i submitted mine.  so for the android beta testing, they email you to your normal email and everything, right? i don't think they've responded to me yet, which is too bad. ` that sucks, gm. we'll try to include you if possible. just meet with bakhan and share in his goodies and jollity. i love that jollity is a word!
next time they open the create, i think i have an idea to better my chances of getting in.
i'm sure you'll get in next time
i'm not part of the crate. t.t
everyone here who's in the crate has submitted their addresses already, right?
all this food talk looks delicious! good thing i'm going to eat soon anyways. all this talk is exciting and tiring. so much to read through! i'm torn between ecstatic for so much activity just like the old days and my crotchety-old-man-like annoyance at being thrown out of my comfort zone the single day it's impossible to even pretend to try to keep up with all this!
pot, i live basically in lincoln, ne. but it would be nearly impossible for me to meet up with everyone, though, without hitching along with someone and carpooling up there. even this way, i'm not entirely sure i'll be able to make it, just very hopeful.
@cb, i am if nothing else an enabler... ;)  besides its been a long time since i've had moonshine!  last stuff i had, my dad and his friend made, and well after drinking that i was considered to be a man... ;)
@bakhan, thanks for the info.  it looks encouraging.
chocolate, no. scottish, i think so. willing to try both, either way.
i'll have to lay some shortbread recipies on you then!  have you ever had chocolate mint shortbread, or scottish shortbread?  soooo goood!
i'd love that bakhan! it would save me a trip to washington and i loooovvvee short bread cookies. so delish with milk.
@geist, probably best not to bring anything like that across the border, at all!  unless you want to get in trouble, its not worth it.  and for what its worth, i can teach you how to make brownies while you're here if you would like, they work well in shortbread cookies as well. ;)  its actually super easy!
if i knew how to make "special" brownies, i'd bring some to you. i was suppose to go to washington state to sit in on a cooking class but never went because i was working the contract gig. i'll attend those one of these days.
@bakhan: when i get there i will have to go on a beer run. and i'm fine sleeping on a fluffy reclining chair. just give me access to a bathroom so that i can freshen up in the morning and i'll be good. i'll also contribute to any food i consume.
@geist, it wasn't meant to be... besides i'm a light weight now.  20 years ago i could have given you a run for your money though!  now most of friends either don't really drink, or are recovering alcoholics, so i don't often drink myself.  herbal refreshments though... ;)
since everyone you meet on the internet is a closet murderer uh oh. you found me out. i'll leave the axe and duct tape at home when i visit.
i've already got more booze than all of us will be able to go through in a week.... probably... ;) is that a challenge? *makes note to have the doctor check my liver*
@cb, where you flying or driving... ;) a water bottle could hide it pretty well if driving.  i can't see any reason why you couldn't bring it though.  canada has never been as tough about booze as the states was.  also, read this, it says nothing about any restriction on moonshine... http://canadaonline.about.com/od/customs/a/alcoholvisitor.htm
@gm, definitely need to check that out.  if it were to get confiscated by customs, they would sure have a great party at the airport.
@cb: i don't honestly know. your best bet is to check it out before coming up, that way you don't risk loosing it/being turned away.
is it legal to bring a bottle of climax moonshine across international borders?  the stuff is legal here in north carolina.
@gm, as an example, as of right now, we have 15 bottles of wine, 5 26's of crown royal (various kinds), two 26's of vodka, two and a half bottle of jager meister, two large bottles (not sure if 26 or 40) of kalua especial (the high test stuff), and various other bottles of tequila, etc.  honestly, i think we're good.  also, there is a liquor store less than two minutes from my house. ;)
i would love to be able to offer space...but living with my parents and sister, they would frown on it(you know, since everyone you meet on the internet is a closet murderer).
i've got two spare bedrooms fully set up (one may already be taken), two other rooms i can set up inflateable beds in, a pull out lazyboy queen sized bed in our "sun room", and then numerous couches and reclinable chairs, etc.  also, if people wanted more privacy there are numerous motels and hotels close to my house (5 mins) that are pretty afordable as well.  i don't know what the best way to sort out who stays where is, but probably first come first served so to speak.  there are two full baths one up and one down, and a half bath on the main floor, so that part shouldn't be an issue.
@bakhan: you may be underestimating the power of the geist.
looks like we need to add a page on kittencorps,com devoted to kittencon 1,
@pot, i would love to go to gen con, its on my too do list for sure.  i just can't do it this year, the dollar (canadian) sucks right now, and on top of that we're broke.  too much spending last year, vet bills for the dog, and hours roll backs at my work... thats why having you guys come up here works out great for me!  the cost to host you guys would be almost nothing, just the cost of food, which i can handle.  i've already got more booze than all of us will be able to go through in a week.... probably... ;)
i'm willing to crash on the couch if all the rooms are taken up by couples.
and holy cow, your house is huge! is there a room the wife and i can crash in?
bakhan, i was thinking that's what it would be. i've had a similar thing, except we used molasses instead of maple syrup. it's something the pioneers did.
@bakhan: and now i know what dates to put when i purchase my ticket. i'll be purchasing it in june since i'll be getting an extra check that month.
@lz, basically we just need to make "snow", the real stuff is neither dependable, nor safe for consumption...  what you do is heat up the syrup to near boiling, basically the beginning stages of candy, then you ladel it out onto the snow, take a popsicle stick and wrap the ice cooled syrup around it and enjoy, it is awesome!
@geist, those dates would work out just fine, and you are more than welcome to stay as long as you would like! seriously, we have lots of space.  just the two of us and 3400 square feet above ground, plus another 2200 or so in the basement.
oh, that's not bad
zem, bakhan said something about needing to get a snow cone machine in order to make a particular treat. i mentioned that i have one so that he would know that i can bring it so he doesn't have to worry about purchasing one himself.
@lz, i'll let you know about the snow cone maker.  i found one at bed, bath and beyond that has good rating for under $40, so i'll probably just pick one up anyways... ;)
@gm, the best way to deal with parallel parking is practice!  its actually quite easy once you learn the trick of it, and it makes parking downtown much easier.  if you ever want to practice, let me know!
i'd love to go to gen con this year pot but between my trip to orlando and canada, i will be tapped out as far as spending money is concerned. i'm still trying to save up for a house to purchase next year.
ek will be attending gen con in indianapolis this year gang, start making plans now....
or rather where will you be last part of oct?
where do you live zem?
i love when physics gets out early. it gives me a chance to actually have a good enough lunch!
@gm: if the party is on the 29th, then i would like to then i'd like to arrive on the 27th and leave on november 1st or 2nd. depends on bakhan hosting availability.
snow cone machine?! why didn't you mention that before?! i'll go there instead! ;) but seriously, to me at least, that sounded entirely random. maybe i'll have to check back in the comments later on to see if it was actually in context or if i'm going crazy and am just in a big hurry right now.
@bakhan: that's on my "get this done this year or you will be lonely forever" list. i really just need to do the test(why do they make you parallel park?! i would rather walk 10 blocks that do that!).
we also have a snow cone machine.
awesome. that's where pot lives.
it would take like 8 hours to get there, which is half the time it'd take to get to the salt lake area.
bakhan, " don't worry, by the time you're finished with your classes, we'll all be busy doing other stuff again... ;)" yeah, no kidding. that happens every normal day as well! i'm used to it now. ` near chicago, lz? that's not a bad journey if it would work out perfectly! i'd need a big bush to hide my car behind for awhile, but it could work if all's well.
@gm, exactly what i was thinking, even if i need to buy a snowcone machine... ;)  i am going to need your help with some of this man!  do you have a drivers liscence?  we may need extra transportation, if we're going to be doing day trips and whatnot.  i'm definitely planning on taking off the time whilst we have the kc here, it would be a real shame to miss out on any of the hijinks and shinnanigans i'm sure will follow... ;)
speaking of potential get togethers, i just fired an email off to bella and elan about gen con in indianapolis (aug. 4-7) this year.  there may be an ek booth or gaming area or both, and it's possible they'll want some help.
dear lord! i think i will need to take that week following halloween off(depending on when everyone is leaving) just to spend time with everyone! @bakhan: we could do *almost* the quebec way. just need enough shaved ice.
and trinkets! where is trinkets, anyway?
sweet! zem, would it be possible for you to make your way to schaumburg, illinois?
@bakhan: baniff it is! that candy store sounds heavenly and i will be sure to bring back plenty of maple treats.
that is typically busy part of the year for us, but i'll check in with the spousal unit and see what she thinks.  it would give me an excuse to get to oregon, washington and north dakota.
@geist, i'm still brainstorming some ideas to satisfy the maple craving... ;)  i won't be able to give you the authentic quebec version, but we can still have fun with maple, don't worry!  in banff (one of my recommended day trips) they have several candy stores that feature maple, maple toffies, hard candies, trinkets, etc., that might be a good place to pick up some souvenirs.
@bakhan: just more people for the grand maple syrup heist.
oh and for full disclosure, expect it to be anywhere from chilly to damn cold!  we didn't really have a winter last year and i'm sure it will be looking for revenge this year.  that being said, there is still lots to do, and i've got a large and comfy home we can hang out in as well.  last year it was mild enough that we didn't need coats to be outside, so if its a repeat this year, that would be a plus.
come on creeper! i'll even do a layover in new york before i go to calgary so that we can journey together.
@pot, we would love to have you come up, if you can, bring your wife too!  this is going to be epic! also if you come up, creeper will have to come for sure!  i don't know if the world is ready for the first kitten corps con, but i am! ;)
she did get a day off of her choosing, but in my opinion that is cold comfort after 30 hours of uninterrupted work. calgary in october....  hmmmm.  i've no idea what the weather would be like but i suspect it'd what i call winter here in chicago.  still, it'd be an excuse to knock three of the remaining states off my map of "states i haven't stepped on".  might be doable.
@pot: a bunch of us are going to calgary at the end of october. it should be a rollicking good time. i don't think anyone has nailed down date ranges yet, except that bakhan's halloween party is on the 29th, and we'll want to be there for that.
pot, that's awful! i insist on taking time off to make up for extra hours.
@lz, my wife once pulled a 30 straight hour shift over a weekend.  and yes, she's salaried.
hi gang.  sorry to post and run last night, i had to complete some chores. what is this calgary party i see mentioned, can anyone inform me so i don't have to go back through several dozen posts?
@lz: tell me about it. thankfully my manager tells me to keep track of all ot i put in, and gives me time off in lieu.
i live! working 12+ hours in one day sucks! ...especially when you're salaried!
@zem, its a conspiricy!  don't worry, by the time you're finished with your classes, we'll all be busy doing other stuff again... ;)
wow, every time on my busiest day it's by far the busiest here! now i don't have a chance to catch up at all. oh well, at least physics got out early again so i can get a start on lunch, at least have something.
well, i liked that coin so much i decided it was time to change my avatar picture.
@cb, speaking of which, assuming we have them by then, and you are coming up in october, we'll have to get in a game or two!  inbetween rounds of ek of course... ;)
fantasy coins are a weakness of mine.  i usually jump on the kickstarter campaigns when i find one.  that's how i wound up funding ultra coin, more for the coins than for the game.
@cb, they look really cool!  i love those fantasy coin ks, just don't really need them for anything, yet... ;)  i have been tempted by several though.
that is leo saying hi... standing on keyboard.
@creeper, thats why we want you to come up to calgary in october!  if theres one thing that we accel at up here its causing trouble! ;)
/////////////////////kj////x
@creeper: that i would pay to see. :p
@bakhan, roughly, yes.  it was purchased from fantasy coin.com.  i have a bunch of them, sixteen of which i use to replace the wooden coins in the board game sakura.
keep meaning to say - i have a feeling that if geist and i were to vacation together, we could do a lot of damage left to our own devices. :)
morning kittens!
@cb, is that version of the min guo tong bao (last brass chinese coin cast with a square hole)?
... and it would help if i shared the link (face palm!) https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
oops, i guess io meant @gm ...
@bakhan, how about these instead of pennies?  (penny shown on the right for comparison)  ;-)
@geist, when i travel to the states, i always leave the pennies behind now, as i can't slip them into my change here anymore, and it doesn't make sense to me (cents?) to save them and bring them back... ;)
@bakhan: i think that's what they have stockpiled in the "accounting" file room....
we still use pennies. there was a movement to do away with that form of currency but it failed. sooner or later pennies will be phased out which is why i collect them when i see them on the street.
@gm, the worst part is that we don't even use pennies for currancy anymore!  where the heck are they getting those pennies!?!
@geist: they use a launcher to pay me though. it's starting to hurt actually.
@gm: you get pennies? i get iou slips.
@cb: i'm sure you can convince the missus to make the trip. the more the merrier. it would be nice if we had pot and pottaten coming to. wonder where gcod has been hiding.
morning kittens. another day, another penny.
@cb, in a pink floyd - the wall kind of way?  i know i feel like that a lot... theres always so much pressure to conform and to fit in, thats one of the reasons why i like talking to all you guys, no pressure to be anyone other than yourself here!
@zem, there are days when i feel like i have been through a sausage grinder ...
good morning kittens! @cb, thats great news!  fingers crossed you guys can come!  i can't tell you how giddy i feel when i think about all you guys coming up!  awesomeness!
... this kind of thing changes a man... http://9gag.com/gag/ax9r599
tacocat tuesday?
absolutely, geist. worst day of the week by far. my entire day from 7:30 to midnight or 1 am is completely planned out already, no free time, classes from 8:30 to 4:30 solid, not even time for lunch...at least it'll be over 75 today. that might make up for some of it. maybe my lack of sleep. you know, if you've been behind on sleep for over a week now, you'd think you'd sleep more when you had the chance, like over the weekend. nope, i only slept like 6 or 7 hours even then.
morning kittens.  i mentioned calgary to my wife last night during the ncaa basketball championship game and she wasn't totally against it.  hopefully, i will be able to convince her over the next six months that it would be a fun trip..
morning kittens. it's tuesday so you know what that means.
well i've gotten the emulator to run smoothly now and even tried out a couple apps. i just need to hear back from bella tomorrow and get the links or whatever to start up the game! unfortunately tomorrow's tuesday, so... not much time to try it out, if any.
pot! are you going to go to the party in calgary?
if i remember right, at least all the regulars here are. also, howdy!
so is everyone here in the crate?  i know several of us are.
yes! and this thing lets me play flow free again! that was one of my favorite games to play on boring nights, especially while playing loud music, until it was removed from chrome apps for some reason! awesome!  i literally beat every level at least twice in that game. every single one of them... except 2... every time i played, there was a single level that laughed in my face, and somehow it was different the second time i ran through them all. i have no idea why i couldn't beat that one level each time, but it annoyed the hell out of me.
too late. got antsy and submitted it with the phone model. can't wait for the email and to finally be able to join you guys!
so in other words, bluestacks or at&t motorola xt1052?
when the google doc asks what model mobile device i'm using, do i say the emulator name or should i go with the model device the emulator is using, the phone it's emulating off of? or would that even make a difference?
respond to that, and she'll send you the relevant links
you should have gotten one because of being in the crate
you have to get an invite from bella
how do you get it? the only exploding kittens apps i can find on this emulator are the knockoffs, one by aztech films, explosive cards: cat edition, and kittens exploding on soda.
that sounds like a really good idea, actually...
oh, and zem, i saw that someone is beta testing exploding kittens on their mac via an android emulator. you should try that.
ooh, i hope they don't have to cut out the infection!
how many pounds was the infection and was it a natural birth or a c-section?
was that the report back from the doc, lz? if so, yay! you only have a disease! not something to typically be congratulated about, is it? ` dangit, any ideas on how to hitchhike to canada? hitchhiker's guide to canada (from nebraska) for cheapskates and college students.
yay, it's just an infection! boo! i had to send my closer home, and there's no one to cover her shift, so i get to!
@gm: that has happened to me plenty of times. and my reaction has been the same: run around like a chicken with my head cut off screaming "the sky is falling!".
how about that moment you need to get an approval, for a very tight deadline, and the people/person you need isn't anywhere to be found?(not today...but has happened in the past)
that feeling when you need to submit qc data to the manufacturer and their website isn't working.
creeper has to come now. i can't be the only female kc member there. and by the way: i already called dibs on bakhan's basement and bar.
wow. this is really looking like our first kitten con. wouldn't it be wonderful if elan and the gang showed up? *hint hint if you are still reading these elan*
@cb, lol!  that particular strech of road is pretty fun, surprised you guys kept it to 120!  my record for that strech, was 1.5 hours from the city limits of edmonton to the city limits of calgary, a 300km trip.  i was averaging 160kmh or 100mph the whole way, the cops had people pulled over the whole way, and were too busy for me!  it was awesome, i still miss that little honda prelude... ;)
@bakhan, i worked for a company that made power line monitoring equipment and i was the "tech guy" at the sales meetings on a business trip to western canada.  we also stopped off at vancouver.  the most fun i had on that trip was driving 120 on the highway between edmonton and calgary.  (of course, it was kph, but the numbers were still fun to see.)
creeper can only come if she brings the precious! and lil' nugget.
@cb, what brought you to calgary all those years ago?  funny thing was for the '88 olympics was we actually had to truck snow in because it was so warm that year! ;)
calgary kitten corps con, at my house!!!
@cb, it would be great to have you too!  holy crap!  we'll have to start reserving rooms, and then calling couches... ;)
i was in calgary right before the winter olympics.  it was far then traveling from iowa.  it's even further from north carolina!  i'm going to have to see if i can get some sort of super saver air fare and convince the wife to let me come.  i don't usually plan such long trips and i almost never fly, but i would have to in order to go so far away.
hey cool cats!  so, its looking like it'll be on the 29th, we always try to have it on the saturday before halloween (to max out attendance).  i can't tell you guys how honored and gosh darn lucky i feel!  this is going to be amazing!  i think i'm going to have to kick it up a notch this year for sure... not sure how yet, but it'll happen, and it will be amazing! @zem, is it possible you could catch a bus to somewhere on lz's route and hitch a ride with lord and lady zombitten?
well... damn! now everyone's going to be there! now i really want to go to calgary with you all! https://www.youtube.com/watch… i wouldn't be able to drive up myself, but i'm way out of the way to carp-ool with anyone... see, vegas or new york worked great because people would be taking i-80 to get there right past me. i don't have a good cross-country car nor is driving alone that distance efficient for gas. hmm... i'll have to think about this one.
hmmmm...i wonder if i can convince creeper to come too.
hot damn! we gonna have the hot sauce king joining the party. i can't wait! i have an idea of what my costume should be. i just have to figure out how to make it. if i have someone else do it, it's going to cost a mint and i wanna use that money to buy some canadian syrup and other goodies.
if you have to ask what azans or azads is, it's a good bet you haven't been here on weekends. ;) i started it because i realized i could go on a full 24+ hour marathon of nothing but zem commenting every several hours. now i've realized the weekend lineup is just all zem all nite/day, so i made up the all zem all nite/day show. this weekend was special; we had special guest dr. lz, of hot sauce empire fame. he gave out free hot sauce codes to all in attendance. or at least promised to... ;)
yeah, the weather here is cold today when i'm in shorts, 75 tomorrow when i have to wear long pants for lab, 55 wednesday when i wear shorts, and back to the 60s after that. this weekend looks to be 70s through and through. it almost reached 80 yesterday, but i never left my room.
i'm waiting on bakhan to say what day the party is on, that way i can find out what i'm dressing up as...i'm going to need a long time to figure it out.
i see. well, the wife and i will most likely be coming. the kids...probably not
good question lz. i'm waiting on bakhan to tell me so that i can book my ticket.
okay, so what days is geist going to be in calgary?
will be nothing but 50's and nightly lows of 35. *sigh* and now all the cherry blossoms are gone thanks to gale force winds over the weekend.
*le sigh* love when you say one thing, and people hear a completely different thing....not doing the us payroll this week is going to wreak havoc on my mental stability. -.-
that is so weird!  it was 74 here on friday and low 60s yesterday, back up to 70 again today!  77 on friday! whoo hoo!  its only april!!!
well in my case, the stiff muscles come from acting like i'm a kid again and moving a bunch of boxes around in storage on saturday.  didn't notice it until yesterday, but my rate of analgesic consumption has increased markedly since then. no opioids though.  those things make me feel worse than the pain they're supposed to relieve.
on another note: winter is apparently back. had to run the heaters this weekend. at this rate i won't get a cheap electric bill until after june.
so many things...
@bakhan: lol! naughty kittens!
just another rousing day at morning wood acres... ;)
i know, that's part of the reason i left it in there. i was just going to say "another stiff day"
another stiff muscle day. i could interpret that so many ways.
all zebras adjust dockets secondly? ...now we're just stretching things here.
a zombie a day sauce...? ;)
azads stands for all zem all day show
all zombies are damn sweet?
the video should be done tomorrow, so it'll be launching soon
also, what does "azads" stand for?
@lz, i'm afraid i'll miss the launch of your hot sauce ks because i won't know it's coming.
morning kittens. another stiff muscle day. thankfully, all the demolition we needed to do(aside from under the washer and dryer) is done. and what's left will take all of 45mins to rip up, and 20min to remove all the staples they use to hold down the k3 flooring.
geist, that's all it is. started off just like a normal monday; couldn't fall asleep until about 4:30 for no reason whatsoever and now i get to deal with that all day.
good morning kittens! i've got the iron maiden concert on friday, thats what i've got!!! ;p
morning kittens. another work week. that's all i got.
not to further the spam, but i've made 13 comments today, now 14, to everyone else's combined 10. i blame the coffee, making me overactive. even with games, eating, youtube, and 2 movies, i commented a normal amount on a (to be fair, slightly more active than normal) sunday. ... shit, i just did it again!
oh, nearly forgot! finally watched the first 2 gamers movies with my roommate! good thing he finally wanted to before our one-off campaign next weekend which is in very large part inspired by the gamers. that makes like 8-10 times for dorkness rising within a month and a half or so, and now 3 times for the gamers! this is absolutely certainly the most i've ever seen a movie within such a short period of time! it's set the scene for the entire culture of this semester.
geist, pretty much nothing. that's all that's happened today. that and azads, of course, but that's where dr. lz revealed he'll have super secret codes for all the free hot sauce we could imagine.
65... 64 until dr. p. you're 1,037 behind creeper, so it would seem i was right about being the chosen one to unthrone her.
hot sauce and secret codes? what am i missing here?
okay, but how far until you overtake dr. p? he's the next for you to take, afterall.
in other news, i crossed less than 100 from you today, lz! that'll obviously fluctuate greatly this week, but i thought i'd check up on that.
woohoo! free hot sauce! ` wow, between several cups of coffee and the stress from taking on an actual city in mount&blade with four times as many fighters, the king's army itself, and the benefit of fortification, i'm shaking right now! i thought i'd just take a banana break and give myself some potassium and time to cool down. so much fun! i freaking love this game!
there will be codes, yes.
azads is the daytime talk show and azans is the late night variety show. i guess you're my talk show guest today. tell us all about your sauce! what inspired it, how it's so magically delicious, any codes we could use in the future to get a bottle for free... actually, forget the first two questions, just that third one is all that's important.
also, the only times it really burns out the other end is with really spicy stuff, more like the best pho ever type burn. that stuff is amazing going in, but when it comes out, you think your body is trying to contact satan or something. "and it burns burns burns, the ring of fire... the ring of fire."
that's why it's all nite; it's just a title, so i can get away with a daytime show even without a marathon. "no, it's the azans is not back. there's a special guest here!" so... it's not back? or there's a special guest star? ladies and gentlemen, mr. lz of hot sauce fame!
besides, it isn't anywhere close to night right now. if anything, it would be the azads.
no, it's the azans is not back. there's a special guest here!
i wouldn't be so concerned with mouth burns if i were you. it's the butt burns you have to watch out for.
i'm actually sweating from it! the sandwich started off normal, but the end had like 3 jalapeno slices per bit at least! ow. they're not hot peppers at all, but this... this is a new sort of dayum. ` so really, nobody's going to stop this tyranny? the reign of zem's comments is here to stay again? i mean, it hasn't been much time and on a weekend, but i guess the all zem all nite show is back!
oh wow... wow, they put way too many jalapenos on my sandwich! it's awesome! feel the non-political burn!  ... oh great, the soup i got today is spicy. well, see you guys when i get out of the hospital for severe burns to the mouth.
otherwise, i'm actually having a great morning! how about everyone else?
the followup was even more beautiful; a perfect example of how to abuse autotune in every possible way. it's not a bad tool in and of itself, but when it's used for the powers of evil, it creates an auditory balrog. the next 'song' was literally a repetitive 2-measure almost techno ditty (though i don't want to sully a type of music with some actual good hits with this thing) where he would only rap 2 syllables at a time. over. and over. and over. this is the type of thing they blast at guantanamo bay repeatedly for days on end along with "i love you" by barney and "panama" by van halen (which i wouldn't have any problems listening to full-blast like that at all) in order to break prisoners in interrogations.
the only thing more beautiful than the music somebody was blasting so loud from the bathroom you could hear it down over 30 feet of hallway and through the enclosed space of the bathroom and 2 thick fireproof doors was how out of tune the guy was singing along with it. the song was a rap song apparently inspired by the atonal movement, so the off-tune-ness of the accompaniment balanced it all out. he was exactly as off-tune as the song was abhorrent. i can't even find it. when i tried to find it, all i could find were 50 cent, eminem, and slipknot, which it was clearly not. i really hope he didn't have to pay to get that song.
@creeper: how is scrunchie doing?
it ended up being nothing- a truck that was unattended and running for a long period of time. yeahhhhhh...working a block from times square is a huge pain in the ass.
in other news: the wind is howling outside like something out of a horror movie. should i be reading in the dark? (i have a book light on to see, not x-ray vision)
@creeper: i tried an internet search and don't see any info on the evacuation. strange.
don't know why i've never seen catch me if you can before, but it was a really good movie!
really? evacuated for what? that sounds extreme! also, you work just a block away from times square? that's awesome.
huh.  bad thing about not watching actual tv- instead of just netflix--- times square was evacuated and i had no idea.  my work is a block away from there.  glad all is safe.
they're putting out the fourth now! it's on season 0, episodes like once a month or something. it's looking to be amazing! "when a monster comes along, you must stab it! when you find an evil throne, you must stab it!" ` he who pokes around with a stick in darkness is blind, but he who... sticks out in darkness is... fluorescent! ... lose 50 experience.
all three of the gamers movies are great. i think dorkness rising is my favorite, though. "really?! you wasted your one wish on an npc?! you could have been a god! i know mormons who would kill for that!"
i like how i make it sound like "yeah, it's about d&d, but other than that..." when really that's one of the things that gives extra depth to the comedy. plus, i mean, it's funny to anyone regardless of how they feel about it or anything in general!
also, for everyone into tabletop rpgs on here (i know there are a few of you), if you still haven't taken my advice and watched the gamers: dorkness rising, seriously, just do it! i've never seen a movie this much in a short period of time! it's about d&d, but the humor is so extensive and amazing!
i lay on the floor and talk to her sometimes.  but also happy to let her sleep alone in the bedroom.  doesn't have to worry about flies, other cats, loud noises.  it's super quiet and safe for her.  makes me happy. :)
wow, i want to see your jacket so i can be inawe as well! never done that before! sorry, couldn't help it. just show scrunchie all the well-wishes in the comments here. i'm sure that'll cheer her up. i know i'm pullin' for her. i'll send a get well soon balloon or something.  wow, reading back through that, it can either be just tongue-in-cheek joking, which is my intent, or absolutely condescending! i hope you're not in a bad mood so it doesn't sound rude!
scrunchie is back. :) she walks into bedroom, eats, sleep in there a few hours and leaves.  i wish i could administer some antibiotics for her.  that poor eye/sinus infection.
i wore my jacket out today- my coworkers were all inawe
"precio especial para tu edificio. ¡abre ahora!" ` ¡¿why... why the hell is time warner cable sending me a letter in spanish?!
how about the online version? we really need that. like pretendyoure.xyz for cards against humanity.
ken, it's in beta right now. there are still some junks they're working on, so it's hard to give an eta. my opinion is that it won't be horrendously long, though
any eta on the android version?
the unl newspapers, the daily nebraskan and the daily-er, combined into the half-asskaner! some of the articles are just genius! it's exactly like a cross between the onion and welcome to nightvale!  in fact, this... this article is exactly like welcome to nightvale! all it needs is "and now the weather." at the end! http://www.dailynebraskan.com/arts_and_entertainment/an-exclusive-q-a-with-the-silver-tree-by-andrews/article_09aa3ac4-f7aa-11e5-86f7-0f1606726a16.html
i think the beer may have clouded my judgement on those potato chips.
i am too because then there's a good chance someone's coming by my way to carpool with.
i'm still down for vegas con
also, i have something to tell you all. it's all a lie, me on here. my name, everything. i'm not who i say i am... i'm... a mattress from the planet sqornshellous zeta. you may have read about it in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, which i hear is fairly popular here. micah is my internet and legal name. i was on a ship that crashed on this planet a few years ago. i'm sorry if i disappointed you... ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` april fools! haha, got you! i know you were all so worried! you should have seen the looks on your feces! (faces! i meant faces! wow, one letter sure can change alot!)
calgary citten corps con! (that's only to make it a nicer cccc) if someone is willing to drive out to lonely ol' me in nebraska, i would love to come! though i have no money, not enough time around then due to classes... but i would still absolutely go up there! i can drive to make up for some of it! i think i have a passport already, would just have to find it. we always have them in case of vacation. i'll drive, bring awesome games, and in general do mattressy things!
yea, it's a bummer that canada makes you show a passport now but i needed one anyway. i might be going to kenya next year
that would mean i'd have to get a passport, huh? stupid new laws....*grumble grumble groan*
have a great weekend kittens!
@lz, we'd love to have you!  that would be a really nice drive actually, beautiful country on the way here for sure!
if i can make it, i'll be driving.
yeah, that sucks that we're on opposite sides of the continent... but you don't want to make sad cat even sadder do you? ;)
if you lived more eastern, i'd say geist, potatten and i would just drive up.
n'aaaweewwwewwweweeeww
@gm, you know thats how we roll... ;)
@bakhan: that was just fighting dirty. :p
i'll also put this out there creeper, all you have to do is get here, we'll look after you from that point!  i know its still expensive for the flight but, thats all you would have to cover. ;)
@creeper, perhaps this picture will help change your mind? http://globalnews.ca/news/1440433/purrmanently-sad-cat-the-adorable-kitten-that-will-break-your-heart/
@creeper: it's going to be in october. surely you can come then?
i'm broke af.  but i appreciate the invite!
if creeper comes up too, we're going to have to get some shirts made up!  calgary kitten corps con! whoo hoo!  i'm thinking like the old school metal shirts except instead of the black sleeves, flannel ones!
now that would be interesting to have lz there. maybe even creeper since she is closer to canada than me. heck, i might travel to ny and catch a plane from there to calgary.
@gm, i hear that, i'm still paying off our three disney trips last year... in retrospect i'm glad we did that last year, instead of waiting for this year anyways.
traveling south this year is bad for both of us. i'm still paying off the vegas trip. >.<
what is the largest gathering of kc members yet?  we gotta make it in calgary!  mostly cause i can't afford to travel south this year... :(
@lz, oh snap! that would be so amazing!  i'm so using you sauce on my chilli cheese loaf this year!
i wish i could go up there when geist does. we'll see...
i think i may finally be able to catch up on sleep after this week! i'm like a full day behind now.
if you drive me up and back, i'll come with! also, i don't have enough money for gas, but i'll say a joke or something every once in awhile to make it worth taking me. and i can bring some freaking awesome games along with. see? totally worth coming just a few hundred miles out of your way!
i must be a riot then! i'm rarely ever bored(and usually only because i really don't want to be wherever i am at the time).
@geist, and gm, okay, well we'll play lots of ek then!  and decorating cookies and such! ;)  i've got a pretty sweet 3d tv we could check out a movie or two...  we'll have a good time, of that i have no doubt!  its like they say, you can never be bored if you're never boring! ;p
night life? what's that? (last time i was at a bar was my friends 18th birthday...back in 2006).
ain't no party like an ek party cause an ek party goes boom! lol! i'm not much of a party girl anymore but there has to be some fun stuff to see at night. plus, i can try my hand at being a wing man for gm.
@geist, we've got lots of time to figure out some fun stuff for you to do.  i will also be quite busy prepping for the halloween party as well so we'll have to see if gm can help show you the night life part, i hardly ever go to a bar, unless my bands playing there... ;)  we'll have to squeeze in some ek as well!  ain't no party like an ek party cause an ek party goes boom!
@gm, that name has always killed me!  great canadian pizza, as opposed to, not so bad canadian pizza, or the better than average canadian pizza, joint.  lolz! ;)  i should have gone for a donair... hit up a&w instead.  onion rings were on point today though... ;)
public speaking is a piece of cake.  i actually psyche myself up by thinking about how most people would rather die... its like an ego boost i guess.  speaches are easy peasy, three parts, first part, introduction and a brief overview of the subject at hand, bullet style points, second fill in the bullet points, third review and summary.  if you know what you're talking about, what dale carnegie would call speaking with authority, you've got it made.  no point in the notes unless, its that technical that you need them for formulas, etc., but for the most part, notes make you look less prepared (even though thats counter intuitive).
also...the great canadian pizza place near my work has amazing donairs. the "medium" is massive, i could go for a nap right now. it was so good, but so filling.
well shit...just looked at her profile, and there is one i really wish i had gotten in on. the artwork is amazing! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jessicafeinberg/spirit-dragons-playing-cards-and-book/updates
i take that back. she is currently at 1,588 backed campaigns.
@gm: look under the comments section in the exploding puppies campaign.
all you need to do for leo is put stuff in one end and clean up what comes out the other! he's a cute little decomposition factory!
and the animal soul was a splurge, and i shouldn't have spent money on it...  i didn't need it.  but i thought the photographs were so beautiful... the photographer just barely made the funding goal, so i'm happy i helped.
i love seeing explaitten on other projects.  she'll always say hello.    anyone wanna play a round of ek right now?
did you guys see the rei april fools?  kitten camping gear!!! i'm lucky that i do enjoy public speaking.  i still get nervous and forget to breathe a little, but i like an audience. :) yeah, i really have to be careful about ks.  i backed a friend's project- the notebook.  she's an awesome client of mine, and actually i do think the notebook will help me get my act together for my business.    i'll probably drop the gilmore girls cookbook - but i love that show! i am broke.  i need baking clients soon.  i haven't been able to work as much, and going home hurt me.  ooof.  leonidas kinda emptied my bank account!  but i think his expenses have pretty much dropped off since he now has all his shots, microchip, neutered...  just nomz and litter from here on out!
haha! even the weather's in on april fools! it's 43 degrees; it's trying to rain, but it's coming down slowly like rain and half of it is frozen like tiny hail and bounces off the window!
my notes when speaking are just the very major points. i basically write out the entire speech either in my head or on a computer if needed like for a class, then virtually memorize it and only even use notes if i don't have it very well memorized already, and then they're just the absolute major topic points and i have all the details in my head. doesn't stop me from still going way under time.
haha! thinkgeek has a lifesize attack on titan lawn ornament, a flavor of the day desk calendar, and an actual plumbus, as seen on tv! (rick and morty counts as 'as seen on tv', ok?) though google's cardboard plastic is right up there! i wonder what reddit came up with this time? the button will be a very hard act to follow!
i don't use extensive notes when speaking in public.  my notes are more like a roadmap to keep me from getting lost and never reaching my conclusion.
i've only made time in a speech like 3 times ever.
if you're looking for some great april fools things, thinkgeek always has some amazing ones! you can check thinkgeek.com or... just go to their youtube channel and watch through the playlist of their recent uploads. trust me, it's... some of these are the best they've had since the lifesize eye of mordor tower model!
i, surprisingly, don't have a problem with public speaking. it annoys my wife when we have to talk in church. she'll write her talk out word for word, using several pages, and usually fall short of her allotted time. i get up with a half page of notes and go over my time.
gm, on the kittencorps comment leaderboard dropbox, you can go to any of the peoples' profiles. i used to use it to find people who hadn't been on in awhile. ` i need to cut back, but i don't do many ks's, so i'm good there.
also, least cat-like cat means not being hyper? our cat was exactly like a human in every way i could think of. when she wanted food from the table when we ate outside, she hardly even meowed; only sat in a chair and poked her nose in our direction implying she wanted food! she was like a grumpy old lady chasing young'uns off her property.
bakhan: "did you know more people would rather die, than speak in public?" yes... yes i did know that. very... very... well, in fact. i went from speech class in high school to communications in college without even doing a speech in front of a small group of people i knew. then, with a small-ish group of friend-strangers, i had to do it again and was reminded all over of how much i would rather die a very painful death of a chronic degenerative disease than have to do a major, official speech to public. and trust me, that's very little, if at all, exaggerating.
hmm ... lots of comments about cutting back, but no really cool suggestions. actually, i had pledged for about three ks's i was not really sure about when i ran into a more expensive one that interested me.  i decided to drop those three to pledge for the other one,
@geist: i don't think i've seen her profile before. and not sure where i would go to find it.
i keep finding interesting kss because of facebook. i must not give in, though. the wife would kill me.
@gm: never look at explainetten's profile. i think she is past 1,200 backed campaigns.
@bakhan: you are too kind. if you let me crash at your house, you will have done enough. just point me in the direction of interesting things to visit while in canada (like museums, bookstores, night life) and i'll be happy! i'll have to do something nice for you and the missus for hosting me.
@geist, good call!  you know once you're here, its all covered though right?  your money will be no good!  unless you want some trinkets to remember calgary/canada by... ;)  trinkets trinkets!
i'm trying to cut back...i should stop looking at other people's profiles...that's my downfall.
trying to cut back on the ks campaigns. need to save up for halloween.
@cb, good day sir!  i'm actually actively trying not to find any intersting ks, but sadly theres always one (or more...).  ;)
good afternoon kittens. i've been looking around for an interesting ks to back, but so far no luck.  not even any "april fools" kickstarters. (sigh)
@creeper, thats what makes cats the best, is all the random stuff they get up to.  our cat is the least cat like cat i've ever had, i blame my wife entirely... ;)  she never runs around, never flashes claws or gets hyper, she pretty much just walks around and complains about everything.  probably the noisiest cat i've ever known, which in the wee hours of the morning, is not a good thing. if wearing the ring makes you feel good, do it!  its not like you're hurting anyone!  absolutely nothing wrong with taking pleasure in simple things if you can!
@creeper: leo seems to not mind being an only kitten. if i ever adopted again, it would have to be two cats so that they could keep each other company when i'm not there. otherwise, i'd feel so guilty all the time.
....i have a fake wedding ring on that i wore to the wedding expo last night.  i don't want to take it off!
leo is absentmindedly running laps in kitchen in living room through an obstacle course of amazon boxes and luggage.  then he spring-loads off my lap every turn around.
thanks bakhan.  she's faring better today than yesterday.  i really thought last night going to be the end.  but she heard me talking to leo, got out of shelter and meowed for food- so definitely a good sign.  she's sleeping under the bed now- and yes-  i spray cleaner, flea spray, etc after she leaves.
it's not a magical jacket that will wipe your ass for you. now there is a ks campaign i would back.
@gm, not surprising, you do tend to be very level headed, and good at listening.  probably also why you get so frustrated when people are too lazy to do thier part! ;)
my pillows stayed inflated all night while i drunkenly slept on one.  :) that being said- i know some people got some duds.  and that sucks.  as well as the varying sizes.  i *do* consider myself lucky that i don't have any issues.
gm- their communication does totally suck.  no arguement there.  the hoodie fits better than the bomber- but not by a huge amount.  my eye covers stay up, neck pillows stay inflated.  rolts pointed out the second button and tiny button loop on the hoodie and in using that, the pillow stays in the hood as need be.  i'm still adjusting to reaching behind and figuring out how to untuck it easily- but it's just me getting used to it.   i think there just a lot of learning that comes with it, and after wearing it a bit, it will come as second nature. leo does not want to get into the kitten pocket. drink cozy pocket fits fine, the extended gloves i'm sleeve are easy to put back- i'm not sure why some people are being hypercritical.  it's not a magical jacket that will wipe your ass for you. i really like the pen zipper! the pen actually extends out which i wasn't expecting.
so...my boss had us do a personality test thing...and i'm the mediator out of the group.
@geist, good morning! @zem, we are who we are, ands thats a good thing!  if we were all the same, it would be a pretty boring place!  recognizing who we are, and being aware of how that affects others, is what matters.  no one is 100% on way or the other, there are lots of grey areas (thankfully), developing yourself and working on the things that you know you need to be better at is whats important.  i was the same when i was young, we moved around quite a bit, and i found that it got harder and harder to make friends, especially when i didn't know how long i would even be there for.  i think that as we get older, we get more comfortable in our skin, and with who we are.  for me, it was stability, once i was able to put down some roots, i was able to be more social again.  i've always relished being successful at things that others are scared of, like public speaking, presentations, or perfoming.  did you know more people would rather die, than speak in public?  getting into music and playing/singing in bands definitely helped kicked me the rest of the way out of introvertedness. creeper, sorry to hear about scrunchie, thats got to be tough, but at least someone cares about her well being, and that counts for a lot!  also glad to hear that you got your jacket!
also, good morning kittens.
@creeper: glad to hear you like the jacket. the primary focus has been that you can't really keep the neck pillow in the hood, as it's not built in(as it was originally said it would be), the eye cover not staying in when you have the hood up, and the bombers which seem to be of such varying sizing even for ones that were ordered as the same size. not to mention the lack of communication, the disregard for their own promise(backers will receive them before any third party, i.e. touch of modern, ebags, etc). that's the main issue i have with it. i've heard mostly good things about the blazer...but we will see when it shows up.
and scrunchie is here!  just opened up back door and she came in---again, can't walk very well, probably going to lose her eye.  ugh.  killing me.
and by pass out--- still fully clothed with a flower crown in my hair.  free wine bar is dangerous.
oh man.  gm will love to know that i put on my fancy hoodie last night, eye cover, neck pillow and passed out in it.  i'm sure leo thought i was dead because i was woken up by him pouncing on me.
yeah, i was pretty much on the edge of n and s, but especially j and p. i actually shift between judging and perceiving quite often. ` bakhan, i would definitely prefer extroverted, but my brain doesn't allow it. i've definitely done well at being more social than when i was younger, but it's pretty hard.  funnily enough, in younger elementary school, i was entirely extroverted. but then all of my closest friends moved away and i was the one in a small school who didn't fit into any other groups, so i gradually became severely introverted over a couple years as everyone else became more middle-schooler-ish. i just waited it out until they became more sensible in late high school, and it worked, but i also took a major swing from very sociable to reserved, and now i've been trying to at some level counteract that for years.
morning kittens!
@lz, my comparison isn't exact, but its hard to put a finger on that flavour exactly.  you are not alone, i know many people that like them, but that salt and vinegar flavour coming through is what ruins it for me.  i've always prefered doritos (any kind)!
maybe they changed the recipe when they brought them here. i like bbq chips, but i can't stand salt and vinegar chips.
good morning kittens! all dressed chips are nasty!  if you imagine what it would be like to mix bbq and salt 'n' vinegar chips together, thats pretty much what you'd get.  i happen to like niether of those on thier own, so... entj-a is what i got.  makes sense i guess.  i was more introverted when i was younger.  when i hit my 20's i realized that i was just hiding away from the world, rather than trying to make it better.  it makes me feel better to get out and make a difference, or even just make noise (band). ;)
istj  that's what i got.
good morning all. yeah for scrunchie, jackets, booze, dressing up potato chips,  personality tests, and google being a thing!
i remembered that google is a thing, so i checked. i'm on the cusp of intj and istj, but leaning toward n. i can see that in myself, too. i feel like i have a good balance between sensing and intuition.
that's right. whatever the s is, i got that once. the other 4 tests i've taken have put me as intj.
looking at all-dressing potato chips: oh dear god where have those been all my life? time for bed. i really need sleep tonight.
you mean t and f? thinking and feeling are the pair. i'm definitely not too feeling. i was 98% introverted, 63% intuitive, 64% thinking, and 59% judging. the descriptions leaned heavily on the judging aspect for awhile, which i can be very good at, but also am trying to be more feeling because otherwise you come off as strange and insensitive. i keep logic in thinking, but exchange some judging for emotional capability in the j category, which is why it was the lowest by far. (but jeez! 98% i! i know i'm very strongly introverted, but that might be a bit excessive, even for me. i'm no social butterfly, but i'm not *that* sociopathic... right? ;)
no, i only had a pint and a half of beer. dressed up potato chips are apparently a canadian thing. they're yummy. i'm also intj, though i sometimes get insj... i usually get the t, though. so, i think i'm intj, but on the cusp between s and t. i promise i'm not drunk.
don't worry, i got that, creeper. i'm pullin' for scrunchie. and the precious mk. ii.
but you guys....  scrunchie is ok and i have my jacket.
not you too, lz. are you absolutely hammered out of your mind as well? dressed-up potato chips?!
i live my jacket! jacket is love. jacket is life. ` also, just took a personality test for a survey- apparently i'm the rarest type, intj. of course i of all people would pick a type comprised of only 2% of all humans. it does give an excuse for not having a girlfriend, though, since intj women only make up 0.8% of people. somehow, and this fits really well, we're incredibly imaginative, yet incredibly analytical and cynical-minded. and not at all creative! we can dream up astounding things, but are also more judging about them and anything in reality. people of this type: putin, beethoven, nolan, nietzsche, colin powell, and... schwarzenegger?! walter white, gandalf the grey, the architect (the matrix), and surprisingly not sherlock holmes; he's on the very disputed edge of intj and intp, but he fits more into intp because of his extroverted intuition or something. not quite clear on that.
another thing: all dressed up potato chips are yummy things.
ok.  scrunch update-  my roommate said she disappeared and then came back for food so that's good! i went to a wedding expo.  am hammered.  lots of free stuff.  got my hair did and my nails did. gm i got my jackets and i dont know whatvpeople are bitching about i live them
is it sad that my own book makes me a little sad in places?
there's kielbasa in the casserole
that all just sounds amazing, and i even just ate! dang it, now i want to eat again!
or on brats. or reubens. or with kielbasa.  or corned beef. or on burgers.
potato and sauerkraut casserole?   hellsyeah!!!!!.  loves me some sauerkraut.  i like to put a can in the fridge and eat it cold, right out of the can.
potato and sauerkraut casserole? eww. maybe mixed with meat it would taste ok.
i like how i can't drink, yet i know those were made to be together. i know more about alcohol varieties, actually, than a large portion of people who've been well acquainted with it for years. i'll be set for life in a little over a year!
i didn't know what dinner was, so i drank the beer first. then i discovered that dinner is a potato and sauerkraut casserole with a side of cheddar and broccoli rice. beer would have gone great with this dinner!
chinese does sound great. so does sleep, but now it's too late and it'll only make it harder to sleep later on.
@trinkets: i spent most of the day at the bookstore. found some good deals. chinese food sounds great! no dishes to clean up.
it's goin' home time! i get the next two or three hours to myself. sounds like a good time to kick back with a brew and watch some coupling and then work on editing my book.
sometimes i feel like this: http://dilbert.com/strip/1994-02-19 ` and yes, i do have a perfect memory of, among many, many others, every dilbert, far side, calvin & hobbes, and foxtrot comics and use them as references and jokes like this often. i just think of a random comic at some time like i did now and look it up to link to it. dilbert just happens to be great at describing life, especially in an office, especially for engineers (or other nerds/geeks/scientists)
so i got done with a quick, easy lab, went up to the instrumentation center to run some nmr tests on stuff, walked all the way, 0.43 mi., back to my dorm, realized i forgot to pick up the printed sheets, walked all the way back, back up to the 4th floor, picked them up, helped a friend with theirs, and then all the way back to my dorm again. it's just that kind of day; a "oh, i need the exercise; let's forget something because i'm tired and triple my journey to 12 floors and 1.3 mi!" kind of day.
@geist, my folks and me plus the wifey went to a chinese restaurant for easter.  it was fantastic. how was your easter?
cats are pretty darn tough. they can get through some pretty intense stuff, but they feel like hell in the meantime. oh gosh, i'm so looking forward to a nap later! i just gotta get through lab... the lab he didn't tell us which one we were doing so now i have no idea and will have to try to keep up as i go.  i thought it might be a certain one, but when i looked at it, it turned out it'd release fluorine gas. if you don't know, that's basically throwing an extremely flammable, incredibly reactive poison/acid in the air. yeah, i doubt it's that one. you actually need special fume hood filters to be able to work with that.
yeah.  i'm comfortable with the decision.  just wish it were quick or i could get a vet to come to my place to help.  if i took her in somewhere, she'd be scared.  best to let her sleep in the garden next to the gnomes and rose bush.
@creeper: unfortunately, sometimes it's best to let nature do its thing. no matter how hard it is to allow that. =/
i think i need to let nature take over.  i can't risk transmitting anything to leonidas, and i just can't afford any more vet bills.  there's a place i could cab it to, that will do some good samaritan work, but meds, repeated doses- that's hard to do on a feral cat.
i propose a happy day: a day on the first day of the month to drink and relax away the stress of the end of the month. ` i know how you feel, though. i literally dreamed last night of getting drunk on... was it like peach vodka or something?!?! someone needs to remind my brain i have a year and 2 months until i can drink.
*sigh* don't you just love the chaos of month end close? it's the reason why happy hour was invented although it really should be happy 8 hours.
in catton? in cate? in... how do you make that one work?!
are you going to take a list of symptoms and pictures or actually try to lock her up and bring her to the vet in person? sorry, in cat.
*sigh* i think scrunchie came home so she can feel safe and finally sleep.  she's not doing well.  outside.  let me pet her.  :( i have to go to doctors and do something.  will be back tonight.  am heartbroken.
did you say... oh, nope, zen-like. dang it, bakhan, don't fake a summoning like that! ` "well you know how you walked us through everything from the big bang to how wide this pipe should be? well, we thought our team's combined experience of not even as long as yours alone would be sufficient, voted you off the island, and now something's not working. we'll buy you a beer if you fix it for us." at least, that's how all those calls should end for you! ;)
@lz, there are certain times that my zen-like outer appearance is temporarily shaken... ;)  i've been trying to be a good boy for the last 7 or so years (since i started dating my wife)... ;
heya creeper!
hi, creeper!
i feel like if their complaint begins with the words, "we didn't do it the way you said to and..." you should be entitled to hang up on them and either receive monetary compensation or be allowed to use a little violence against their stupid faces.
hi guys
my favourite is when people say "but i've always done it that way" or "i've been doing it that way for 40 years..."  hate to tell you, but you have a long history of doing it wrong!!!  the worst part is, i literally give them a plumb by numbers drawing, show exactly where components go, what speeds to set the pumps to, what pipe diameters and spacing etc., and they still mess it up!  "we're having a problem with that job you did up for us", oh whats that?, "well we didn't do it the way you said and now blah blah blah".  uh huh. sigh.
@bakhan: sounds like every second week, when the other payroll coordinator does the salary payroll for one of the pay runs...the attention to detail isn't there either(when creating the batch it quite clearly says "(location) salary"...got the question of "why isn't their salary showing up?", half a second glance and i saw 3 names[should have been only one] and knew it was the wrong filter selected). always a question of "what dates are we using for this?"...the same dates as it auto populates with. "who are the managers?"...the ones on the sheet that is hanging on the door of your desks cupboard.
@gm, welcome to my everyday... ;)  seriously, its a struggle.  when i was first learning this job it was fun (i like to learn things, weird i know), but now, the challange is gone, and the training is done, there is no room to move up in my organization.  there are very few things i haven't done in my line of work and i have to explain things to people that can't understand what i'm talking about.  sound familiar? ;)
today seems like it will be a long day. i have practically no motivation to do work today.
" i am up really late, up early, and get sleepy for a noon is nap." is that a riddle? ooh! ooh! is it me?! that sounds exactly like me! ` between my roommate doing homework until 2 am with a really bright computer screen last night (i don't even know how he could see it with it so bright and the room so dark; he should have dimmed the display) and waking up at 6 and not being able to go back to sleep for an hour or so for no reason at all, i only got like 4-5 hours of sleep. this is gonna be a good day...
morning kittens. saw a chameleon this morning.
good morning kittens!
morning trinkets. good to know you are still alive my friend. how was your easter?
good morning all.  i'm still alive.  things are just out of whack with my internal clock. being out of work this long is rough. i don't do as much durring the day, so i don't sleep at night. i am up really late, up early, and get sleepy for a noon is nap. hope everything is good with everyone.
actually, well first they're entirely different though i know it definitely borrowed from it, but second, that was where i'd heard of it! i showed my spanish teacher rat race and he remembered that movie. it seemed like a cross between rat race and the cannonball run, but in the 60s. and really funny, he said, which is all i'd expect from that kind of movie.
rat race was essentially a remake of it's a mad mad mad mad world. i wasn't all that surprised that she hadn't seen it; it was released in 1963.
now that i look into it, i've definitely heard of that before, but not too much. i might have to watch it here sometime. add it to my list of literally dozens of movies i really want to see.
no, never even heard of them! why is this new? why aren't they delivered fresh to my mouth/door every day?! i've never seen it before. but now i kinda want to see it. just from the google description, it sounds kinda like a different version of rat race.
i just made the wife watch it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world. she had never seen it before, which is a shame because it's a classic.
really? you just discovered pumpkin chocolate chip cookies last year? i've been eating those little pieces of heaven for over 20 years. i thought everyone knew of their deliciousness.
haha! this historical weapons channel on youtube i love right now is going through ww1 firearms in collaboration with another channel. this one's title: "small arms of wwi primer 022: german t-gewehr anti-tank rifle" "small". that thing is 5'5", 38 lb, and .52 caliber! (170 cm, 17 kg, 13.2 mm. either for canadian friends or just out of force of habit, is interesting to see the different measurements, and this gun was german to begin with, so metric) if a rifle, for anti-tank mind you, is bigger than some using it and kicks more than high-powered rifles when it has a bipod, that's some new definition of small i wasn't made aware of! just thought this was a funny thing i'd share with you. it's actually a great historical series and definitely worth checking out.
these chocolate chip pumpkin cookies my dining hall makes are the best! i was skeptical when i saw that kind of cookie at whatever themed dinner they debuted at last year, i think maybe the thanksgiving one, but judging by the fact they still make them after just that one time of trying them, i'm guessing i'm not the only one who got addicted to them. seriously, it sounds weird as heck, but these things are magical!
that's too bad, though usually just any medicine doesn't always work; you'd want a specific antibiotic anyways.
long naps are always good in theory and usually in practice, but you never know if you'll be able to sleep that night. an hour and a half nap today was perfect, but now i may have trouble sleeping and be even more tired tomorrow.
merp.  since its been mixed- only good for small amount of time.  never mind.  poor baby girl.  she's always had a rough life.
she'd hate me for sure, but once she felt better- fine by me.  i'm just going to leave her alone for now to calm down.  she's hiding under bed.  leo destroyed bathroom in under five minutes.  so i'm picking all that up.  *sigh*. i'm thankful i have a big sappy heart- but i wish i was a little more stern.  gonna let scrunchie warm up and calm down. she ate a decent amount of food.  i have kitty antibiotics that i kept in fridge, says it expires april of next year... but i guess won't help if i can't give to her regularly.
i can't think of a way to bring a stray cat to a vet that they won't hate you forever for doing, but sounds like she needs some antibiotics. hopefully it's not serious. ` lz, how about in switzerland? it's impossible to invade, so your castle is perfectly safe, an amazing economy, beautiful mountains to choose from to build the castle, already castles there to blend in with. only bad thing is i don't think they're too into hot sauce, but you'll be shipping billions of dollars' worth of sauce worldwide anyways within the year, so that shouldn't be a problem.
ohhhh...  :( scrunchie just showed up- don't see her very often anymore.  she must have an infection.  i'm so upset.  she walked right inside, meowing.  an eye infected, poor babe.  was able t close bedroom door without her freaking out.  she's eating some prescription pet food that i didn't give leo when he was first sick.  leo is flipping out in the bathroom,
i'll build my castle/factory just outside calgary and invite all my employee/friends to live with me there. everyone will have separate living quarters with their own entrances, etc. but it will all be in the castle. of course, everyone will have access to the communal rec area, complete with wet bar and billiards.
hehehehehe, zem.  exactly.  i know he's thinking that when he charges me.  still laying on kitchen floor.
zem, not quite. it's gotta be at least 40 for me. i need to get the sauce empire big enough to afford the exodus and keep me going after the exodus.
i call dibs on bakhan's bar and the basement.
this is playtime!!!
i meant to clean the kitchen, but am laying on kitchen floor playing with the spartan king.
wait wait wait...bakhan promised me a spare room for the exodus!
i think mother nature switch things around this year to mess with people. it's definitely looking like it's colder than normal in the east, and warmer than normal in the west.
i was freezing my ass off waiting for the bus after work today.  ended up taking a $19 cab home.  not amused.
so that's why you're going to canada, geist! bakhan! gm! don't let her stay too long!
looks like the exodus is closer to reality than i thought. http://www.npr.org/2016/03/30/472279572/do-americans-actually-follow-through-on-election-threats-to-move-to-canada
that's anytime it's not downpouring or way too far below freezing, from what i've been told. if you have a good leather jacket, you can go out anytime. actually, my mom's friends drove bikes all the way from i believe western nebraska to alaska one year. there's something for you to aspire to; weeks on end sitting on your butt with your arms extended. would've been cool, but so hard to drive that whole way across canada!
it's all about the motorcycle weather for me.
geist, it's 76 and going to rain today, so just wait and this weather will make it to you in just a couple days as it always does. i love heat, but i don't quite love summer here. it's super hot, usually up to 115 f (46 c) or even hotter, but it's always humid! especially in the 90s; it seems to be most humid when it's between 90 to 105 f here. it makes summer hell sometimes, especially when you have to work out in that heat index, which doesn't break a sweat getting to 120 or more on a good day. then again, i love all the seasons so much, and summer is certainly one of my favorites! such a fun season!
it was cold today when i stepped out the house. where are the 70 degree days? mother nature is acting like a shy school girl at her first high school dance.
@lz, that must be why we didn't really have a winter here.  there was only one week that i would consider to be cold (right around christmas), other than that, its been eriely warm.  going up to 70f tomorrow, which for this time of the year is crazy!  don't get me wrong though, i'll take it! ;)
i would like some summer. of course, spring has to come first. it seems hesitant to come. either that or winter got too drunk and is refusing to leave quietly.
morning kittens. its a day today for sure... arrggg!  as bad as i want it to be halloween, lets have summer first k? ;) i love me some summer!
@gm: i wish.
morning kittens. is it halloween yet?
hi bye.
@creeper: i'd love to meet little leo. he is a very handsome kitty. the other lady cats must be following him around. how is the other kitties? are they still using the shelters?
i love a kc meetup!  have fun geist!  i'm o my a short trip from dc you know!
morning kittens!
indeed. that was the case with my last two in a row.
or sometimes i do it when i forgot something in the previous comment and for some reason ks doesn't let you edit comments, so you need to add a new comment after to include that... thought... wait... oh my god! the irony!!! hahahaha!
maybe, but only when i usually follow my normal habit of combining up to 6 comments into one, realizing it's so damn long and nobody would read that, and splitting it up so it's manageable. otherwise, i usually put up to a couple full paragraphs in comments and haven't even had a run of really short ones in some time. } if i put every different topic in a new comment rather than doing the  ` thing to split it, i'd have passed you long ago, but i do it because people were annoyed that i'd commonly have 5 or 6 comments in a row to catch up on the conversation i'd missed.
okay, now i'm ahead of him. and you do 2 in a row all the time.
a... a whole hour before bed?! how should i celebrate?!?! out of most things i'd usually use to occupy time, definitely not doing work because this is magical... i think my only option is to play a game until 2 hours after i should have gone to sleep!
way to cheat with 2 in a row. maybe i should do 100 to catch up to you. remember when i was excited about being 2,000 behind you?! i'll beat you to first place though... also, you're only tied right now. dr. p! save yourself!!!!
i should be ahead of dr. potatten now.
meh! the only time it matters is if you have a general question that gets ignored. we diens really good job of handling those, though, and people still complained about the idle chatting.
idle chat is great, just not when it leaves literally 2 pages to catch up on from 3 people on one topic over just 1 hour. and yes, that happened.  otherwise, i love it! ` sorry, just got pulled into a livestream. i know it would happen and tried to check back here and failed.
i don't know why people get so bent out of shape over people chatting om places like this
not too bad.  just finished watching the charlotte hornets beat philadelphia.
i've been spending time in the olo project's comments.  someone mentioned that it's turned into a chat room ... like that's a bad thing!  hee hee.
huzzah! how's your late day today?
i'm here, zem.
it is kinda sad that pretty much the only time i'm on here, after like 3-4 pm central most days, nobody else is here.
those fries... i need them really really badly! https://d.wattpad.com/story_parts/54/images/14093cf464b375b7.gif
someone in the office is being mean. i smell french fries, but can't find them anywhere...and it's making me want some really badly.
... she suspects nothing! muhuahahahahahahaha!!!
well, she said at least i didn't seem like a stalker, so i got that going for me.
@lz, good luck bro!
@gm, still its kind of like, "well you're and axe murderer, but at least you're not a pedophile..." ummm thanks?
that would certainly make it awkward. but at least you know them and can trust them. or at least if trust isn't wholly in the equation, you know whom to hold responsible.
ultrasound is done. fingers crossed! i also refused the valium they offered. i didn't think it was necessary. i just talked with the doc and ma as it was being done. it was easy because we work together, which also made it awkward.
@bakhan: well, she was a nice girl...but she did kind of give off those...not quite right....vibes.
@gm, damn man, thats cold!  ;)
@cb, i think its more someone waving a knife around down there that makes me nervous... don't forget my wife is a doctor, so i've met lots of them, not exactly a confidence building exercise... ;)  i really wanted to make a comment on how using lamaze breathing techniques for that procedure was out of the box thinking... i wasn't going to, but i couldn't resist! ;p  but for realz, that is probably the best complitment a woman could give a man!
@lz: good luck with the ultrasound! @cb: i got the "well, at least you're not a stalker" after one date(that's as far as the relationship had went...never heard from her again).
@bakhan, i had it done years ago.  it wasn't that bad.  the anesthetic didn't remove all sensation and i refused the sedative they offered me because i had to drive myself home afterward.  i decided that if lamaze breathing could help my wife have a baby, it would probably work in this situation too.  it must have worked, because one of the nurses attending the procedure commented that i would be good at having a baby! can anyone think of a nicer comment a woman can make to a man?
that's why i got the snippety-snip. i didn't want any more, she would have been okay to try again. that, and essure failed, which in hindsight was probably good for her.
@cb, i hear that, my wife has been after me to get that done, and even though i have zero plans or desires to have children of my own, it freaks me out man!
@geist, we'll have to do some brain storming with gm and see what we can plan out.  i will have some free time in there for sure, but i will also be prepping for calgary's primier halloween party so, we'll need a plan for sure.  this is exciting!  maybe you should check out https://beta.travelalberta.com/us/places-to-go/southern-alberta/calgary/attractions/… and see if any of that strikes your fancy?  we should definitely plan on going to banff for a day trip somewhere in there, weather permiting of course.  definitely pack some warm clothes!  that time of year is really hard to gauge what it will be like, could be mild, could be freaking freezing!  i wouldn't really feel comfortable dropping you off randomly, this is a large city, and has all the up and downs of a large city.  its up to you of course, but we'll definitely need to plan some things out!  lots of stuff to see and do, and a really kick ass halloween party too i've heard... ;)
ok, that didn't come out right. that last sentence didn't either.
@bakhan: i just have to confirm the dates with you. all i need to be be dropped off in the middle of an interesting part of the city and i can entertain myself for hours.
thanks, guys
as for me, any time a doctor talks about going snip, snip "down there" it makes me nervous. all the best, lz.
@lz, oh jezzzuzzz!  i'm hoping for the best for you man!  fingers crossed its nothing serious!
@geist, whoo hoo!  plane tickets!!!  sh*ts getting real now... ;)  should probably start stock piling some maple syrup...
@gm: well i was planning on arriving october 29th and leaving on november 2nd. the round trip price (so far) is $428 with one layover.
@bakhan, no, it's testicular pain that is travelling into the abdomen. if they were bleeding, there'd be no way for the blood to get to the urine. there are unusual growths, though. that's what's got me wigging.
good day kittens! been super busy here, what economic turn down!? @lz, blood in your pee?  if not, it doesn't rule out "c" but it certainly cuts down the options.  are you / have you been experiencing back pain?  could be kidney stones... lots of options, lets be hopeful here.  don't forget you have a hot sauce empire to build here, no time to be sick!
thanks, zem. i needed a laugh. i'm kinda freaking out here. i hate that i have to wait until monday.
live action anime always just looks really weird and rarely works. i mean, when it does, it's really cool, but i dunno... not worth the risk to me, though i know with fullmetal alchemist it would sell instantly just for being what it is. ` chloroform, lz? i don't know, it seems like that would solve several problems on its own.
so i called the urologist who snipped me in '14 because of the pain. i was hoping for a "it's normal, just take these." instead, i get to have an ultrasound this afternoon and see the urologist on monday. let's hope he doesn't use the "c" word... :-[
does that mean i should plan some vacation days around that time? also, apparently the manga/anime fullmetal alchemist is getting a live action movie sometime in 2017.
thank you. narrows down my plane ticket search.
same as me, calgary.
@gm: what city does bakhan live in canada?
i would have no mercy if someone had that situation, the overpaid but didn't mention it until he got 10 cents/ hour taken off. i would lambast his paycheck until it was sorted out. then again, my day isn't going roses today either. oh well, shit's shit. but now at least thanks to you i can cross off a potential (not really) career from my options.
yup, that's the typical way with meat sacks. they tend to complain the second they are slighted, in the smallest way(yes the $0.10 adds up over time, but when it happened once, and say you are going to the labour board...he screwed himself over there), while if you are giving them more than they are supposed to, they lap it up like there is no tomorrow and don't speak about it.
isn't that just like people, though? to take advantage of someone or something in a big way and then have a cow over the slightest slight?
@cb: with what you said, i saw a few hoodies a while ago on my facebook feed(one of those suggested posts) that say: payroll coordinator - because freakin' miracle worker is not an official job title payroll coordinator - only because...full time multi tasking ninja is not an actual job title there was another, but you need to see the picture to get the full measure of it(it's like a whmis data sheet for payroll coordinators)
one of the ones i had to deal with, the guy was getting overpaid for ~4 pay cycles. he said nothing. we changed his rate when a rollback happened, we underpaid him $0.10/hr, he instantly brought it up. found out he owed us more than we owed him. got ~70% of it back before he finally quit.
and if your manager slow walks things, go over his head. i had a co-worker who was getting overpaid by quite a lot for a while. he brought it to our supervisor's attention every time, but it took a few months for anything to happen. when it did, it was our supervisor's boss who noticed it. they almost fired the guy and were considering fraud charges. fortunately, they got it sorted out. the guy kept his job and the money.
tip to everyone: if you are getting overpaid, bring it to you manager/payroll departments attention. better to have them take back the overpayment on the following check, rather than letting it go unmentioned for almost a year, and then having to repay it every pay for the next 2 years.
payroll processors are unsung heroes.  the only times they hear from us is when something happens and we don't receive our paychecks on time.  they can process everything without a hitch for years, but if a problem arises, we treat them rudely and blame them for our problems. here's to you, payroll processors, for all you do.  huzzah!
morning kittens. most of my duty for today is accomplished...until my manager gets in that is, and she looks over the payroll before i send it to the managers.
whoa! just checked and i'm only 130 comments behind lz! (as of this comment) not that you won't put me far behind today since i'll only have one or two chances to comment all day, i just remember when i was well over 1000 behind! also, you have 666...8 comments. hehe also, that means you're only 10 behind dr. p! if he hadn't come back, you'd already be 2nd! creeper is still handily in first with the lead she had before taking the new job that keeps her off here too much. geist, in the amount you've commented since everyone else left (you've obviously been the most active of any of us for some time now), you're just below me! though i have 4795 and i have 6563, so there's a gap. in case anyone wanted to check the list themselves for fun and i'm the only one still with the link: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/23263053/ek/topcommenters.html
morning, geist. tuesday. maybe i should start doing hard drugs. (my tuesdays, even without the first class for once, are absolute living hell)
morning kittens. month end check run day. so much fun. maybe i should bring jello shots to work today.
yes! i get to sleep in!... until the other time i normally wake up tomorrow. but hey, it's something!  and watching that last livestream, finishing an awesome game, left a hole in my heart and no time to work on lab. shoot. i still think they shouldn't have taken that ending.
i know a brewing company/restaurant that also makes its own root beer, and it's so good that alot of the people who would otherwise have had alcohol just go for the root beer. it's amazing and goes well with most of their really, really good menu.
@cb: now i will have to find that root beer and make a float. i'm not crazy about them but will have one with a really good vanilla ice cream
that's great. i love a good root beer. i'm something of a root beer snob. if it will give me a good buzz after a couple of bottles, all the better!
to me, it tastes like a really good brewed root beer.  it's easy to forget that it's actually alcoholic.  i can taste a hint of beer, but there are no hops used, so there is no bitterness at all.
i've seen that "root" beer. and tried a tiny bit. it's pretty good, but as you can tell by their sales which instantly took the hell off into space, it's made with some magic or something.
i've heard of that root beer. i want to give it a try.
@gm, most commenters agree with you about the olo.  they've raised a lot of excellent questions, but the response from the creative team has been rather slow.  it looks to me like another ks that could become a victim of its own success.
that 3-d printer looked sketchy when i first saw an add for it pop up on my facebook feed.
it had, like, 5.9% alcohol, but it was masked by the sweetness.
i tried something last saturday called "not your father's root beer."  it tasted great, but i had to stop after two bottles.  got to pick up a six-pack of that soon.
good afternoon kitties.  i have been hanging about on other campaigns today.  there's a 3d printer that's getting a bunch of pledges, but most of the comments are about what we don't know about the device.  interesting discussions though.
i haven't had an ipa. that's on the list, though. saturday was the first time i had tried a belgian white of any sort.
peppers in beer just sounds like salt on a watermelon; in theory, it sounds disgusting, but when you try it, at least i imagine based on what i've heard here, it makes it taste so much better. completely different.
@lz: if they make a belgian style ale, then i've probably had some. ipa beer is too hoppy for my taste. andrew divoff makes a spicy beer that he sells for charity.
hooray for july! then again, that's what both ek and clearly canadian (a drink not from kickstarter, but had their own ks-like campaign) said. ek just barely made good on that, which is astounding considering the surprising scale they needed, but cc (with similar problems, but are less able to control what's going on due to their manufacturers) is still going about it. in short, let's just hope your hot sauce company explodes but you can control the outcome.
unless you just don't like shock top... of course, the pepper flakes make it a lot less bitey.
never had it that way. i will have to give it a shot sometime. probably not until after the renovations are done at home(by the way, i do not recommend ripping up linoleum and the k-2 flooring that is under it when you haven't done much of that type of work before...my hands are still sore from the reverberations of the crowbar that was used to pry up the wood)
that's what i thought at first, but it was soooo good!
a shock top with crushed red pepper in it ewww
zem, i'm hoping by july. gm, go home and have a shock top with crushed red pepper in it.
could always complain to the manager. i've done that, and now i know they ring the doorbell whenever they come by my place. that, and since my dad is retired and home 90% of the time, we don't need to worry.
@geist, i have that problem with most of the courier services, even the post office.  the few times that i've been home during the week when they come to the house, the only reason i knew they were there was because of my dog barking at the door.  i've got one of the obnoxiously loud and long door bells, so i know damn well they didn't even bother ringing... oh well, what can you do?
@geist: i would rather not use fedex, but wells fargo uses them, and we don't get a say in it. considering we've have admins watch the fedex truck drive into the yard, stop for a second looking at the address on the package, then turn around and leave(with payroll documents in the package), i would prefer something else.
i don't like using fedex. they will claim to have something delivered to your apartment but don't actually make an effort to leave the package, just a note.
@gm, for gov't workers and bankers it is... for us working stiffs, not so much.  but its up to you of course... ;)
argh! i hate fedex, and when people that know about a screw up don't fix it right away. is it drinking time yet?
hola, kool kats. another normal week. only a month of classes and an extra 2 weeks after that. you'd think i'd be excited, but then again, remember all that work i didn't get done over break? yeah, got that to do some time. super cold in my room somehow to start the day, all the windows are shut except for a .5 mm opening in one that lets no air in. not a good sign, but it'll be 70 before the day is out, and i won't be my normal morning self, so i might actually complain about not enough cold then. i only hate cold in the mornings.
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. another work week and month end to boot.
just gonna leave this here: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey, lz, how long you think until the campaign and subsequently shipping out the bottles of liquid gold? i'm just about out and am even starting to think about shelf life of a semi-frequently opened bottle. (mine were all left unrefrigerated, i think, all last week and looked weird, but that could just be because they separated)
on top of that, i didn't get any of that work done that i needed to. i hardly had any time, and i was already set back on other things i needed to get caught up on, so homework got pushed aside. welp, there goes a weekend later on.
grrr... last day of vacation is always the worst...
those that celebrate? i know devout atheists that celebrate easter because you get to be with your family and it's an excuse to eat tons of good food and cheap candy.
lol@pot: as luck would have it, i just started reading world war z
the anniversary of the zombie jesus rising from his tomb is upon us. run! run for your lives!
happy easter kittens to those that celebrate this holiday
7 miles sounds normal to me. at least walking. running... yeah, no. ` dang it, 27 hours! well, folks, that's the new azans marathon record!
thing i learned today: walking 7 miles in one day produces sore legs later.
thing i learned today: mixing crushed red pepper into your shock top makes for a damn delicious drink.
woohoo! 25 hours straight! this is the most successful azans marathon of all time!!!  i'd like to thank my family for believing in me, my bed for giving me a place to sleep, my toilet for taking my shit, mark iplier for doing a charity livestream today and occupying like 6 hours of my time, and mount & blade warband for doing so after the stream ended.
woo, on hour 19 of the all azans marathon part 2! i mean, sure hours 4-19 were really dull and in fact i even left you guys and went to bed, but it's a good marathon anyways! leftover cinnamon rolls from yesterday's donut run time!!! ` also, saw the new pee wee movie last night. it's obviously not as good as pee wee's big adventure, but it was actually pretty darn good and easily better than pee wee's big top.
i guess i should be on now then? okay, the all zem all nite show returns! last time on azans: it was me talking to myself. i think i remember it was actually really interesting stuff for the most part. about 8-10 comments if i remember right. and i do know for sure geist interrupted me not a full 2 hours before my 24-hour marathon of only azans had completed.
even i haven't been on much today at all. granted until my previous post i was away all morning.
actually, i was trying to finish up a project before the cfo started asking me about it. since the president's death, i've decided i would be more proactive about my duties.
wow, not many people on kickstarter today.  i'm monitoring several campaigns and they all seem to be in the doldrums.  i wonder if that's the easter weekend effect.
i'm going to be joining my walking group, shopping for grocery's, finishing up spring cleaning and getting ready for the following week.
i guess it's not a pet, but my grandpa is in serious condition now too; he had a major subdural hematoma (bleeding in the brain) that was drained and now filled back up because his brain didn't fill the space. oh well, he's not the one to let a pool of blood in his brain stop him and he seems to be recovering well enough so far for an 86 year old. ` in other news, thanks for reminding me it's already friday. dang. my week off went by so quickly! we don't even get the day after easter off for vacation, which will suck for everyone who wants to celebrate with their family.
i'm going to be working on the car my friend and i are restoring
hi everyone.  anybody got plans for the weekend?
yeah, that's what i should have done. i'm too nice
@lz: then that person would have been sleeping on the porch.
you guys, i'm seriously. if you are going to crash at a friend's house for a couple of nights, show up before freaking 2:30 in the freaking morning!
morning kittens. it's friday, finally.
ahh. currently 70 degrees, feels like 80. relaxing at home with the windows town open.
do they ever check here anymore? i'd like to think so, but then again all this time without once actually jumping in would just be sad. not as sad as someone making a fake ek app for no apparent reason, but sad nonetheless.
@geist, i figure they'll see it here.
the one on android is described as whack-a-mole.
@geist, i'm sure that they know, its been out for a long time now.  since shortly after the card game came out.  its nothing like ek though.
holy crap. someone has nothing better to do but to make a copy cat version of the game. @cb: did you let the folks at the real ek know?
@cb, thats the way we still play, until the app has internet conectivity i can't see using it.  my wife, thankfully, loves the card game!
it's really frustrating because she liked the card game so well during beta testing.  maybe i should get one of our decks out so we can do it "old school" for a while.
@cb, damn that sounds painful!  my wife also has limited patience with "computer problems" just last night the remote for the apple tv went flying because she couldn't get it to connect, turns out it was nothing to do with the apple tv and everything to do with the wifi, unplug, replug, problem solved... but the moment was lost...
@cb: yeah, i've seen one similar to that. it's actually called exploding kittens, and it's by aztech films, so it could really mess with people who want to android app right away.
hi everyone.  i tried playing ek with my wife on our iphones last night, but failed.  i knew she had downloaded the game because i had asked her to do it a few days earlier.  however, when she started the game, she had trouble setting up her nickname.  it seemed that every name she tried was already taken.  i thought that was strange, because i haven't seen anyone else having that problem no matter what nickname they chose, even if that name was not unique. after a while, i could see she was getting frustrated, so i offered to help.  the graphics on her game were all strange and didn't look like anything drawn by the oatmeal.  in addition to that, when i cancelled the game and looked for the icon on her phone to start it up again, all i could find was some cartoonish icon that didn't look at all like what i was expecting. then i looked at the name of the app: "exploding kitten."  there's an impostor out there, folks. i downloaded the "correct" game (exploding kittens), but by then the moment was lost.  i'm going to wait a day or two before trying again.  my wife has little patience with "computer problems."
i do not have enough money for the amount of amazing movies coming out this year.
oh, that's today? i'm several movies behind. i still haven't even seen the revenant. or zoolander 2. there was another i needed to see as well, but i forget now.
in other news, i completely forgot that the new superman movie is out today. if it weren't for the fact that i have a commitment saturday morning, i'd be in the theater 9 am on saturday watching it. i'm really curious how they introduce wonder woman and aquaman to the story.
@pot, i know.  i was just trying to give you an opportunity to talk about it, if you wanted to.  i didn't mean to come off as being insensitive, i'm sorry if i seemd that way.  i think its much too early to have a new dog conversation.  you'll know when and / or if its time.  i think the best thing to do is share your favorite stories and try to remember the good times, best way to honor the passed in my opinion.  gone, but not forgotten, loved so not lost.
i understand pot. it's one of the reasons why i don't want another kitty. i would always think about my other two and i would be sad about that. not saying it won't happen in the future, i just don't see it happening now.
i'm sure you know.  there's a dog shaped hole in our house right now, bakhan. but it'll get smaller as the days pass.  my wife is talking about wanting a new dog, but i'm trying to talk her out of it.  the process of being a responsible pet owner is incredibly hard on me.
@pot, good morning sir!  i'm hanging in today, can't wait for the weekend, i need some sleep!  hows your family doing today?
hi everyone.   @trinkets, thank you. so how is everyone today?
@geist, its almost there, its breathing heavy anyways... ;)
are you there weekend? it's me, geist.
good morning kittens!
my deepest sympathy,  pot.
aaw, he was a fighter. or had a previous history with drugs, you never can tell with some dogs...  but i'm sorry. we all know what you're going through, so we're here for you. so many fur babies to add to the memorial this past year. too many. poor pets. here's to the hopes we'll have a better year to come with them than we've had this past one.
thank you all.  it was time, we believe he was in pain, and we could not allow him to live in pain.  but as big an ass as he could be, we will miss him.  the vet gave him a shot of phenobarbital she claimed was enough to put down a dog twice his size.  he required more,  asshole to the end our dog.  may he rest in peace.
oh sweet babe. :( i'm heartsick for you.
i'm sorry pot. may the many good memories about your beloved friend ease you through the heartache
sorry, pot.
@pot, peace brother.
it is done.
i don't mean everyone who does it should die. though it would put a dent in overpopulation... but you realize i mean the asshats who can't deal with commitment. besides, even if the other relationship is better, don't cheat, explain things, break things off with good intentions and as few hard feelings as possible, then pursue the other person. at the very least. i mean then you're not just being disloyal by sneaking around someone else's back, and they might even understand or agree with you that way.
@creeper, the point i was trying to make was if you're even thinking about cheating, you are with the wrong person, and need to be honest with them and do the right thing.  the right thing in that case would be to end the relationship before cheating.  i think that if you can even think about it, theres a problem, and you need to address it. how many people are carrying around garbage because someone was too selfish to do the right thing.  either way there will be hurt feelings, but at least if you're honest with your soon to be ex, there is a showing of respect for what was, and for that persons feelings, which are important, even if you aren't in love anymore.
there *are* a lot of scum bags out there, selfish people.  i'm not excusing their behavior.  but generalizing every person that cheats is unfair.  every relationship is unique.
it's not that simple.  i'm not saying it because i've cheated.  i'm saying it because when i was cheated on, i started reading.  and researching.  the guy who cheated on me ended up marrying the other woman, and they're still together.  people get married with the hopes of being together forever- but we all know that's not the case.  sometimes you meet someone and slowly fall in love with them.  it's scary because you're in a committed relationship and don't know what to do.  emotions are powerful and confusing.  it's not easy to avoid- or else why would there be so many people who cheat or get divorced.  it's easy for us to judge.  but unless you've been in their shoes, step back and realize not every decision is an easy one.
note: in step 1, that is gravel yard, but it looks like a typo for graveyard, which is also an acceptable location.
guide to what to do if you just cheated on someone. 1) locate nearest gravelyard, unexplored forest, or bottomless pit 2) grab shovel 3) go to location stated in step 1 4) dig a hole 5) go die in a hole. 5a) optional: bring a lighter with you and go die in a fire.
@bakhan: i agree. i've been cheated on before, and damned if i will ever put someone through that. @geist: apparently so. i mean, they do have websites dedicated to infidelity after all.
@bakhan: i completely agree. never understood why sports figures get married when they know they are going to cheat. not all of them do but enough to make me wonder why in the world would you do that in the first place?
@gm: i didn't know people needed instructions on that type of thing.
@gm, unless it was a step by step guide for suicide... i've never understood cheaters!  if you can't be faithful to someone, why even get married or be in a committed relationship!?!  if the love is gone, own up to it, and that way both people can move on without feeling like they're worthless.  no one should ever be made to feel that way.
@pot, strength, courage, and compassion brother.  its all we have when in the face of overwhelming situations. fwiw, we're here for you!
thanks creeper, gm.  it's 1:30, and i'm already starting to get misty.  damn pollen.
awh, pot... :(  i have daisy, toto, rufus, and shadow all waiting to greet your baby in doggie heaven.  he's going to love it.
@pot: sorry about your pup. never fun when you need to put down a loved family member.
okay...i know the world is already mentally screwed up...but i just saw a link on the msn news page for "what to do after cheating on your partner"...i didn't even bother looking at it...but come on!
i'd visit canada for a kc wedding! hell, i'd visit anyways if i could. seems my summer could be pretty full, especially with a major family reunion i forget where.
hi everyone.  yeah, yesterday in colorado, we had a high of 78 with a winter weather advisory! good thing we got out of there when we did. though skiing after this storm would be awesome! we were just too late! western nebraska is in for a surprise as well. we're just scheduled for a pleasant rain storm at about 4 today. ` no, not again! that's so sad, pot. seems we've lost far more honorary corps members than we've gained over the past year.  `
@bakhan: then you'll let gm borrow him for walkies when the weather gets warmer. it would be nice to have a kc wedding.
thanks lz, bakhan.  i appreciate the kind words.
sorry, pot, that's rough
@geist, he sure did, he got all scooty and whatnot (thats what i call it when his butt is wagging his body, thats what it looks like anyways)!  it would be awesome if you could meet him for sure, he is quite popular with the ladies... ;)
i'm so sorry to hear that pot! i wish there was more i could say, that would mean anything.  you're a good man and you're doing right by karma, he knows how much you love him.
thank you geist.
you have my condolences pot. i know what that feels like all to much.
hey everybody.  bad day today.  the vet comes at 3:30 to put our old man down.  keep a good thought for karma the aussie this afternoon.
well- it's missouri (we're big on that!) we're only supposed to get flurries tomorrow morning.  i'm guessing they must mean western kansas
@creeper: i just heard on npr that kansas and colorado are under a winter storm advisory. be careful out there.
haha- not yet.  though i had to wait on own of his family members last night.....*sigh*. just going home to kansas city for a week!
@creeper: escaping the us and coming to canada? we are unprepared!
puppy!
@bakhan: and when you came back, puppy saw you and jumped for joy. i really hope i can visit this halloween so that i can meet him.
well gm- i fly out tonight....wish my jacket would magically appear.  i really thought i'd have it by now.
that's what they all say, until they start laughing...then you know you've become the butt of their jokes. :p
@gm, you know i'm only joking right? ;)
@bakhan: i can go with multiple short weeks in a row...just not if it's a mon-wed that is the day off.
@geist, it was awesome!  banff was beautiful, and really mild weather for this time of year, its been eriely warm actually.  we had a really nice jacuzzi suite (it was huge! 4 person size) and that was awesome as well.  can't go wrong with two short weeks in a row (unless you're gm...)! ;)
morning kittens. @lz: the only way to ensure it stays wet is to submerge the entire room in water, not letting any of it seep out. but then you need to deal with water damage, and i would rather just wear a suit to clear that crap out.
morning bakhan! how was the holiday off?
@lz, you were 100% right, you don't take chances with something like that!  the asbestos is highly friable (get into the air and your lungs), even when wet you can't guarantee anything.  they typically use a type of glue when they wet it to help it stick together as you remove it.  even then they still wear the suits and resperators.  its one of those you only get one chance kinda things, don't play around!
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. happy hump day.
lz-o should be around tomorrow to test play if you'd like.
i mean... they're kinda right. but also not really. if you constantly had it practically sunk in water, then you'd be pretty safe. then again, tiny airborne carcinogenic needles flying into your lungs just doesn't sound like it could be very safe at all to me.
they said as long as you kept it wet, then everything would be fine. i said that i'd rather not take my chances, especially since you can't really keep it wet all the time.
but still long enough ago there probably weren't annoying ads for law firms dedicated to people who worked with asbestos. i keep trying to spell it aesboestos or asboestos or something like that. aesbestos.
this was about 20 years ago, but still recent enough that they should have known better.
you were working on their house recently and they still didn't care about asbestos?
as usual,  i am late to the party. i just started watching battlestar galactica. wow. that's a damn good show. just started season 2.
wow. lz, that's fraked up. do they think asbestos is good for you?
i helped a friend take the "cottage cheese" off his parents' ceiling once. they thought i was weird for insisting on a respirator after they told me there was asbestos in the mixture because the house was built in the '60s
hola everyone! the mattress is in the haus! ` flooring is bad, but ceiling work, at least high ceilings, are the worst to me. having to keep your arms above your head holding something really heavy in a precise position for several minutes on end while fiberglass insulation dusts your face, because of which you have to wear a mask and safety glasses that get really hot and muggy and the glasses fog up constantly... never doing that again.
blah! caucuses are boring! i don't care who the delegates or pricinct chairman are! just let me vote for the presidential candidate!
you can probably email them a request for the beta test version gm.  if they need testers i'm sure they'll respond.
i'm doing android, but i can play against ios users.
wish i could lz...but i'm not part of the android testing...and no iphone(can't remember which one you were doing)
i'm working with bella to troubleshoot the issues i've had. the game with her worked; now i want to try another. who wants to play?
@geist, lolz!  toronto seems like the other side of the universe here in calgary...  he was entertaining in the way that a train wreck is, as funny/sad as it was, he sure didn't have tiger blood... like charlie...
@bakhan & gm: just read that former mayor rob ford has died. you have my condolences. he was an entertaining guy and i enjoyed reading his about his antics. he was like the harmless, funny version of donald drumpf.
oh, it's more the sticky mouth chewing that i hear....even when it's something like plain yogurt. >.>
@gm, sadly all of their baked goods are considered to be contaminated with nuts... grrrr!
...tim horton's muffins must be full of peanut butter from the sounds i'm slightly hearing...
@trinkets, glad to hear the therapy is helping at least.  rooting for ya!
ripping up flooring is an awful job.
back still jacked up, but physical therapy is helping.
ugh! linoleum is the worst to tear up. except maybe kitchen carpet that the installer used too much glue with...
we still have the linoleum in the kitchen, the carpet in the family room, and possibly the linoleum in the bathroom and laundry room on the main floor to rip up as well(i know we are doing the kitchen/family room ourselves, not sure about bathroom/laundry room).
@gm, sorry to hear that, speedy recovery!
we ripped up all the carpet in our front room, i hauled it all out to the dumpster, and we ripped up the nail boards around the edge of the room. my lower back is a little sore, my knees are painful today, and i just want to sleep.
@gm, i take it thats how you spent your night last night?  i agree, flooring is the worst!  with my knees the way they are, a few hours of kneeling = a good week of painful recovery!
ripping up flooring sucks. especially when you just got home and want to sit and relax.
aaw, i want to work at that vet's! ` well, hi ho, hi ho, it's off to home we go. be seeing you all full-time again as of tomorrow. thank god it's not uphill both ways. that uphill to frisco, co. is a killer. i'm already extremely sensitive to atmospheric pressure changes, but on the order of 8,000+ feet, nearly all of it in the last hour and a half, always gets to me the first day or two.
morning trinkets!  hows the back today?
good morning all.
@creeper, thats awesome!  its so great to have a vet (and staff) that truly love animals.  the specialists that i take my pup to are awesome as well, i can always tell that they've been giving him too many treats as he barely eats his dinner when we get home!  he is a big suck, and i don't mind, they can give him all the treats he'll eat! ;)
hahaha... that's funny. :).  no tattoos.  the vet was so happy to see him.  he hadn't seen him since that awful night when they stayed open late, seeing if he was going to make it through the night.  i love this place.  the vet just sat and held him for a few minutes and talked to him.  and when they were doing the exam, the tech kept nose-booping and nuzzling him.
@creeper, fun fun fun.... ;) is he getting tattoo'd as well?  my pup got two tattoos, one is his "identification number" the other is his nickname spaguce (say it like its italian - spa gooch) short for spaguce pooche! ;)
leonidas and i are at the vet.  booster shot and microchipping.  we got here before the vet did.  just sitting around waiting.
good morning kittens!
good night zem. looks like i'm calling it a night also
i'm going to bed as well. not that you could play against me anyways. please make an online version!!! the day that happens, i'll... i dunno, shout for joy or something.
good night geist.
evening trinkets! i am off to bed. hope you get a game in with one of the kc crew.
*later
i'll check in late
when is it game time?
well there's no overthinking for the time being because my phone, similar to the one below, that i've had for years and  can't afford a smartphone, can't do anything fun like that.
don't overthink it, zem. for the time being, it's not like a username. it's not permanent or locked in.  i change mine from mccreeper to kittencorp(s), to whatever.  i play one name people all the time and have yet to have a "that username is already taken"
haha, forgot i was gone for a weekday, but it turned out to only be as bad as this weekend! it was such a busy weekend and i was so sad to not be able to be here for all of it. but fear not, yon kittens! i shall make my triumphant (permanent) return the day after tomorrow! back to full-time corps mattress.  also, i will try to get the app on someone's phone who has an android and get the name "zem". please don't take the name from me! ;) ... wait, if i get "zem" on their phone, if i have a good permanent option to play, that will be taken! i'll have to remember to change it on theirs. too bad "mattresszem" is too long. i'll have to think about it. mattress is too damn long a word.
Ô.õ i don't see how that's a problem...
you know what sucks? when you get notification that something was delivered, but then you remember it was something you ordered on friday. i can order shoes from a store, that weren't in stock, and receive them within a few days(it was after 5pm when i ordered them as well). something not right with that. =/
nothing for me either on that front. i know that if either of us gets notification, the other's shouldn't(key word here) be far behind. as for the male to female ratio here, not sure what it's like, just that a lot of the single girls i've seen/talked to, end up being really snobbish and stuck up "kardashianites".
bakhan- the male to female ratio is really bad.  and guys know this- so they're always looking for the next best thing.  and i've had several male friends say this.  they just know there are a lot of single women in the city.  lame sauce. and if trump is elected, i may be in canada! gm- no word on jacket yet.  just that one elusive person that said it was shipped from georgia.
come on mother nature! why you being so cold? i'm trying to reduce my electric bill and you keep plunging temperatures to the point that i'm never going to get the bill under $100 at this rate.
@creeper, oh no worries, i know you wouldn't be serious, but at the same time i know that there are people who are, and do.  how can such a large city be devoid of people worth dating?  seems counter intuitive.
@creeper: any word on if your jacket has started it's path towards you?
@creeper: time to move. maybe to canada?
i'm not actually trying to make a legitimate case for marrying for money.  i know it's a dead end choice.   dating suuuuuuucks in nyc. hahaha- nice side eye, geist. agreed. :)
i understand about the smoking. kissing someone after they have had a ciggie is gross, no matter how hot they are. *gives a side eye to gerald butler*
that is also true. it does swing both ways, across all forms of dating/meeting people. there are shallow people everywhere, and i will admit, that there are certain things that instantly make me move on to someone else as a consideration for dating(primarily smoking, i've tried dating girls that smoke...i just can't do it).
@gm: and how many men on match.com are looking for women who look like a sports illustrated swimsuit model while having the body of donald drumpf? something tells me those types of women don't need a dating site.
you know, all this talk about marrying a guy who is rich, made me think of a lot of the profiles from women i've seen on match.com. a lot of them are looking for a guy that is 22-30, and making $75k+ a year. not saying it's impossible...just improbable. and a lot of them are those highly materialistic looking women(designer brands, "celebrity" inspired looks, etc). hell, a lot of them put that they are making less than $25k/year. so you know those ones aren't in it for the love, just the money.
really, the best option is to find a rich guy whom you love and marry him. best of both worlds and all that. you deserve that, anyway.
even if you marry a sugar daddy and then split your time among things you love to do, you'll still have to go home to someone you don't love. it will be okay at first, maybe even good; but over time, the little things will build up. also, would he be marrying you for reasons other than love? if not, then he'll expect certain privileges of the bedroom variety. if so, then infidelity will probably become an issue. money is great, but it's no substitute for love.
@creeper, well thats up to you, certainly a nobel cause helping the animals!  i think of it like this though, if you are otherwise unhappy in your life, how would that affect your ability to help the animals, or anyone else?  we can only truly help others when we are in a place that we have already helped ourselves.  i would think that if you have sacrificed your happiness to pursue the happiness of others, ultimately you will all end up sad.  i honestly think that the animals or any other cause would benefit more from your happiness, than just money.  just my thoughts.  at then end of the day, it would still be an "agreement", right?  geist is right, that is pretty ewww, even if presented in a nice way, offering to pay for "companionship" is esentially a form of prostitution.  i don't judge, i know that there are many people out there that think its fine, and for them i guess it is.  i think that people are just fooling themselves though, you shouldn't have to pay for your companions, friends don't cost a thing, love doesn't have a price tag.
@creeper: that is all kinds "ewww". that guy simply doesn't want a commitment. he respects you because you hold yourself in better esteem than some one night floozy.
cory booker.  yeah. i also used to have a regular who came in with a different woman every time.  he was older, very charming.  he came in by himself once, said he had a realization that i was the only constant woman in his life. said he had always respected me too much date, but if i was interested in an "agreement" i would be taken care of.  i turned him down.  he was a sweet guy though, it wasn't smarmy.
*blushes* thank you bakhan. that cheers me up a bit. from your mouth to god's ear. @creeper: didn't you have a chance to date a mayor? (or was it some other political figure?)
awwh, bakhan!!! that's incredibly sweet of you! ok-  devils advocate-  what if i married rich, allowing me to bake full time whenever i wanted and split my time with that and volunteering to take care of puppies and kittens?!?  fulfilling, no? ;)
@creeper &  geist, you are both amazing women, and deserve happiness!  settling on a provider rather than falling in love is wrong, just plain wrong!  money will never fulfill you, you will never be able to buy enough stuff to make up for what you are missing, you will never have enough security to protect you from your thoughts!  i didn't start dating my wife until i was 35, i was sure i'd be alone the rest of my life, positive even.  things work out, trust me, and believe in yourselves!  the day you settle for security over love is the day that you've committed romantic suicide.  true love takes time, a thing is only worth what you are willing to do to have it.  don't sell yourself short, or delude yourself that you are somehow unworthy, you guys rock!  seriously, any man would be a fool not to fall for either of you!  it will happen if you're open to it, if you're ready for it.  be ready, and stay awesome! also, coffee ftw!
morning kittens.
@creeper: coffee does that to you? pity i've never been a big fan of the drink. unless you dump a boatload of sugar and cream in it.
most people don't think they're where they should be.  but, we've got a job, a home, friends, alcohol...were quite fortunate.    (wow----i took two sips of coffee and my optimism shot right up!)
you know when you have to get ready, and you just got out of the shower...you just sitting on your bed staring...thinking about your life choices? like...why do i insist on marrying for love? i should just marry for money... oh creeper. you don't know how often i was thinking something similar this weekend. long story short, i'm not where i should be in life and i've got to do something about it before it's too late. as far as the marriage thing goes: i'm pretty sure it will never happen to me one way or the other. to quote from a k.d. lang song: love was never meant for me.
you know when you have to get ready, and you just got out of the shower...you just sitting on your bed staring...thinking about your life choices?  like...why do i insist on marrying for love? i should just marry for money...
i just worked a double yesterday, wiped out in midtown- so my knee and my ego hurt, and i don't want to adult today.  i want to pajama and netflix today.
good morning kittens! i may be more tired than i was before i left for banff!  it was a great time though, we had a huge hot tub in our room, it was amazing!  the weather was awesome, they barely had any snow, which for march is very rare!  i did see a whole family kids, parents, grand parents all wearing snow pants, and i had to laugh!  i was thinking, you know its 45f right? ;)
awww creeper. did leo keep you up half the night with his kitty antics? or are you still thinking about that creepy video?
*grumbles* morning.
*yawn* morning kittens.
@lz- thanks. :) i am protective of my potatten.    and yay video edit!  @zem- believe me- i get all the updates from my dad!
yeah, i've thought it was really funny that i would say something about the weather one day and then geist would say the exact same thing with minor differences just a day or two later! so if you're wondering what the weather will be like, just ask me a couple days in advance.
my friend is starting to edit the video
good work, creeper
sidebar- weather on nyc is pretty on par with kansas city.  we get their weather a day or two later.
so i just played a game on the app, and one of the players was "potato girl" and in my head i was all "who is this? why is she potato girl?!? who does she think she is?!?!?" and i became irrationally jealous and attacked her the whole game.  i won.
also, be thankful! snow on the first day of spring is one of those funny weather stories you can bring up with friends! i know it's done that here aplenty. wait, here as in nebraska.
it snowed the day we came up and will the day we leave, creeper. then again, this is 9,000 ft. above sea level... what, you don't get snow there? we've gotten it well into april, even in may before. then again, some years like this one, it stops snowing in early february and i get sad because of it.
why is it snowing in march?!?!?
bad news; she may not be willing to let me take her phone and run down the battery, though i'll try again on the ride home.  and what's wrong with walls of text? i do it all the time. if i broke everything up into just 1 paragraph max, i would have easily passed you, maybe even dr. p by now.
lz- i appreciate that.  a wall of text is too much for me. zem- yes- but it was relevant to ek. it's their app and it's brought much more activity to the page again! embrace!
i was going to say everything i did in all those comments, anyway. i just decided to break it up into easy pieces so there wasn't a wall of text. also, increase my count ;-)p you'll be able to make your name zem. i look forward to playing against you.
leo did a backflip? if it was intentional,, that's awesome! ` lz, holy cow! sorry, didn't read what all that was about (not much time right now), but 11 in a row? even by our most liberal standards, that's easily spamming. should we ban him? ;) and no, it's not about the number of comments, i'm already off on vacation and seldom at my computer to check here and have made clear i'm in this for the long, long haul. i don't like the spam conversations going on sometimes literally for pages about just that game. which reminds me:  if i don't do it today, then either tomorrow or the next day (the long drive home), i'll download the app on my mom's phone and try to join in on the festivities. (i'll try to make my name "zem").
day 2: one man down, more to follow. half of the group has already left, perhaps more tonight. already again today, another major crash and potential injury. damn skiing can take it out of you! it's fun as hell sometimes, but still, pretty harsh. today, the group all went off a jump, but someone cut my dad off at the last second after he'd built up all the speed he could and he had to go up basically a quarter-pipe/wall. he went probably 12-15 feet high before crashing back down on his shoulders. thankfully years of martial arts teaches you how to take a fall; it's saved his life more than once already (i think that alone has saved his life 4 times now). didn't stop it from causing serious pain now, though. hope he feels better by tomorrow. he would hate to have to miss a day.
it was just weird sitting in the dark watching it. then reading the history of that hotel.  bleh.  then i got stuck in a wormhole of murderous mysteries
@geist - sure effing was.  after i realized it was my neighbor, i heard him laughing...i went back to the door.  he was sitting on the ground in hysterics because he too was scared and paranoid when taking out the trash.
dr. p, i installed the update. that's when it stopped working
@creeper: is it the video that shows the girl in the elevator by herself, acting strange and then she walks out the elevator and ends up drowned in this water tank?
though lz you should download and reinstall the newer version if you haven't/
it happens to the best of us creeper!
well, i know what a heart attack feels like.  i opened the door, and then there's a gated door- which i was making sure latched.  my neighbor was putting trash out, so there was a guy standing. few feet from my door.  i screamed so loud, then he screamed and threw the trash at me!  haaaahahaha.  the gate was shut, so it didn't hit me.  i ran down the hallway screaming and only then processed what happened.
well it's 3 am here and i am wide awake becasue i stupidly read about a mysterious death and then i idiotically watched video footage from an elevator, and there's no sound, so i'm just laying in the dark watching this creepy footage, and leo will just jump up and run out the room, adding to my paranoia, and now i'm all "is the gate closed? did i lock all the doors?"  fck it.  i'm checking the front gate.   but with an knife in hand...
end rant. good night.
it sucks. i hate the clock change nonsense. i call the spring forward day the first day of the clock stupidity and the fall back day the second day of the clock stupidity.
then, i go to sleep at what my body thinks is the normal time, but is now 1 am. i still have to get up at the same time, for a cumulative two hours lost. this goes on for a week or two, until all the lost sleep adds up enough that i can get to sleep at the new midnight.
*lost.
i go to sleep at my normal time (midnight), and then the clocks move, so i essentially have to get up an hour earlier than normal. that's one hour liet.
second, i generally can't get to sleep before my usual bed time. i know, that's basically what i just said, so i'll explain.
first, i usually can't get to sleep before midnight. that's just how i'm wired. if i try, i generally just lie in bed for the extra time.
i know some people say to just go to bed an hour earlier, but that doesn't work for me for a few reasons.
i am also going to go to sleep. this time change thing has been kicking my butt all week.
i haven't reinstalled it.
oh, i see. the android version is through hockeyapp
lol.  get some decent sleep creeper.
did you reinstall it lz?
but i'm just stopping back in...  going to work out a bit before bed.  yep. 1 am workout, then brunch shift in the morning.  i'm making a the 'annoyed emoji' face as i type.
when the first group of us got access to the app, they didnt' have it on itunes.  we had to download an app call "test flight".  all updates come through there.   but i did just get an update, and just played a game to check.  sorry it's not working for you!  i'm sure it will be fixed soon.
i don't know what test flight is.
he sees his chances of being top commenter slipping further away.
and the real reason zem is complaining (apart from feeling like the clothing at a nudist convention) is simple.
yes! leo did a full back flip!  hahaha.
hmm... mine is currently updating.  i'll see what happens.  lz -do you use test flight with it?
hey man - potatten hasn't even been around here in awhile!  you're quite the talky one yourself!  don't be a jelly belly! the app is bringing the corps even closer together! and yes it is sucky that you can't play at the moment, but soon, i'm sure!
blarg! the latest update screwed up the game! i can't get into a game, and neither can the mrs!
not much different than before really.
don't make me ground you! for... talking. alot. a hell of alot, actually.
don't be jealous of me and creepers jibjabbing!
oh... my... dear... christ... ` 2 hours. look at what you people did in literally 2 hours! nearly all of it in just the past hour! and the last comment was already almost half an hour ago! we need a different place for game codes and conversations if this is all the comments are going to be every second or third night as is the current pattern. mostly because it's too much to try to filter through them and i mean... seriously, look at what you guys spat out in that time. that's along the lines of the day before the end of the campaign, but only with 2 people.  to put that in perspective: derp and i at our worst never came close to that!
lol okay.  see you around creeper.
ok.. i'm going to snuggle with leo before he gets psychotic again.  playtime is usually between 1 am and whenever he gives up on trying to keep me awake.
definitely!
i mean, kickstarter doooeeesss have their headquarters here!
i knowwwww.  welp, if they come to nyc, we've already made plans to get together. i'll give you ample time.  you must make it!
ah.  i would love to play a game against the creators!  kc members v. bella, oatmeal, elan, and shane would be crazy.
and the only time i played bella was when she was also on the phone, and wasn't paying too much attention.  she lost rather quickly.
me too.  even something that's just super cheesy!
the first night it went online- before they announced it, i kept matching up with him, but then he's disappear before the game would start. :(   then i tried to get into the games with elan and him - i had a twitter notification pop up as soon as he tweeted teh code.  but that weird message came up.
lol
bella even said "there's something we're adding that i canit wait for you guys to see!"  ... i would love a kitten corps reference!
i still haven't seen the elusive oatmeal myself yet :(
i even woke up leo.. haha
that will be great!
welp! that was a quick one!  aaaaah!  i cant wait until everyone has it, and we can stay within a game without getting new codes.
we should!  and i would call you a liar if you said you didn't call me a few names after that move lol.
i may have called you a few bad names.
we should be keeping tabs within the group!  all the wins, etc. :)
okay
cat butt, steal, triple right at the end is my new personal favorite move.
342027 . . .if you wanna
ok...... now maybe one more? :)
it is much more fun with you guys i think too.
050772
this game is quite addicting, especially with you guys!
lol.  i really want a potato cat avatar!!!
one more?
i really enjoy giving a potato cat to potatten
rah!! cat butt!!!  see you around trinkets!
"trinkets wouldn't put it on top, would he?" that's what she said.
ok!  have a good night!!
*have
sooo much fun! i so need to leave. i have to do my neck therapy stretches. i'll be around tomorrow. he fun and good night all.
255382
*sigh* stop. taking. risks.  "trinkets wouldn't put it on top, would he?"
bathroom
where you at potatten?  877382
i gave you like two skips and a double slap too.
dammit!  i always take a risk!  i need to learn my lesson!
good game
lol, i didn't want to give you my shuffle cards because i knew it was a kitten and was hoping you would draw it.
wait.... is that good game or gotta go?
877382     ....i should not take risks...
gg
such is ek.  i wasn't expecting a last minute swipe!
hahaha.. wow!  i love how you can feel totally confident and then still get your ass kicked!
i feel more and more evil...  767260
stole a defuse and shat on the second.  i had four total that game...
when i kept tapping and you played the slap card, it felt like a "stop it!!"  made me laugh
878137
lol
i enjoy tapping your avatars to annoy you. :)
yeah, moar fun!!
now that was a good game! 025820
trinkets where are youuu?
i was hoping that was the case!
mwa hahahahaha  591483
omg you guys.  my two remaining cards: both defuses.  both shat on.... unusable...
lol that's just how it goes.
hehe...i was relentless!  so pissed about that first round
huzzah!  056437
creeper is rocking me hard over here.
i'm in the next game
i can't beleive the first card i drew was an ek!!! new code: 074553
are you kidding me?!?!
ok, i have my nomz, my phone is plugged in - and the code is 795537
aaaaaaand i just dipped a chip in my soda and not salsa.
and by corps--- he means the actual military. :) 2 minutes guys! explosions!
i didn't bother with anything special until after i got out of the corps.  let me know about the exploding.
trinkets! me! imma heat up this burrito-- classy lady- single in nyc living it up on a saturday night!  and the i'll play! and zem- when i was in college i didn't even have a computer, or internet.  i got my nokia cell phone, with limited minutes.  bam! ....years ago.
i am going to keep checking in here every so often to see if anyone wants to explode.  (between my watching of battlestar galactica for the first time)
skiing schmiing. i would be happy to walk around pain free.  disc in my neck is  bulging and wreaking havoc. physical therapy think they can get me upright and pain free this week.  deer lord willing.
zem, you mean the god of deer?
by skiing, i meant that i have something to lord over you that you may not be able to be part of.
then again, i can't completely complain. i'm skiing! and oh deer god, i'm sore! just from one day! i forgot about that part. i really, really hope they make a web app! then we could be able to play together as the corps, even, something we've dreamed about. perhaps even having like a weekly game.
if you have an old enough brick you could probably get one for relatively cheap if not free.  unless you would prefer not to have an internet data plan.  then that is what it is.  there will probably be a web app at some point.  that would be cool.. ek the fb game.
not if you don't have a smartphone! seriously, that's all you guys talk about now! well, that and leo, to whom i'm able to relate, but i can't ever jump in on the app conversation unless it's to say i've never had a smartphone. why do 5 year olds get them and not me?!
can you not switch over, or just play with the deck they use?
damn! every time i try to join the game with oatmeal, it says they're using an old version! grrrrr
all of the nomz!  he has yet to get talky about food.  he meows at the window, or when he wants to play and i'm too stagnant.  but nomz he just kinda waits for.  although because he's a kitten, i'm generous- he's a growing little king.    haha---right now he walked into the living room, looked at me- puffed up, crab-walked/trounced over to me, slapped my foot and ran away.
you forgot nap time, attack/hunt/kill time, stabby time, and sleep time. and food time, of course.
he will mellow out a little bit.  not too much, but he is a cat after all.  there are basically four times of day for them.  food time, sleep time, play/pet time, and food time.  the first and last of which they will never let you forget.  they will always try for additional food times too, just to see if you'll forget and accidentally feed them again.
yep- character limit. also- i miss the days when leo was a- too teeny to jump up on everything and b- when he didn't view everything as a toy.  proving to be very difficult to sketch while he attacks the pencil, the paper, my hand...
i never really left.  i just pop on here and there to check up on everybody.
also, the kitten corps and kitten corp. are two entirely different things. though i've heard the character limit sucks.
yeah, really not catching up on what i missed. there's a hell of alot here! but hey, dr. p returned!  hi, everybody! though i likely won't be here much at all. so sore from just one day of skiing. we already lost our grandpa to 2 falls, the latter of which was pretty bad, so he's out for the rest of the time here.
i was expecting to see cb on here saying "someone is calling themselves kittencorps!"
i really shoooouuuld be working on some wedding cake sketches.  ok.  ok.  i will.  doing that right. now.
haven't had a chance to play yet today.
he beat me in record time, too!
hahah-  just ran into cheetah butt on the game!  i had "kittencorp" as my name- in case i played the oatmeal, wanted to tweet him from the kc account with the screen shot.
how is it going lz?
geist, best damn. as in best damn apple ale
i mean 2. 308172
308173
fun.
ok.  i'm going to play random people for a game to do.
damn best?
i'm going to a play at 2:30 central
i  will be out for about an hour. it's 12:47 cst. i'll be on at 2:00 cst.
the game plays fast enough that the chat thing might be a hinderance. the clincher would be, seamlessly integrating it so it isn't obtrusive yet readily and quickly usable.
agreed. that would be awesome.  there would need to be a way to control who can get it though
i agree on all fronts. i was thinking of emailing them and asking about that. i would suggest the logo that oats drew
i wonder how hard it would be for us to get a kittencorps avatar for the game? only registered kc get to use it
sounds like you are enjoying your saturday the right way,  lz
it would be neat if the game kept stats of  your win %.  they should have a chat box but the only things you can pick is meow, hiss, grrr, or any other cat noises.
in hindsight, two pints of best damn on an empty stomach may have been a mistake
nice!
i totally won with 8 cards remaining in the deck
those are fun, too
you had all the slaps. my face is sore, lol
i'm going to try a random encounter game.
i was a little nervous at the end, when i realized you had all the skips
you got me good.
lz, you'll have to start it.
865573
excellent
i'm around for a game
game? did someone say game?
it did take bella a day to reply with the app. hopefully you get it today!!
thank you trinkets. i will send her an email. hopefully i will be able to join you kittens in a few rounds of ek.
i will be checking in here off and on until we can get some peeps for a game.
or, i should say, that's what i used to reach bella.
yep, that's it.
good morning all! i will check the email, but i believe it is b@explodingkittens.com
morning creeper. i got home late last night and just flopped into bed. is bella's email address bella@explodingkittens.com?
everyone is so distracted by the app, huh? :). morning kittens.  on my way to work, hope you have a good weekend
see you around cb!
okay!  see you around creeper.  i'm going to finish making food here in a minute myself.
i'm going to watch some basketball now.
it did.  so glad i was able to save that cat butt!
i suppose i should do some laundry.  but i'm sure i'll see you guys around on there!
lol it really does.  especially the double slap.
that was a close one.  it literally came down to the last card!
the slapping paw sound always cracks me up
now that was a good game.
496829
cb - code master if you will. :)
it was a blast.  i can play another round.
sure.
well we've all known each other for sometime now.  it is just a game, nothing to ever be upset about!
hehehe, i had fun!
i'm up for one more round if you guys are
i wanted to get in some licks before going down.  nothing personal.
i know!!! hahaha.. i was like "maybe i should include potatten..... naaahhhh attack cheetah!"
lol i got to watch you two go at each other for like 3 minutes....
i love how easily the game can turn around.  i'm so hooked.
087694
cb getting a code?
d'awww, leo is snoring. it's so cute.
i am having a blast!  that it's kc members makes it feel even more awesome.
ok back
i know!!!  makes me so happy!
it's really cool to be playing games with kitten corps members!
cb - get a code started so potatten can join when he's ready
i just watched a video of a young wolf laughing, and it's adorable!!!!  leonidas woke up from his nap when i played it.  he doesn't care about the cat noises on the app...but this...
we'll be here when you get back.
i'll be back in two shakes of a cat's tail.
okay, so just basic performance stuffs
ok!  let us know when you're ready!
well it was already sent in an email.  i'm downloading it now.  i'll see what's new, and we can start another one!
it took three defuse cards, but i finally won one.  good game everyone.
should we wait?  they may be updating the android version?
i may need to install a new version?  that was fast...
you sure did.  and well-played cb!
i got got that time.
i just keep getting really lucky.  right after i stole creeper's defuse, i drew a third....
175217
*glares at potatten*
you guys have really gotten good at this.  i haven't won a game in days!
cb want to get a code?
we just finished.
nice... my screen is somewhat frozen on the exploded page, but i'm listening to you guys playing. hahaha.. i'll be waiting when youre done.
good game though.
that blind pick thing is brutal....
i also drew a third one.
hahaha... well shit. i still had one left!  i want a rematch!
no you didn't i stole one.
omg creeper i'm so sorry!
dammit!  i had two defuse cards and couldn't find them!
i did talk to bella- they'll be allowing us to stay within a group and replay rounds, instead of getting new codes. that will be in an update.
i really want a potato cat avatar....
ok. i swtiched to expanded. :)
i can't, but i think i can play it if someone else has it.  maybe?
no no- cb - try my code below - we're waiting. 038603
can you use the expanded deck?  i have it, i know cb does... i'll switch decks if so.
918114
potatten has joined!  waiting on the others. :)
gg cb.  cat butt is rough!
i'll just wait for you guys to finish.  laaaaame... use my code when you're done- 038603
shoot. missed it. hey, i should get going. i'll be on super late and j so be checking in tomorrow.
cheetabutt started the game!
038603
but i was closed out.  c'mon potatten - we'll play while we wait.
no, should be more.  you need to wait for others to join, i think. ......i could be wrong.
is hosting only 1 on 1?
i made it in!
ok... all going to cb's now.
445354
it told me it was the wrong code
there is a space between 5 and 9.  or maybe not.  how did creeper enter it?
trinkets was on, but he dropped.
he was robbing you blind trinkets!
that code didn't work.
creeper just joined mine, we'll wait for a couple more.  what is the max anyway?
use potattena
yep, i saw 3 cards and i knew you wold get it. that food kept taking all my damn cards,lol
with all these people waiting to play, we should be able to get a multiplayer going.
279214
code: 955 968
nice game dr.p
i hath avenged you trinkets.  i also still had a diffuse in my hand at the end.
ill start one!! wait a moment!
somebody post a code already!
been fiddling with it.  not a lot of people are playing.  i'm potatten, you'll know me on site lol.
i'm waiting for someone to play right now.  just trying to connect with strangers.
that little cutie is getting big!
we'll have to all get in a game sometime then!  that will be a blast!!
and for anyone that missed it -leonidas! https://www.dropbox.com/s/n1ccy45ktv47mx2/2016-03-17%2017.51.55.jpg…
yes it can! i played against lz and cb yesterday.
can be play between the ios and android beta?  does anyone know?  i'm in testing beta.
yay' trinkets!
dr p is in the house!
how about yourself?
been good.  tax season......
howdy dr. potatten. how's things been? @geist,  last september, i was sent an email from bella asking to try the ios beta. i still had the email and sent a reply asking if i could get the beta for android.  she sent me it the next day.  so the good dr. is right.  email bella. i used the kittencorps email when i did.
or the explodingkitten email address.  they are probably looking for a wide field of testers.
you can email them and request the beta version that is in testing (offer to test it) geist.  i could send an email to bella for you if you don't have her address.  i was going to ask if anyone had it and was playing it.
where can i download the android version of this game?
@creeper: thanks. @trinkets: no matter how old you are, the ball still hurts when it hits you.
ooh, fancy! we got a wifi working in the car, so now i can listen to podcasts, watch youtube, and talk on here on the way to colorado! i'll also try to get the ek android app on my mom's phone and play it sometime soon, hopefully.
yeah, that was awesome.  i how it's streamlined down in the number of cards to make it a quicker game for the app.
maybe  later.  i am going to play against strangers.
who wants to play?
i am no longer the fat kid in dodge ball! !!!
hi geist! thanks for stopping in.  i know you had a rough day today.  hope tomorrow is better.
afternoon kittens. hope everyone is having a peaceful day.
heh heh, cats is teh sillies. hey, you know what? they'd go great on the internet! why has nobody done this! the internet is the perfect place for cats! actually, someone probably has, but i just haven't heard of it. no, not like cat memes, i mean actual cats. upload cats themselves to the internet!
hehehe...cats...
morning kittens.
i took me ten minutes to type that last post,  because our cat decided he needed to lie on y chest and shed all over my suit,  thanks cat.
thank you creeper, i'll try.
morning trinx.
good morning all.
lz, in probably 40 games, is been 50% 3 & 50% 4 players.  we've had 4 hour games and 30 minute games. it is a great game.  there's a lot to remember while playing the game. one guy we play with has ap (analysis paralysis) really bad during this game.
have fun, pot!
good morning all.  just checking in before i have to go and be a 66 year old professor of public policy at a mock trial.  i hope everyone has a great day.
trinkets, that's interesting. i don't get to play m&m very often because the quickest game we've ever played was 5 hours. of course, that could have something to do with the infrequency of play...
@creeper: thank you for posting that picture of leo. i was feeling kinda down and seeing it gave me all the feels.
morning kittens. i will be attending a funeral today so i won't be posting until afterwards.
yeah, 2 am is probably early enough for bed. oh well, good night all one of you still up.
it's only 1:54 am here. you should end daylight savings early and fall back to my time.
ugh. it's 2:40 and i'm wide awake, cleaning the living room, trying to find stuff.  what a mess.  and yes- we still call him nugget and little butt all the time. :)
that reminds me... free atlas! free atlas! thank cod all-nightie, a free atlas! http://www.gocomics.com/pearlsbeforeswine/2008/06/15 wow, that was 2008?! i remember that one so well! then again i know most of bloom county and the absolute entirety of calvin & hobbes and the far side back to back, and i wasn't even alive for at least the vast majority of them.
wait... it's 1:24 and i'm not even only up this late to finish an assignment? i... i'm speechless! it's like it's the weekend or something! freedom never tasted so good! hopefully i get more free time after i get back. because this week... damn! and next year with physical chemistry... *shudders*.
gah! daaw! fwu... too much kittehys! especially leo! he's all grown up now-ish! can i still call him nugget? he'll always be little nugget to the corps. and space ghost! so much cats! i needs it! the precious! no, not that precious, the cats. darn it, i love cats! hehehe... nugget...
awwwhhhhhh space ghost!  so precious! leo smells like a mix of his kitty litter (it's "the world's best cat litter- lavender scented), and a little bit of his cat food... salmon/turkey wet.  but i don't sniff him too frequently. :)
well, that'll do it for me.  good night all.
https://imgur.com/totxryb here's space ghost. stella's (my avatar) older sister.
how does he smell? our milo used to smell like baby powder.
i would post pics of my stella, but she looks the same as my avatar. maybe a little thinner now(yeah, cat weightloss)
hehehe... i wish he would have stayed small!  but he's quite adorable.  and his fur is super shiny and soft.    i feel like i didn't get to enjoy his kitten-ness as much because he had so many health problems.  our time was spent with him trying to poop, and me crying.
kitteh cuteness!!!! he looks quite a lot like our milo we used to have.
lz, m&m isn't even our favorite christian marcussen game. clash of cultures is. we are eagerly awaiting his 4x space game.
him the first week i got him, and tonight.  still with his fluffy (his stuffed moose)
look! leonidas! https://www.dropbox.com/s/n1ccy45ktv47mx2/2016-03-17%2017.51.55.jpg…
lz, we love merchants and marauders too. i enjoy firefly more.  rarely is there a quick game of firefly, but we've had some fast m&m games.  zem, yes. it's by gale force 9. we have firefly,  sons of anarchy, spartacus, and wwe wrestling game by them. all ate good games. www.gf9.com
awh man, sorry i pot. and i missed the got reference.  sansa is turning it around this coming season, i think - she's finally coming into her own.  i wont say any more.    i started reading the books in between seasons to satisfy the emptiness.  but i just can't get past book 2!  a - i just have a had time focusing, in general.. and i dont' care much for bran's storyline - at least in the beginning, and there seems to be so much of it in book 2 that i kept stalling. and as far as the ek app - the past three games i drew the exploding kitten the first shot!  so annoyed!  but i finally beat this one guy who's been kicking my ass.  a very good competitor.
well, it's past 10 pm and most of my family is probably asleep; time to start packing and finally get a move on! i mean, i wasn't completely slacking off, i did a few things, but i haven't packed at all yet.
the firefly board game is lots of fun. i find it's very similar to merchants and marauders.
i didn't even know there was a board game.
we're playing the firefly board game tomorrow night.  it got me jazzed up so i am watching some of the show before bed.
good night everyone who left. sorry, i was in the shower, so i missed all of that.
good night pot
i think i'm shutting down too.  have a nice night everyone.
good night cb
you should totally do that. that would be awesome. i wish i still had time to do wood stuff. my time is spent painting minis and i am working on a game of my own.  and then in a month and a half, it's the fishing opener. there goes all my spare time until next winter.
well, i gotta get to bed.  nite kitties.
now that i think about it,  it might have been on pinterst or etsy where i saw it. it may not have been officially licensed.
i haven't seen a wooden one yet.  that's why i thought i'd give it a go.
i doubt that enough cyvasse boards will be made to make it worth anyone's while to go after competitors ...
i think someone makes a wooden or plastic version that they have the rights to. i remember seeing it a while ago.
agreed. arya is a great character.  way better than sansa.
anyway, there's a guy who makes a 3d printed version of cyvasse, but i think a wooden set moght be closer to what i imagine from reading the book.  it's played on a hexagonal grid and some of the tiles can be substituted for alternate terrain during game setup, so i'm planning to make a honeycomb lattice into which you can drop the appropriate tiles.
arya's my favorite.  they changer her plot line a lot.
hey trinkets! the back is better.  not great, but better.  thanks for asking.
kind of makes me glad i never even heard of it until the end of season two.  then i don't get hbo, so i started reading the ... er ... ****ing books before i allowed the video to ruin it for me.  i always recommend reading the book before seeing the video.  i did the same thing with "the martian."
there's so many sub plots and stuff they changed for the show.  some of my favorite parts aren't in the show.
this is exactly how i felt,  lol.
https://youtu.be/1clcovzoh1o ok, there's some nsfw  language, but it's a must watch for asoiaf (agot) fans.
i just finished book 5 in december, so i haven't been waiting as long as some people.
howdy pot. how's the back?
@trinkets, actually i should have said "song of ice and fire" in reference to the books, but fewer people know the story by that title.  i don't think cyvasse has showed up in the show yet.  i haven't watched seasons 5 and 6 yet though.
excellent!  glad to hear it.
howdy, pot! we're all good today.
hey everyone.  how are we all doing?
@cb, we're you referencing the show or books? i stopped the show after season 4. i don't want anything spoiled for the books. that's of course if grrm can finish them in under 30 years. what the hell, man? give someone the outline and have someone ghost write that s#!+
i'm just as surprised nobody pointed out the multiple jokes in my last one. ho li cow, doq dynasty... still not alot of time to relax. i wish i had more of a break on spring break. i may be absent quite a bit as i'll be driving to colorado, skiing, and driving back.
i'm sorta bummed that nobody picked up on my game of thrones reference earlier.
and now i'm cracking open a schlitz and editing my book. i have so many irons in the fire, it gets exhausting sometimes.
@trinkets, my kc id
ok,  thanks creeper. i remember the name problem cb had now that you mentioned it.
trinkets, i'm the magical mix of tall and a bit fat, yet agile, that's perfect for dodgeball. nobody can hit me easily even though i'm such a big target. unfortunately, that does nothing for phones. i'm really going to ask my mom this break if she'll let me download it on her phone.
no chat feature, i think it would be tough because if you don't play a card after a bit, a timer starts to go off. cb can't switch his name her eon kickstarter because he's the creator of a project. and you can switch your name a lot.  at least at the moment, nothing is set, ... there can be more than one melissa.  its not like a screen name.
*while, not whole. my phone is celebrating st patrick's day.
sounds like a good day for you zem. except that you also feel like the fat kid in dodge ball.
also,  is there a chat feature whole playing?
ho li cow (fifth ruler of the doq dynasty), you guys are commenting up a storm here! and rubbing it in! i told you i don't have a phone to play this on! i'm already sad about it, but now i feel excluded. fortunately i'm over with exams, so i have that to lift me up. speaking of which, this exam was super easy (relative to this professor's infamous standards). 2 easy, one moderate, and one super hard exam. not too shabby. though on this last one, the first 3 questions were over something we covered once halfway between now and the beginning of the semester, in what the previous exam covered once and in no detail at all, only off-hand, and didn't cover in that exam even, when it was relevant. other than that? i would have failed if not for our awesome teaching assistant who basically went over the whole thing in recitation today knowing it would be impossible otherwise.
@cb, your what?
i'm still mad at ks for not letting me use mine here.
no, you can only choose from the premade avatars
also, just a suggestion,  would we all want to use our kc names?
so you have a choice of premade or your own avatars?
i could use another character myself.  i wish i could register my name.
my name is too long. i think i'm going to ask if they can change the character limit
i keep switching back and forth.  i've changed my avatar so many times today. :) which i could fit ....waaait.. i wonder if "mel creeper" would fit...  no!  i must get work done! i seriously have been on my butt all day!
btw, i thought you'd use your kc id.
i'm a little distracted bc the tarheels are playing.
yeah, but not many people are able to jump in at the moment. last night the oatmeal joined a game, but quickly jumped out. :(  sad.
hahahaha.
more than one can use the same code.
aww, c'mon.  i'm usually better than that!
ok, i have got to get some work done!  loved playing with cb and lz!!! :)  cant wait for more later.
awwwhhn,, trinkets!! noo!! just wait until we all can play!!  then i'll get fired from my job!!
i feel like the fat kid in dodge ball  :'(
that was leo. :)
gb jjk
maaan.... cb starts off right off the bat taking things from me!
246392
also ---- so many things i have no accomplished today
hehehe... again again!
... if you're still here ...
096109
good luck, trinkets!
i found the email request for ios beta testing. i replied asking if i could join android beta.
i played bella earlier today just by chance!  she lost rather quickly, later found out she was on a service call while playing. hahaha
i am super jelly of you guys (and girl)
@cb, we can only hope. @lz, i'll have to go check my email and see if i still have that old convo.
if so, get a game started and let me know!
i am. it's almost ready to go.
cb! if you're still around, i'll play expanded pack with you!
@lz, are you doing a hot sauce project?  i keep seeing hints in the comments.
the people in the crate were invited to join the android beta. you could try emailing bella and see if you could join the android beta because you were invited to join the ios beta and you're in the corps.
@trinkets, we can always hope they're still following the comments.
i received an email asking to participate in the ios version and told them i am android only. i wish i got asked to try the beta android.   :-(
android beta is out?  i should see if i can download it and compare it with the ios edition!  anyone know if it'll be coming out for windows phone, considering the source?
sorry, cb. my lunch ended. i couldn't have joined, anyway, because the android beta is only for the base deck.
of course when i have 15 minutes of a break before going to eat and then to my last exam, my computer locks up on me and i have to restart it. messing quite a bit up in the process. ` hello all again anyways. see you all again in like 3 or 4 hours after the exam.
oh well, maybe some other time.  i've been away most of the day working on my design for a wooden cyvasse board.  i'm going to need some help with the pieces though.
come on, don't tell me everyone left.
... party pack, i mean.  still haven't had anyone join my game.
074348 - expanded deck
it's a new take on attack. it lets you pick a target, and it's cumulative.
you get to slap your opponent? that is a brutal version of the game.
i just got done with a 4 player game. i was a target.
the slaps can be brutal! i was playing with four people and i had to take 7 turns!  :(
i miscounted the number of slaps ik the deck.
hahaha.... i actually yelled at you when you kept asking for cards!
273459
yes, just one minute
have you tried getting the expansion pack? i thought there was something like - it looks like you're going to pay, but once you go through the steps, it's free.  there are some evil cards on there!  one card just covers your cards with cat butts, so you can't see what you're playing!
sorry - i went to the "stranger" section hoping to find you, started a game with someone else.  totes kicked their butt. :)
hehe... play again?  i wish we could stay logged in together.
okay, that was fun
i've only played a few games...and that was in vegas before we went out to dinner one night.
871524
got it! wait momentarily please!
gm- you probably would. i'm out of practice and haven't been doing too well!
yes, but i can't do the expansion
lz!!! able to play a game right now? i'll start one and give you the code!
i want to be on the beta....i want the app...i want to beat you all at ek. >.>
i'm on the beta!
i wanna go home now. even though it was a small check run, i still ended up with a headache. and i didn't even have the pleasure of getting really drunk first.
that is exactly why you should enjoy those!
trinkets, that's a perfect picture! i feel like i'm going to yell that later on today not thinking about it and people are going to stare at me.
@trinkets: since the alcohol content is low for both of those beers, you should be alright.
http://m.imgur.com/0h3yety
i probably shouldn't enjoy  some guinness or killians seeing i am still taking muscle relaxers.  worst st patrick's day ever!!
i can't wait for me to get the app, either. i signed the nda for the android beta yesterday.
i'm wearing green pants, which is like half of my pants for some reason, my normal green jacket, and my one green shirt. the only thing i actually went out of my way for was pulling the green shirt to the forefront of my clothes. i'd have green socks too, but they're at home. ` hooray for cyber-leo!
i can't wait for you guys to all get the ek app/online play!! we can host private games.  since there aren't many people that have access to it/ it's hard to find people online at the moment, but i'm hooked!
...hmmmmm... i'm happy to hear there are more 'non-canned' responses.  but they are still always vague about "orders going out".  hoping tha being in nyc, i'll get it pretty quickly.  usually the case.  didn't realize i'd be so low on the list with this project!
also, apparently someone got a non-canned response about the east coast shipping. they are supposedly going out, but that remains to be seen.
i've accidentally booted our cat in the face when i take a step and he's sitting on the stairs...in the dark. but he usually just moves, then cries because there is no food(there actually is quite a bit still) in his dish.
gm- yeah. *sigh* no east coast word at all.  annoying.
hi guys! leo is doing very well- but has not calmed down a bit!  i accidentally round-house kicked him this morning!! not hard at all, but trying to avoid the attack of feet! :) he becomes a robot next week (microchip), and gets his final booster shots.  i'm trying to win him a astronaut kitty carrying case on instagram. :).
morning creeper! i'm doing not too bad...listening to some genesis, procrastinating on the filing i need to do(got about 1/2 of just the termination paperwork filed yesterday). still no word on the jackets i see. wonder when, or if they already have been, the containers will get to the east distribution center.
morning creeper. how is little leo healing up?
morning kittens!!!  how is everyone?
it seems weird that the check run days aren't specific days of the week...it would definitely be better to do it on a regular schedule than just randomly.
oh great. the cfo decided today would be a check run day. *sigh* i'll catch you kittens after quitting time.
today seems like a good day for genesis.
@gm: we are suppose to get snow tuesday of next week. nothing major. just enough to make the commute to work a pain in the ass. where is my springtime weather?
@geist: it's a bit too slippery outside right now to think about doing that. it snowed last night, and was snowing this morning/still is. and it's a wet snow, so it is turned to slush/ice quickly.
morning cb & gm. no tying one on and streaking though town. if i see you on youtube i will laugh at...i mean, with you.
i'm not wearing anything green. i'll have a shot for ole st. patty. that is as irish as i'm going to get today.
morning kittens! @cb: i actually planned it out to wear my green shirt today. though, i've seen quite a few people not sporting any green(that i can see...don't know if their skivvies were green or not).
hello kitties.  happy st patrick's day!
yikes! i just checked my shirt and it was ... orange!  brb...
@trinkets: i can never have too much chocolate. especially dark chocolate.
and a happy st patrick's day to everyone.
good morning, geist! good morning, zem! fun fact, i ate too many of those damn eggs years ago.  so now i can't touch those.
i'm just gonna leave this here http://www.thatsnerdalicious.com/candy/creme-egg-cashew-nut-butter/
i usually have a green pair of pants and jacket anyways, so all i needed to do was ration my one green shirt for today and voila, i'm wearing entirely green (except for shoes and socks; my green socks are at home, otherwise i totally would have worn them)
happy st. patty's day kittens. won't be indulging in much booze today as i will be preparing for a funeral tomorrow. no getting drunk and landing in jail. i don't have enough dough to bail you out and support lz's hot sauce campaign
also, i've only played that online multiplayer for my favorite game which i only discovered earlier this week somehow for one hour so far and would love to explore it more in-depth. ` also, to see why tuesday is my scapegoat, look no further than as of this second 1 day ago. it starts with "thus endeth shit", plus another comment or two after that encapsulate the day fairly well, though even then i left some out.
okay, you get it, busy week, i haven't even had time to pack for tomorrow since i'm leaving after my evening exam, so i'll probably leave at like midnight... at least the worst stuff is over. that was definitively tuesday. probably easily the worst day of the year.
plus, from this week that i've missed since i was so busy, 2 podcasts, 1 25 minutes, 1 3 hours, maybe another one or two if i remember, i'm behind just a tad on youtube videos, not a tradgedy, another 2 hour livestream to catch up on, a new episode of a show, 2 other past episodes of the 25 minute podcast i need to listen to, a movie and standup comedy i really want to see, and a weeks' worth of online comics (though i usually catch up on those once every 2-3 weeks). some of that i don't care about and would normally save for the weekend anyways (though i'll be in a car all of saturday and won't have time until like wednesday next week actually), some of them i really want to do as soon as possible, one is even time-sensitive.
now it's midnight, my online physics homework's due-time is expired, and i need to rest for 2 exams even though i have so much to do. at least i got some stuff done early. at least you guys have a set time for work needing done other than just "are you awake? good. you have work to do. unless you have class; then you have classes to go to." i think the university has me confused for an engineer. there's a reason i'm not an engineer.
that darn oatmeal guy. you think he may have helped create the game or something.
maaaaan...i was just rejected by the oatmeal.  he logged into my game, but jumped out before it started.
i... don't have a phone to play it on. maybe i can convince my mom to download it so i can try it out over spring break.
just played three rounds, i was second to last in first game, then got kicked out early second game, and just won third round against one other player.
aaaagh!  finally sat down and played exploding kittens online with strangers.  i love it!
it's only 10:45. in addition, i have plenty of work left. and got plenty today.
zem, get some sleep.
howdy creeper!!
hhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssss!!!!! *sniffs butt* ` that's cat for "hello!"
meow.
easiest exam of the year! and it was from calc ii, surprisingly. another person who took it also said it was like the easiest one of the semester. that's that then.
daaaaaaaaaamn. i'm glad i don't work for you,  zem.
it's not summer yet. back to work!
...my boss just told me to take advantage of how slow it's going to be over the summer and go home early...practically what she said at least. in other words, have a good night everyone.
lz, i hope that sauce campaign is coming along nicely... i'm almost out of the inferno. which funnily enough is not an inferno by any means. it's pretty mild, actually, which is what makes it such a great flavoring.
bakhan, polkarama is one of the best songs ever! ` i actually usually like polka. then again, i love nearly all music, and i've gone over how extensive and varied my pandora account is here already.
i have 3 words and one initial for ya. ... mollie b's polka party you're welcome.
i like weird al's polkas... and that would be about the extent of it... ;) too much oooom pa pa, ooooom pa pa for me! ;)
polka, now we're talking!
@gm, lol. yeah,  i know.  by caesar dressing is good.
my brother used to have this as his ringtone, which i thought was good because it was funny, sounded good, i only ever saw one other person with it as their ringtone, and that was surprising as hell, and it's easy to hear. plus, you'll answer it fast or else friends and family start laughing because it's funny as a ringtone: https://www.youtube.com/watch… though i've always really wanted this as my ringtone! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
now i don't have to check my phone every time i hear marimbas.
actually, since we're all loosely associated with kittens, there should be a lot of fish lovers here, the stinkier the better! send me all your old polka records, too!  i recently changed my ringtone to "bubbles in the wine!"
wow, i'm getting quite a stash!  i'll need to hire more minions! don't forget herring ... gotta love herring!
that would explain why they like them there but they're infamous here. i didn't like malt until i had british maltesers. whoppers and milk duds always were gross to me, but when i had those things it all changed. i got instantly addicted and had to really control myself so i didn't deplete all my dad's stash he brought back from england. they might be his favorite candy.
i didn't like anchovies until i had them in belgium. then i came home and hated them again. basically, americans pack them in way too much salt.
also with peanuts: you're not allergic to the peanut, you're allergic to i believe it's a fungus that grows on like 90% of all peanuts. it's harmless to humans and i think symbiotic to peanuts, but some people develop an allergy to it. that and the fact that peanuts are legumes are why peanut and general nut allergies are completely different.
or worcestershire sauce, gm. but that goes for anybody. ` am i the only one who loves fish alot? nearly all kinds, plus shellfish too! not the biggest fan of shrimp, though i like them, but crab, lobster, crawfish etouffee... new orleans is like heaven for that kind of stuff! also, i used to absolutely love all nuts except a couple! pistachios and cashews were the best! but then after my second wisdom tooth surgery, my taste somehow changed and now just the smell of nearly any nut whatsoever makes me very sick. yet my mom loves eating cashews in the car. it's like the worst fart in a car ever, but much different and worse. yet peanuts i still love. i don't know why, but they're legumes, not nuts, so i guess that has something to do with it.
@trinkets: if you like caesar dressing...don't look at the ingredients. ;)
*cb  (i have zero idea how it autocorrect made it lcb) my phone is drunk again.
lcb can also have all the fantastic 4 movies.
*i guess
sardines i guys i'm not a fan of and anchovies are just awful.
what's wrong with salmon?  i'm not a fan of crab, lobster, shrimp,  pretty much anything not fish.  i'll eat almost any kind of fish.  smoked chubs....yummy.
salmon. don't like it. cb can have that and all romance novels.
@cb: it would include all fish(with the exception of tuna as somehow i am not allergic to that particular one).
send all of your nuts and shellfish to charlotte.  i'll dispose of it for you.
@bakhan: i feel the same way with seafood...again, says the person with the allergy. :)
the world could do without peanut butter, peanuts, or nuts at all really... says the person with the allergy... ;)
@geist: yeah, i do complain about it most of the time, but i still like it most days(when everything falls into place properly and people aren't chewing with their mouths open...like eating peanut butter without eating peanut butter).
@geist, thanks!  the pup will be staying with friends (the same ones that noticed he was sick last year) and will be in good company, and with his best friend mocha, a gorgeous 100lbs pitty (who we nicknamed the yard hippo, cause she's grey and kinda looks like a hippo).  he will be in the best of hands, its kinda like a resort for him too!
well i accidentally slept through the first class, the one i was worried about missing if i slept in, but i woke up to my alarm and then woke up an hour later. so i skipped the next class since it's only review for exams. still not enough sleep, though.
don't you complain about your job most of the time?
@geist: i have bought a flask a while ago...i don't use it often though. as far as if i brought it to work...no, i kind of like my job(most days)...and after the performance review yesterday, i'm going to like it a bit more.
@gm: it is if you bought a flask
@bakhan: enjoy your time off with the mrs. you deserve it. where will puppy be while you are gone?
morning kittens! is today over yet?
good morning kittens! i'm pretty tired today, haven't been sleeping well that last couple of nights.  i could blame all of the stuff around me, but i think i just have too much on my mind to actually rest properly.  oh well, its a short week for me this week, i've taken off friday and am heading out to banff for the weekend with my wife, a well needed break from all the stresses of late.  looking forward to it!
@cb: you win on the subject of eye surgery. i wouldn't hesitate to get it done if i was having the same problems as you. will i get the surgery? maybe. it will be one of technology last things i fix when i am done with the rest of my top to bottom body tune up.
@zem, hang in there.  the craziness does't last forever.  i can remember a time back in my college days when i stayed up almost all night studying for an exam, fell asleep an hour before, and nearly missed it!  i wouldn't even be able to attempt that now at my age. yes, those were indeed the "good old days."
morning @geist.  i thought it was bad when i had to take the bus to work in charlotte, but then it was 1 hour each way and only one transfer!
morning kittens. did i ever mention how much i hate the d.c. transit system? the head honcho has decided to shut down the whole subway during a work day to do emergency inspections of the track. luckily for me the whole office is spending the day at a hotel to discuss the state of the company and as a meet and greet. otherwise, i would have to take 4 buses and 3 hours  (each way) to get to and from work without the subway.
that would be difficult. there's a brick wall behind that mirror, and behind that, outside. also, the mirror is sealed to the wall. to your credit, nobody would ever look there!
no,  i do not have a camera in your room.  just don't look behind the mirror.
trinkets, funny you should say that... i was watching key and peele with my roommate who's watching the series through a second time while doing homework. do you have a camera in my room or something? how'd you know?! and you're gorram right it is!
scratch that. it was a 7am to 11 pm kind of day. and now i get to eat! a whole macaroni cup! what do these people think i am, an engineering student?!
*some not shine.  but watching firefly is gorram shiny!
or do what i'm doing.  grab some crackers,  a glass of h2o, and watch shine firefly.
holy crap, zem. you need to take a little breather and enjoy some zem time. grab a sammy, a glass of gatorade,  and watch some key & peele.
thus endeth shit. i can handle a normal tuesday of mine. i can even handle feeling sick and beaten, the fact that a major exam is later, i have no time to study for it, etc. it's harder when i run a half hour longer in lab than is even allowed because of absolute bs happening to me and only me somehow. it's even harder when that runs into time to eat.  when that all runs into one big ball of hell of a 7am-9pm day with a really labor intensive lab running late, a major exam i had no time to study for, likely failed, and to top it off got wrongfully humiliated in (i don't know why the proctor told me to move, either because now there was room for everyone to be 2 seats apart instead of next to eachother or he somehow thought i was cheating (p.s., i wasn't.)), and on top of all that, i didn't even get to eat anything since 7:30 am, that's when i'm having a goddamn wonderful day. i'm seriously considering skipping tomorrow morning and sleeping in as long as possible. the first class is the first one after an exam, still not a good idea, the second and third are review for the coming exams, and then i have a recitation. which i forgot i have a shit ton of work to do for reci. well, i guess it's only 9:30.
tell me about it being dry...my hands haven't cracked, but they look dried out almost constantly. doesn't help right now since i have been dealing with the backlog(since july) of filing to do.
@cb, that sounds like one helluva situation.  i knew retina could become unattached,  i never knew about the air bubble thing.  that sounds like a mini form of hell.
@gm, because its march, in canada, and even though we all thought winter was over, it has a mind of its own.  also, we need the moisture!  its sooooooo dry here right now!
@gm, ain't that the truth!  the funny thing is, she is so worried about what other people think all the time.  i think she's foxy as hell, she thinks she's ugly.  i tell her all the time how amazing i think she looks, and try to compliment her as often as i can (which isn't natural to me, i just don't think like that), but all to no avail.  i blame her parents on that one.  when she and her sister were young, they were told that my wife was the smart one and her sister was the pretty one, and now, my wife thinks shes ugly and my sister in law thinks she's dumb.  the worst part is they're both wrong! oh well... i have tried and am still trying to change their opinions of themselves. fwiw i think a person looks their best when they feel good about themselves, its confidence that makes people attractive, imo anyways. @cb, that sound horrible, i'm glad that you can still see!  i have a friend that has the same problem, he has only had to have one of his retina's reattached, but he's been told he could get bumped and go blind, so he's happy to be able to still see at all.
also...why is it snowing?!
i'm glad i don't need the surgery. i *could* get it, but it won't do anything except remove the need for glasses. and depending on who you talk to/listen to, i look better with glasses.
hi everybody.  laser surgery is definitely easier than what i went through in 2001.  it started over christmas vacation when i started seeing black specks, then black curtains in my eyes.  i was visiting my parents, so i did;t tell anyone until i got back home.  i called my eye doctor and described the curtains in my eyes. "umm ... you need to come have your eyes examined today!" well, ok.  i let my manager at work know that i needed to see the eye doctor "today," and went in to her office.  she examined my eyes with one of those lenses that shows her the back of the eye.  "um, we need you to be examined by our retinal surgery specialist right now," she said. oh, ok. the retina specialist used the same instrument to examine my eyes.  "u,, you need surgery today!" by now i was getting the idea, so i called my wife and had her meet me at the eye doctor's office.  then we went over to the hospital and i had surgery to reattach my writher retina. 11 days later i had surgery to reattach my left retina.  when i woke up. i was effectively blind because both eyes had air bubbles in them to help me heal.  it was just my luck i got one of those "perky" nurses who threw the curtains open and exclaimed, "there you go, can you see better now?" "um, ma'am, i'm blind." "but ... i thought you only had the operation on one of your eyes." "yeah, but eleven days ago i had the same operation on my other eye." i spent the next couple of months sitting (and sleeping) with my face toward the floor so that the little air bubbles in my eyes pushed on the retinas to make sure they stayed where they belonged. after that, i developed cataracts in both eyes, so i had surgery to replace the lenses in both eyes.  this was more like the laser surgery you all have been talking about, only they completely remove the natural lens and insert a plastic one in its place.  it was a lot easier than the retinal surgery, believe me. probably the worst part of the whole ordeal was after the air bubbles were gone, my eye doctor used a laser to, basically "tack weld" the retina in spots to keep it where it belongs.  i still have a fold in my right retina, but my left one has been working fine ever since.
so...i had my performance review not that long ago. my manager disagreed with my own assessments on a few items. apparently i went too low on my self assessment.
@gm: :-p
@bakhan: most women don't agree with most men when they say something makes them look cute. even when it's 100% the truth, and more than one person comments on it.
@zem, uh huh... *nods sagely* @geist, my wife is in the same boat.  she just had a horrible incident with contacts last year, alergies, scratch cornea... not good.  when we can get back on our feet, we're going to get her in for laser eye surgery.  she hates her glasses, i think they make her look cute... oh well. ;)
*cheers,  not heres.
@bakhan: i am thinking of getting the eye surgery because my sight has gotten so bad, that i wear glasses all the time now. i use to be able to wear just contacts for reading and long range but that isn't working anymore. if i could just correct my vision to what it was like in my 20's (i've been wearing glasses since the 3rd grade) i would be happy.
i second the qc job. although, it would turn out like norm on. here's when he got the beer tasting job.
crack that whip lz! show her who is boss! when you get your sauce empire going, can i be vp of quality control?
i'm 1.5 hours away from telling an employee that she has three months to improve her performance....
bakhan, i know what comes after this, and i can't freaking wait. even if i don't get a very good job, it's much nicer than the irregularities, strange work hours, and wildly uneven stress levels college is famous for. still, better than last exam week; every day was an 8am to 2-4 am kind of day. at least i still have spring break to regain sanity and catch up on sleep from the last 3 months now of too little sleep every day that are finally catching up. at the very least, can i have more than 10 minutes to eat on tuesdays?! that's the worst part of it all! well, back to the grind.
i just wanna say that i co-sign what lz said. i really need to think about having a flask at my desk on tuesdays
i'm pretty sure today is the reason alcohol was invented.
@gm, no complaints here.  the dog is doing good, my gaming group is getting together to play some z:bp tonight, my wife is happy, life's good! @trinkets, i'm so sorry to hear that!  hopefully they can help you out!  i can only imagine how painful that must be! :(
good morning all. back is still crappy. going in either today or tomorrow to get checked out again.
morning kittens. how it everyone today?
good morning kittens! @geist, i strongly recommend getting the eye surgery!  my cousin was one of the first to have it done in canada, many many years ago, his eye sight is still 20/20, even for reading.  he needed to have it done to be a fighter pilot, which was his lifes dream to follow in his dads footsteps.  total knob of a guy, but i guess most pilots are... ;) that had nothing to do with the surgery. @zem, well look after yourself youngbuck!  it could also be stress, which given all the exams and whatnot, wouldn't be all the surprising.  play your games, but get your sleep as well, you'll get through this.  i know it may sound like sometimes we're down playing what you're going through, but we just know what is coming after, and want to point out that these times you're having now will eventually be the good old days... thats all.  you know what?  fly in the face of it and have a great day to spite it! @trinkets, hope your back is feeling better.
today promises to be a great day. *sarcasm alert!*
hell, i don't care about pins and needles. i'd go blind for a week to not have to worry about my eyes again! hell, if i don't wear glasses or contacts, i have immeasurably bad  eyes (worse than 20/200, which means if i don't wear at least glasses, i'm legally blind). same for teeth. i had all the worst experiences with them and could go on forever with stories of pain my teeth have caused from braces to the worst type of wisdom teeth to chipping... it's all from my mom. my dad, meanwhile, is 50 and still has 20/10 vision (amazingly perfect, especially at 50) and perfect teeth (discounting his cavities; he never took care of them).
yeah,  power back on
ugh. powe're went out on this side of town about a half hour ago.
geist, it was more like sawdust in my eyes. and it only lasted 4-6 hours. but again. .......it was totally worth it.
it's somewhat different, zem. it is more pronounced than it was before my surgery.
so wait, you're awake? and have to keep your eyes open? how does that work? it seems to me if you were awake, you couldn't keep focused on one spot for so long. i'm probably really wrong, but how's all that work out?
i really need laser surgery, and i will someday. also, normal people don't see like a cross or shine around bright lights, especially at night? oops.
maybe razor blades was too extreme.  but it was only a few hours the night of the surgery. by morning it was gone.  that really was the only discomfort.  nothing else was painful.
@trinkets: i read that 3 times and i'm not sure if it made me feel better or worse about the surgery. especially number 3. do you find that your eyes are dry more often? (i heard that is one of the side effects of getting this surgery)
as for the cutting,  it was really neat.  they put a ring around your eye that applies pressure,  raises the cornea,  and cuts of your vision.  then they put this little guillotine that slices the cornea.  you never feel it or even know it was done. they cut both eyes in about one to two minutes total. the wrist parts are the peeling the flap back and after care. and they weren't that bad.    this was 18 years ago,though.
no. no problems. this is my experience. 1) after they slice the cornea,  they peel the flap open.  probably the weirdest feeling i have ever had in my life.  not painful,  just eerie. 2) the smell of the lazer zapping the cornea away smells a lot like burning hair.  3) i could immediately see better when i walked out of the clinic. but later that night,  it felt like there were razor blades in my eyes. that only lasted that night.  the feeling was gone by morning.  4) it was 2 weeks of eye drops that tasted like metallic ass. (yes,  the drops work themselves into your throat) and taping plastic shields over your eyes every night so you don't accidentally pretty the flaps open.  4) lights at night now have halos around them. i guess it's different with everybody.  mine aren't too bad.  it doesn't affect my driving.  5) one of the best decisions i have ever made.  i would easily go through all that again.  totally worth it imo.
@trinkets: you mentioned awhile back that you has laser surgery on your eyes? have you had any problems since? i was thinking of getting it done but i'm scared to have my eyes cut while awake
well, i found out last night my favorite game has an online multiplayer... on exam week. tell my professors i love them and my parents i won't be coming to class anymore.
i haven't had a proper drink in over 2 weeks.
my condolences,  geist.
my apologies for being so quiet today. i found out this morning that the president of our company passed away over the weekend. he is the reason why i have the job i have now. the funeral will be this friday. i didn't know him for very long but he was a very nice man and he will be sorely missed
as am i, trinkets, though maybe being dead for a week isn't such a bad idea. i feel really terrible, and i haven't even hit the part of my week that will cause extreme stress, i.e. 4 exams, 3 in a 24 hour period.
glad you're not dying, zem
everclear. great band, horrible booze. unless you pour a shot into a glass then pour a beer on top of it. that's an everbeer. we made that up years ago. i suggest nobody ever do that.  ever!! never ever eeeeeevvvvveeeerrrrrr!!!
howdy all. been too long since i've been on. dealing with some back issues. hopefully things are trending in the right direction.
well, i wouldn't go that far. just that being debilitatingly tired has little to nothing to do with my inevitable and creeping death. ` *proceeds to not show up here for weeks- is probably, ironically dead*
ok. good. i'm glad you're definitely not dying.
speaking of weather, it's like 77 out right now! it's great! and we're supposed to have the first thunderstorm of the year so far at 9 pm! i'm liking today. too bad the rest of the week gets down to 60 and then the highs for late this week are even below 50. and then i'm going skiing. i was just getting used to the warmth! so were the birds outside my window!
... except that i've spent all day in large, open classrooms, outside, and in my room with the windows wide open because it's a nice day.  i just said that sleeping made me feel the exact same as before, i.e. cripplingly tired, but now i could keep my eyes open. now i feel like more of a normal day, just normally tired as hell.
if you can rule out dehydration, then what you're describing sounds like acute hypoxia, which can be caused by too much co2 building up in a poorly ventilated area, but is more commonly caused by carbon monoxide poisoning. either way, you should open a window. and probably go outside...to go to the store and get a co detector.
no, it's nothing like that. also, you'd be amazed how much water i drink. i have a large theater cup nearly always at my desk and like a filter pitcher, but without the filter, full (like 3 or 4 extra gallons, actually!). i've been very seriously dehydrated before, both acutely and over extended periods of time, so i know what that's like, this isn't it. it was exactly like if you have maybe 10 hours of sleep over 4-5 days (which has happened to me as well). it's better now, but thankfully i don't have to try to focus on a lecture or anything. i got plenty of sleep, so i have no idea how it felt like i hadn't had any in days.
yep. do you have a headache, zem?
@zem, hydrate!  drink some water and do some deep breathing (10mins or so, breath in count slowly to 5, exhale, count to 5, breath in...).  the water and the oxygen will help your brain!  your description of the way you feel right now, says to me, dehydration.
i just took a really good nap and it had no effect whatsoever. my eyes may be open-ish now, but i can't speak in complete sentences without thinking long beforehand. i can't even think in complete sentences without pausing for some time to figure out what it is, if it's a complete sentence, if it makes sense, and if it makes sense in context. i can't judge time worth a damn either, so if i do pause, then i may pause for a very long time. and if something distracts me, my brain instantly dumps all that work. yeah, i don't think i'm tired. i'm either severely drunk, sleepwalking, or i've been drugged.
congrats, @gm!
@cb: because my nephew joined the world on the 9th. that is the reason. :p
@gm, lol! how can you get something as cool as these coins and "forget" to try them out?
@zem, it's called ultra coins and we can always use more backers. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1719872687/ultra-coins
it's one of those days... you know the kind: when trying not to fall asleep is so difficult your eyes cross severely just trying. i nearly nodded off dozens of times today. yup, this is what naps were invented for.
ooh, there's another great cliche name for your company! awesome sauce! cringe-worthy! what coins were these again, guys? i feel like i want some now!
i think so, yeah. haven't figured out exactly what, though.
@lz, awesome sauce! i can't wait, are you going to offer any eb's?
i got the video footage on saturday and sent it off to be edited. soon, kitties, soon...
@gm, well these are both prototypes so, if this game actually takes off the way they want it to, could be worth a lot more, as they are extemely limited.  either way though, they are cool, and i think it was great of jm to give them out to us.  i plan on using the spell caster as a d10 for gaming!
i think it's awesome, now we have a misprinted one, that as long as it's never damaged, could potentially(in 10-15 years) be worth more.
yep, got that note.  i found myself fidgeting with them all weekend.  whenever i took a break from painting and was sitting in my comfy chair, i would be spinning them and twirling them through my fingers.  they feel awesome, and the weight of them is quite nice as well.
yeah, that will be a nice bonus since the main reason i backed it was the art work. did you get a note in the package saying the serial number for one of them was off-centre?
the art work is quite nice.  what i really liked about them was that the epoxy coating.  its very thick, and i think will protect the artwork for a long time!
i got them friday, forgot to test them out over the weekend. will have to do it tonight when i get home. one thing i noticed, the artwork is well done.
@gm, same  problem here, when i started, but its gotten better now.   did you get your coins yet?  i got my samples on friday!  they are awesome!
also, you know it will be a long day when everything takes 5 minutes, if not more, to open. even emails, and their attachments.
morning kittens. is it wednesday yet?
g' mornin' kittens. busy day ahead.
but it'll be up to 78 today, so we've got that going for us.
it's cold and really tired today. i'm tempted to skip the entire day of any work and sleep. good morning!
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. it is cold and rainy today. i am so tempted to call out sick and stay home snuggled under the covers
that's kinda the point. it's pure alcohol, usually just to add to another drink to make it stronger. or in some cases to have a bit added to it to give it just enough flavor. but yeah, when it's pure, it's just ethanol, which would only taste like ethanol.
the trouble with proofs that high is you lise a lot of the character of the mash and everything becomes grain neutral.  it no longer matters whether you start with corn, rye, or just plain sugar.  all you're left with is the alcohol.
the 196 proof everclear (as pure as you can get alcohol before you have to run benzene or something through it to remove the water) is illegal in most states, though i don't think it is in alaska. but i think my parents said it was moonshine, actually. geist, i'm not going to ask how you know any of that. ` hey, i have 200 proof alcohol, fully pure, in lab! only problem is that, as i said before, you have to run benzene or something through it, and those are carcinogens and can be left in the alcohol in small amounts, so it's risky, but we could use it!
everclear is drinkable gasoline and has about the same effect as drinking real petrol
it could have been everclear. that staff's legal and is 190-195 proof.
my mom's favorite things are swiss creme, which she makes sure to bring back as much as customs will allow every trip to switzerland they take, or every time someone from switzerland comes here, and left hand brewing company (from denver) milk stout. those are about all she really ever says she loves, but she really loves them. it probably helps that we have a swiss ex-exchange student who meets us here or there at least once a year and that the founder of left hand was roommates with my uncle at air force academy. we get free, extensive, vip tours if we mention we're closely related to brad. or at least i will in another year and change... one of the few bad parts of being the youngest here.
i know angry orchard isn't seasonal, but i think they had a seasonal kind, or that's the one he liked in the off-season of his favorite cider. i should go to bed early, but it's now 1 (really 2) am anyways. ' my parents were in alaska, and their hosts had some of the good stuff: i think they said it was over 190 proof moonshine (probably not the legal stuff, huh? nearly pure alcohol!) mixed with just a bit of really good rum for flavor. it was one of the best things they'd ever tasted, which i didn't think my mom would even be able to smell that strong of alcohol! my dad, though, that's right up his alley. something to sip slowly, really strong, and with good rum. that right there is 3 times what he likes in a drink.
woolly cow! that's alot of conversation after i had been here 5 hours with nothing! here goes...
it's okay, cb.
don't forget to set your clocks ahead on hour tonight
i want to make a batch of cherry bounce when the fruit is in season.  heard it's really tasty
my guess is that it was probably shipped via a container ship.
oops, sorry about the spoiler, lz ...
i wonder what the custom people thought when they saw all of that, very flammable, booze
that is a very entertaining show. i've seen almost through the end of season 4. i keep hoping things turn out well for tim.
if it's made in va, then i should be able to find a bottle in d.c.
during the season finale of moonshiners, tim smith was just barely able to fulfill an order from poland of 10,000 cases.  that guy is a mechanical genius!
@lz, i'd like to help you out, but i don't want to be caught transporting liquor across state lines.  it's available here in north carolina, even though it's produced in virginia.  if you are ever in the vicinity, you may want to pick up a bottle.
@lz: too easy
i want to try climax, but i can't get it where i live.
the grain neutral moonshine mixes a lot like vodka.
i haven't tried the fruit flavored moonshine, but it is pretty popular.
any booze that is 160 proof i would use as lighter fluid. some liquor stores in my area sell flavored moonshine. if i did decide to drink some, it would be mixed with a ton of other stuff. peach flavored moonshine, for example
actually, even the illegal stuff is cut to a lower proof before being sold.
@geist, the moonshine i buy has been cut to 80 proof.  it will give you a kick, but not like the undiluted stuff, which can reach concentrations greater than 160 proof.  one sip of that would be enough to knock me to the floor.
when distilled properly, moonshine does not have poison in it.  that's why you need to be sure of your sources.  the requirements for getting a liquor license are very strict, keeping the bd guys out.  i trust what i find at my state-run liquor store.  i like climax because i know where it comes from and it has a distinct corn flavor, unlike some of the grain neutral brands i have tried.  climax is made by tim smith in a commercial distillery, not a backyard still.
wait. moonshine has poison in it? why am i not shocked? no wonder it was blinding people back in the day. plus, that stuff would give me an instant hangover
actually, i'm still in the middle of spring cleaning. trying to organize and box stuff up is taking longer than i thought it would. at least the weather was decent. we are due for heavy rain showers for the next few days so my hair will be a mess
wow, crickets.  everyone must have gone to bed early to get ready for daylight savings time.
i only buy the legal stuff, but any good moonshiner knows enough to throw out the first part of a run to get rid of the poisonous stuff.
moonshine?! oh hell no. i'm scared of that drink. i keep thinking i'll go blind if i drink a glass of it.
my favorite libation right now is climax moonshine.  i developed a taste for it after watching moonshiners on tv.
angry orchard isn't seasonal.
oh yeah, i wasn't here today, unusually, because of my brother's eagle scout ceremony, the official ceremonial thing. it was fun, but we were there a long time after it ended, so now we're all really tired.
i forget which one my dad loves, i think it's angry orchard, or one of their types, i'm not sure right now, but it's one of his favorite drinks at all. i think it's a seasonal one, but he really loves it and buys entire boxes of it every once in awhile.
@lz: i recently purchased a bottle of crispin hard apple cider. i had a sample of it and it was tasty. i'm gonna open the bottle when the weather gets warmer.
indeed. i find i'm getting some good editing done. i haven't looked at the book in about a year and a half or so (maybe longer). the fresh look is helping me see a lot of fat that can be trimmed...and a lot of things that just need to be rephrased to help with flow and readability.
officially up at noon, leftover popeye's for breakfast, computer to lounge on... it's a pretty good morning.
no, i bought some at the grocery store. though, my friend and i do have plans to make mead this year.
@lz: you making ale now?
so i'm editing my book. i stepped out to get some refreshment and decided to take the plunge. i gotta say, when they say best damn apple ale, they ain't lyin'!
have a great weekend everyone!  i'll see ya'll on the flip side!
i don't even need to roll for intimidation, i just basically have a 3 or 4 going in, which can intimidate most of entire armies! and the more legendary i become, the more intimidating i become. the only downside is it's hard for me to disguise myself.
i was going to say "i was born, ergo, canada needs to give me all of their maple syrup" but i thought that was harder than getting with john oliver.
oh god, we're making my character for a one-off rpg campaign right now. he's a legend, a miraculous fighter who carries a large masterwork orc great club named glamdring (foe-hammer, the beater, from the hobbit) who doesn't even need armor because his charisma is so high he can shrug off attacks (uses different stats in place of armor as a skill) who is... a 5 foot man with a purple beard named https://youtu.be/mdp-abzprx8… .
@geist, lolz, well i guess a girl can dream... ;) good luck with that btw... ;)
i was born, ergo, i should be the one married to john oliver
aww shucks, guys, yer embarrascin' me!
it's also nice to have you back on here, cb! we really missed you all that time! good to hear things are leveling back out.
@cb, i'm glad to hear that, i know that last year was a hard one for you!  ots man, only the strong survive! (thats you btw...)
everything's cheaper the less people live in a region. just living on a coast increases cost of living by a substantial amount. the midwest is consistently one of the cheapest areas and by far the most happy and best quality of life region of the nation.
if you want a house, live far away from a city. especially in such large and open areas as the midwest. houses here cost maybe as much as a nice apartment in a large city. and most houses here are pretty nice, and even in cities have at least a small yard. in the village i lived in, most houses had like a half acre of just yard for fun and don't actually cost that much, maybe like a fifth or less of what they would in a city.
i just got back to work recently after months of searching.  i have to say it feels pretty good.
it just seems to be so prevalent in society today, this sense of entilement, i was born, ergo, i deserve to be treated specially and be taken care of.... umm no! get a job, na na na na na na na na na, get a job,....
i used to have a friend who couldn't understand why i got pissed at him for doing everything he could to try to get disability benefits. he thought his inability to maintain a job meant he had a disability. it didn't. it just meant that he was obnoxious. the government did have him talk to an analyst to see if he did have a disability that prevented him from working. according to him (he was a pathological liar), the analyst recommended that he not work as part of a team or with the general public, but still said he didn't qualify. his reaction was that those restrictions meant he'd have to become a trucker. he was told there were other options, but that certainly would work. he talked to me to try to get my help in figuring out how to get benefits despite this assessment. i told him to suck it up and start driving truck. he protested, saying that he didn't have a driver's license. my response was the same as the government's: "get one, you lazy shit!" though i doubt the government went beyond the first two words.
@geist, and that precisely the problem in the world today.  too many people taking money, that is there for people in need.  not having a job, and not being able to get a job are two completely different things!  i know of some women who stay pregnant most of the time in order to get more money off of welfare.  this is crap!  instead of giving them welfare money, they should be giving them a tubal liagation!  no more babies for you!  people scamming insurance etc., it all adds up, and thats why desperate people, people in real need, and worthy of being helped are cast out, and colored with the same lable as those scammers.  stupid greedy ass human nature!  why when we are so capable of reaching such fantastic hieghts, do we constantly seek the lowest depths?  why do people always take the easy way out?  where is the pride in doing it yourself, and the compasion to let others in more desperate need get the help that they need, a hand up, not a hand out?
i wasn't raised to be a free loader, or a mooch, can't do it. funny you should say that. i had a conversation with someone yesterday and i mentioned that i've only gotten government services once in my life. (i was out of work and got food stamps for a month and a half) i know folks who are on all the government assistant programs but i can't bring myself to do it even when i need it. i've worked since i was a teenager and loathe the thought of sucking on the government teat. congrats for folks that need it but i've seen plenty that don't really and they are living very comfortable indeed.
@geist, oh i do get to buy the product at cost +5%, so around half of retail, but thats still a lot of money, i bought all the furnaces, humidifiers, a/c stuff at cost and it was still 10k.  the other 20k was the install, which i also got a break on.  things are typically more expensive in canada, as we have to get most it shipped up here, from the states, and the cost of $ exchange, you can get a lot better pricing down there, as it is a more competetive and open market.  a lot of products here are only available through certain distributers and they make sure they get their cut! ;)  i do have some wealthy friends, but its also akward as they don't apppreciate how i could have an issue with them wanting to pay for things.  lets go do x, i'll pay, don't worry about it.  nope, sorry, gonna worry about it, i wasn't raised to be a free loader, or a mooch, can't do it.
also, the reason why i want to buy a house is that rent in the city is way out of my price range ($1,200 to $4,000) and even though i'm in a nice priced studio, the rent goes up every year and soon i will be priced out if this unit as well. if i can buy a house outright and fix it up, it would free up much needed income and i could start saving for school. i don't fancy working two jobs again. (too old and too tired)
@cb, yeah, but i only design, and i don't make comission, so my customers are the ones that get to make the real money.  its like they say, work for the masses and live like the classes, work for the classes and live like the masses.... ;)
good grief bakhan. you need to make friends with these rich folk. i would think you would be able to get a deep discount since you work for the company and it is your design.
@bakhan nice work, if you can get it.
what really sucks for me, is the heating systems i design, i can not afford!  most of the houses i design for are multi-million dollar homes, make mine look like a tiny little crappy shack by comparison... ;)  i've done houses with artificial rivers running through them, tropical aviaries with exotic birds and plants, a mountain for displaying dead animals (some people call them trophies...), a giant 12' wide 20' tall water fall... its crazy man!
@cb, good morning sir!  my wife and i feel very lucky to be able to own a home, a lot of my friends and family do not.  honestly if it wasn't for my wife (she's a doctor), we would still be renting as well.  we are house poor, but seeing as how we are mostly home bodies anyways, it suits our lifestyle.
hello kitties.  i'm reading all of this remodeling stuff and feeling very jealous, since i rent.
@geist, if you thought that was a lot, you don't want to know what my deck cost... ;)  last year between my furnaces, the deck, and doggie related bills, we dropped over 100k, we are not rich btw.  we won't be able to do anything to renovate/continue to renovate for a couple of years.  the furnaces all needed to be replaced, the were original to the house so, 1980, and they all had cracked heat exchangers, not safe!  we felt that it would be foolish to replace them and not add on the a/c, so there was that.  the deck was old, non-pressure treated construction, and wasn't safe to even stand on, so, that had to go.  given the the fact that i hate having to maintain things, ie; painting, i went for one made out of composite material, won't rot, won't fade, doesn't stain, warrantied for 35 years, and it only cost 1/3 more to do it that way.  and, my dog is priceless so, yeah... last year was expensive.  thankfully we were in a place where we could afford to do all of those things, before the economy tanked.  on the upside, my house is worth much more now than those improvements cost so, at least there's that.  yep, houses can be expensive.
@lz, check out this tub... i want this for my ensuite! so bad... http://eagousa.com/whirlpool-tubs/eago-am186-6-round-drop-in-floor-white-acrylic-whirlpool-bath-tub.html#
@bakhan: that sound you heard was my jaw dropping to the floor. wow, that was a lot of money. the houses that i am looking at are row houses, built in the 60's. 90% of them has unfinished basements. all will need to be re-carpeted and repainted. some have holes in the ceiling and i will have to replace the boiler in order to get hot water.
ooooh! that rainforest shower sounds amazing!
and they're off! seriously, this is alot for a morning! i woke up, thought "oh, that was a nice sleep!", and then realized it's friday and i didn't get up with my alarm. after freaking out for a second and trying to find my glasses so i could see what time it is (it's annoying that i can't see literally 8 inches away to be able to read the time), i found it was only 25 minutes late. that woke me straight up, though. i thought it was like noon and i'd missed all my classes. all 2 of them. hate when this happens.
@geist, there are many options.  it will really depend on how the house is set up, but a air to air heat pump might be a good option as well.  it literally moves the heat outside your house.  cold isn't a thing, its an absence of a thing.  when i found that out it blew my mind!  but yeah, depending how the house is set up, thats probably the way i would go.  last year, i had my three furnaces replaced (the ducting was already in) and added two condesing units (a/c).  it cost just shy of $30,000.00, so even if we took that and divided by three, accounted for the price difference between cad and usd, and adding in that you would need to install ducting, it would probably cost you in the neighbourhood of 15-20k to install central air.  one thing that we could look into is radiant cooling, basically running slightly chilled water through your heating system and making it work backwards.  it would need to be carefully set up or it would destroy your radiators, but it can be done, and it is awesome!
morning bakhan. i had a question for you. if radiator heat is great in the winter months, what would you recommend to cool a house in the summer? plain air conditioners?
@lz, for your shower, you might want to consider floor mounted body sprays... just saying...  i've sold some pretty wicked shower systems.  theres a self contained one called the tropical rain forest, it has body sprays all over, a foot well to soak and massage your feet, a huge overhead rain head, built in speakers (which are actually pretty high quality), and choromatherapy lights that change colour, i've been drooling over that one for many years now... its not too expensive, if you own a hot sauce empire anyways... ;)
good morning kittens!
friday. i just want my 8 hours at work over with so i can start the weekend
@creeper: happy to hear that famous customers are nice and polite, unlike some of the non famous ones. how is leo holding up? still trying to lick his stitches?
what have i missed kittens?  baking a lot.  also-waited on jason alexander recently and he is sooooo nice!! even had a few moments where constanza came through and i was giddy.
yup! i'll dispense quests, inform you that your presence was requested by the king, and give general all-around terrible information about the world i live in! and no, you don't get experience for killing me.
sooo...you'll be an npc, then?
lz, will you make that shower one of those 1 gallon/second showers? those look amazing! and expensive... hmm, i think i found my future job! not working in your hot sauce emporium, but in your castle! as... professional walker-arounder and... head rustic-architectural-inspector-and-appreciator. and i'll overtime with general relaxation duty.
actually, zem, before bakhan said his piece, i was already planning on heated stone floors in the bathroom. and the shower! the shower will be a thing of beauty; it will be a cave-like stony alcove with a large rain-style shower head recessed into the ceiling and sprayers built into the walls.
@geist, it can be done! try to buy a home where the basement isn't finished yet, that will make it easier. we'll make that floor and bathtub toasty! it's pretty easy actually.
heated stone floors? like those hot stone massages? you just take stones out of the fire and build the hallway as you go.
bakhan, that sounds great!
awwww bakhan. you didn't tell me that when i was talking about my house. heated bathroom floors sound heavenly
@lz, when it comes time to build castle zombitten let me know. you'll have the best heating system in the world! we'll go geothermal with radiant heating and cooling, boilers for back up and hot water recovery. heated floors, heated walls... radiators will only be for decoration! ;) sorry couldn't help myself. worse even is i'm at home now. okay enough work stuff!
lz, having skipped most of the house conversation because it's so long and doesn't apply to me, if that was referencing it, then it sounded completely random and hilarious! and if it wasn't referring to something in the housing conversation, it was completely random and hilarious! buy neuschwanstein or something like that! i mean, i doubt you'll have that much money, but if you do, totally buy that!
when i get rich on sauce and can afford to have my castle built, i'm planning on using radiators.
@geist, well, whatever i can do to help, just let me know! ;)
@bakhan: i've screened shot all of your advice. this will be valuable to me when i start looking at tlc homes. i was planning on pricing how much cabinets and other stuff will cost before i start making offers. that way, i can get a better understanding of how long it will take me to get the place in truly livable condition. at least i won't have a mortgage so i can save a few thousand every 6 months to make the upgrades.
@geist, radiators are awesome, and you can find some really nice ones out there, it also cuts down on ducting and the need to accomodate it, ie: bulkheads, droped ceilings, etc.  a boiler, even mid efficiency is much more efficient than the highest end furnace.  its actually moisture / water that carries heat anyways, so boilers actually do make more sense.  also, if its already installed, it would be very costly to change it over to forced air (or what we in the hydronic industry refer to as scorched air...)
@geist, i absolutely hate to be the bearer of bad news.... but those two areas are the easiest to spend money in!  they are the biggest selling features of a house typically, in that order kitchen, then bathroom.  if i were you, i would start taking a look at pricing now, so that you're not shocked by sticker prices when you go to buy.  honestly, $10, 000 (up here anyways) doesn't go very far.  normally, you'd be looking at a modest reno of either one for that kind of money.  kitchens alone, depending on how far you go, could easily by 2 to 3 times that budget.  especially if you're looking at new appliances as well.  to get a better idea of the costs on things, take a look online at some of the big box retailers (home depot, etc.) and see what they are charging for material, and what it will cost for install.  if i were you, i would hold off on the granite counter tops for now, it is something that can be done later without too much trouble, and i'm worried that alone would kill your budget.  my advice would be go for function first, then later, when you can afford to do more, make it pretty.  there are lots of options (that don't look cheap) for kitchen counter tops that would be much more affordable.  butcher block for example, cultured stone (man made, but can still look quite nice), anyways, it would depend on your tastes.  if you have any wiggle room in your mortgage, you might want to see if you can squeeze any extra reno dollars out of it as it will most likely be your best rate of interest.  that being said, a line of credit can also come in quite handy when you own a home.  things happen, and when they do they can be expensive, and not optional to fix.  its best to be prepared.  just looking out!
thankfully, there's not much for me to comment on. wait... never thought i'd say that.  not alot of time to sit and relax because of lunch with my mom and brother, but it's still better than tuesdays. and after lab, i really intend on taking a nice, long nap. one of those days. oh, and next week is finals week with classes. i have 4 exams again, 3 in a 24 hour period once again... i'd say thank god the next week is spring break, but that's why they're all right at the last second.
@bakhan: not sure about the age of the house but i can look that up. the houses i've looked at are all heated with radiators. i was hoping to change that to central air once i get everything else fixed the way i want it. i'm hoping that when i buy the house, i will have $10,000 to get at least half of the place fixed up within a month. the kitchen and the bathroom are on the top of the list because i need to eat and shower. i think i'd like the living room and dining rooms to be wooden floors. i'll take your advice about carpet in the bedrooms because my feet get cold in a heartbeat even thought i have some very warm slippers.
dang it gm, i had to ask!  now i have to have some of those coins.  i love the full-color epoxy coated center and the sharp relief on the borders!
@gm, not yet, sadly!  jm is actually really cool, we have been talking back and forth in pm's since pretty much day one!  i helped him out with some suggestions for his press releases that he just made.  i'd really like to see him doing better, his project is a true ks, he needs the funds to finish off the game, paying for the artist, etc.,  rather than just a pre-order.
@geist, is the hardwood already there, underneath the carpet?  if so, is there still enough meat on it to sand down and get a nice finish on it again?  old school hardwood (40-50 years or so) is much thicker than the newer stuff and it can be re-finished a few times before replacement (typically).  how is the house heated?  if its forced air, the floors will be cold in the winter time and you might actually want to keep the carpet (replace the carpet, you know...) in the bedrooms to have a more comfortable morning experience.  i am personally not a big fan of hardwood in the kitchens, seen way too many big insurance jobs due to plumbing issues to feel good about it.  i like the asthetic but not the potential problems.  as far as granite goes, don't pick out by one of those sample tiles, they are never truely representive of what you'll get.  go into the store (once you have your measurements) and pick the slab out yourself, you'll be much happier with it that way.  as far as the cabinets go, the sky's the roof.  pricing can be all over the place depending on options, type of wood, type of finish, type of hardware, etc., the best thing to do there is have a firm budget and then shop within that budget.  try to pick a hard wood rather than pine for example, for durability.  the other thing with the cabinets is to find what works for your style.  for example, in my kitchen it has a lot of cupboard space, but the lower cabinets are not all the functional for me as my knees are totally shot.  if i have to kneel down on the floor to get something out of the bottom cabinets, especially at the back of the cabinet, it is very hard for me to get up again (not to mention embarrassing if i have company over).  when i get a chance to renovate, i'm changing them to pull out drawers, this way, it will make them much easier to use all of the space.  i had that style in the last house i rented and i loved it!  as this progresses and you start making some choices, let us know, i'm sure pot will chime in with some great advice as well!  so excited for you!
@cb: they're early production coins for a project that is still in the works, and the creator asked some people to give reviews on them. once i get them, i will definitely be testing them out and giving the best review i possibly can based on my findings. here's the project(i mainly backed because of the art that is used): https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1719872687/ultra-coins
@gm, what coins are you waiting for?  i am waiting for delivery of coins from a ks project that's just started shipping and was wondering if it's the same one.
@bakhan: did you receive the coins yet? the creator messaged me yesterday asking if i received them yet, but there was nothing for me in the mail.
morning cb!
howdy cb. a nice day indeed. it will be 80 degrees in my area so that means i won't be running the heating unit in my apartment. my electric bill is through the roof.
hello everyone.  nice day.
@geist: the only one to spoil. the first grandchild on either side of the family, the first nephew on either side(no nieces either).
congrats gm! another nephew to spoil.
@bakhan: at first i thought i wanted carpet in the whole house but i decided against that. i will have to rip up the carpets in the bedrooms so that there is nothing but hardwood flooring throughout the house. there is a 90% chance that the very first day i move in, the kitchen floors and cabinets will have to be completely replaced and the walls repainted. (i have to eat so the kitchen will be my first project) i have no idea how to choose cabinets or how to ask for the granite counter-tops.
yup, nephew's name is benjamin. i'm not sure if anyone other than my parents, and my sister-in-law's parents know yet...but i had to tell someone!
@gm, congrats! so you're an uncle now?
hey, when you get a phone call, at almost midnight, you expect bad news. not the news that someone decided st patty's day was a bad birthday, and arrived early. ;)
holy crap kittens, some has hi-jacked gm's login! ;)  ummm good morning gm... (if that is who you really are...) >.>
good wonderfully beautiful morning kittens!
@geist, hey! so what kind of flooring were you looking at, and for what parts of your house?  it will help me narrow down some stuff for you to read up on. :)
morning bakhan.
good morning kittens!
haha, yesterday was so busy because of all the old familiars popping round, but last night was dead as ever!
@pot: i normally like my hotdogs with mustard, ketchup and raw onion. i don't like sweet relish. good fries i can eat with just a light dusting of salt. poutine still sounds like the nickname for a woman's private parts.
oh.  and don't ask for fries, unless all you want is fries that is. the fries are served with the dog, wrapped in the same paper with the dog.  all over the dog, to the point that separating all of your fries from the dog can be an exercise in futility, so you just eat your dog with some fries riding along on top of it.  i really love that.  but do not try and take them home if you live more than 15 minutes away. the grease from the fries overwhelms the dog and as it cools it gets kinda nasty.
@geist: his wedding is in october. i'm hoping to have the business running by then.
@lz and zem; you can get your dog with any combination of mustard, onion, relish and sport peppers. no ketchup, no celery salt, no tomato wedges and no dill pickle pears are available. (for the uninitiated a "classic" chicago style dog is: a steamed dog on a stramed poppy seed bun with mustard, onion, astroturf green relish, sport peppers, tomato wdges, a pickle spear and lovingly dusted with celery salt).
pot, they don't just sell plain hot dogs, though. you'd be more stupid to just ask for a hot dog and bun, though they might not glower at you.  with all the stuff you can get on a dog at a place that just sells them, adding ketchup is just a sin. though if they also have plain yellow mustard, that's just hypocrisy. and there are some spiced ketchups that are just beautiful that i wouldn't be surprised if they had there. otherwise, those are a whole different deal from like concession stand dogs.
@pot: thank you! i can use all the advice i can get
@lz: did you ever make the sauce for your friend's wedding?
zem, yeah, we believed you. at least i'll still be in the top three ;-)
pot, that's awesome! do they have any kind of sauce?
there is a hot dog joint just outside chicago called gene's & jude's it was ranked as the best hotdog place in the country a year or two ago.  they sell only hotdogs, tamales, and hand cut french-fries.  there is no ketchup in the place.  if you have the gall to ask for ketchup you will be glowered at and told they do not have any, if you insist you will be asked to leave and not return. i love them.
on another note, i'm about 150 comments behind lz now! and he's only 50 from crossing dr. p! creeper's still comfortably in first, though, with 1000 more yet. i conjecture lz will pass dr. p first, but then i'll cross him thereafter and be the first to unseat creeper. it's taken over a year, but i told you all this day would come!  ;)
and looks like my day may end right about now...can't do anything else due to a network outage.
really? the only thing i like mustard on regularly is corn dogs, and that's mostly because ketchup sucks on them and mustard pairs perfectly. otherwise, ketchup on everything at a burger joint. yay, the sauce is going official! can someone rent me a smartphone so i can play with you all on the app?
speaking of mad cow, my dad thought it was spicy. i like it.
best thing for a hot dog is brimstone mad cow
put down the ketchup and step away from the hot dog, do it slowly and no one gets hurt.
cheetahbutt! (you will always have the "h" in my eyes)  good to see you again man!
and i'm back.  looks like you've all been busy in here today.  i would have checked in sooner, but i took a pain pill for my back and it knocked me out. geist (if you're here) i would be happy to lend any advice or assistance i can.  i have learnd a lot about houses in the last seven and a half months.
as am i lz, as am i. can't wait to be able to play it with the remainder of my friends(none of them, or myself, have iphones)
i'm looking forward to the android version
i had to drop the "h" from my user name for the ios app.  i show up now as "cheetabutt"
i'm making the video this week. we'll see how the world takes to my sauce soon!
any other beta testers for the ios app?  i purchased the release version today and it lacked the internet portion.  i quit that and loaded the beta version back on my phone and the internet portion came back, along with all of the purchases i made while runnung the released version.  seems weird, but i think i should stick with the beta version until the internet stuff gets put into the release version.  i haven't even tried the wi-fi or bluetooth part yet.
@gm, my wife puts ketchup in mild salsa.
@cb: i put spicy mustard, with a bit of ketchup, on my hot dogs...but i also only have them once in a blue moon(usually i'm home alone for dinner and too lazy to find anything else in the big freezer in the garage)
@cb, lol!  i agree with you there for sure!  hamburgers too, imo.
ketchup never belongs on hot dogs! *puts mustard on hot dog*
@geist, lolz!  you say that now.  just wait till october!  you are in such trouble girl! ;)  poutine and maple,  you're about to be spoiled! ;) @cb, its actually amazing to me, given all the tasty treats ya'll have, that americans haven't embraced poutine (even if they might need to give it a different name), it seems like it would be right up your alley!  http://www.themanual.com/feasting-2/feasting-best-places-for-poutine-in-america/
arbys put cheese and bacon on their curly fries.  i didn't try it.
fry and cheese gravy soup doesn't sound american to you? i'm genuinely surprised that not only did the canadians beat us to it, but that america hasn't picked up on it! it's so rare here, yet so good!
ketchup belongs in three places only. cheaply made home-made bbq sauce, on burgers, and on hot dogs. fries, personally, don't need anything other than some salt(maybe pepper and cajun seasoning), but the cheese curds and gravy greatly enhance them.
ketchup are all that fries need. *wraps american flag around shoulders*
that would probably go over well in wisconsin.
close enough! it's pure, delicious gold. french fries, fresh, gooey cheese curds, and light-brown gravy. it's what the irish were trying so hard to perfect with potato soup. they just went around it the wrong way the the canadians straightened it out.
what's poutine, some un-american sandwich ingredient?
a&w has poutine? we should petition them to have it here as well!  i know an amazing burger place that has it, really good too, but it's an expensive place. i haven't been there in awhile now. they have a burger that's just a full pound of grilled cheese! and so many other really fun types! and the fries... they give you so many per order, and they're all in really fun, exotic, and delicious ways, like a greek style and poutine. dammit, gm, now i need to go there!
wholly cows! keep it down in here! i'll call the cops for a noise complaint! seriously, it's so busy in here and i like it! too bad i can't be around for entire mornings or more. hey, cb! haven't seen you in awhile! and download one for me too, just in case i actually get a smartphone someday.
afternoon all.  i see they released the ios version of the app.  i really enjoyed beta testing it.  i had better download the release version while the in-app purchases are still free.
the one i would get isn't the best...it's from a&w.
i'd have to drive about that many hours to get any.
i really want a poutine right now, but the closest place(and not even the best) is like 10min(minimum) walk away...and i don't want to go that far.
that's it! today can suck it!
i meant crappy days. damn autocorrect!
in fact, my wife asked a while back why i never got rid of ascendancy by trivium. my answer was that it's a great album for gespot days.
yeah, i tend to do the same thing.
@bakhan: sonata isn't really viking metal...i'm listening to amon amarth right now. @lz: a day where things go exactly as they should...even then could listen to it, but i tend to listen to heavier music the worse my mood is(catch me listening to cradle of filth, or dragonlord, and you know it's a bad day for me).
@lz, i hope it works out that its a good day for you!  those are the best, when you really don't want to go, but then it turns out to be the best thing you could have done.  also, i had a bad habit of quitting jobs that way.  missed a few days and would rather find a new job then go back to the old one.  not that you would do that of course, just that it gets harder to do the "right" thing when you've already licensed yourself to do the wrong one... ;)  story of my life, in many aspects.
@gm, would that be sonata arctica by any chance? ;)
gm, what day isn't?
i don't want to go to work today
@bakhan: if you have the links, i would greatly appreciate it. i can already tell you that on the day that i move into this house, i will need to install new flooring and cabinets in the kitchen. i am hoping to have granite for the counter tops. i have no idea what kind of kitchen flooring is best. only that it will be white
trinkets! how are you feeling today? (did i mention it will be 80 degrees in my area this afternoon?)
today is a good day for viking metal
morning trinkets!
good morning all!    zem is right,  that was a lot to read.
@geist, but of course!  i have to deal with many types of flooring in my work (hydronic in floor radiant heating, etc.), i can give you some advice on different material choices and such.  i can also point you to some different research articles as well.  i'm excited for you already! yay!
speaking of houses: hopefully within the next couple of years i will be buying a house. it will be a fixer-upper but i won't be saddled with a mortgage and that will free up some income without having to get a second job. (i'm so tired of doing that and i refuse. life is to short to be working all the time) i might be asking for some advise on building materials or what type of flooring is best. any of you guys might be able to help?
@geist, i sincerely hope that you do get to meet him, especially as halloween is his favorite time!  oh, i almost forgot, he turns 11 today! whoo hoo!
@pot, well, i'm glad progress is still being made, the finishing work is always the worst, because its so close to being done!  i'm glad your old boy is hanging in there, i hope you guys still have some great memories to make together!  good luck with the builder (and your back, be careful)!
and i just got a text from my builder, i have to go out to the house..... great.
hiya bakhan, hey geist. i'm glad to hear about your dog bakhan, that's good news. our old man is still hanging in, he still eats and as long as he can get to his feet we'll let him continue.  i honestly don't know how much longer he has though. geist; the house is progressing, but at this stage it's mostly fiddly finish work, staining, painting, tile and flooring installation.  it's very time consuming and it seems like it's never going to be done.  we did get the fireplace surround and mantle built, and it is stunning.
anything for puppy. if he keeps this up, i'll be able to see him in october.
@geist, i've been weening him off of the boiled hamburger (my wife and i are both getting pretty tired of that smell!) so right now, twice a day he is eating, one cup of dry dog food, mixed with half a container of wet food, and around a cup of the boiled hamburger and rice.  i'm hoping by next week to cut out the bh, but if i have to keep making it to get him to eat, so be it right?
geist! pot! good to see you guys! it's been quiet here without the full crowd.
i just realized something incredible! trump is exactly like andrew jackson! he got into office by appealing to the common folk, used a scapegoat (the native americans, now the mexicans), and so much more! let's just hope trump doesn't also devalue the currency, create a recession, make the trail of tears...
hello pot. how is the house going? @bakhan: glad to hear puppy is eating more. is he back to eating dog food or is he still eating the boiled hamburger?
@pot, doing pretty well, all things considered.  went and saw black sabbath last friday, what a treat!  i'm glad i had the chance to see them before they're done!  my dog is doing good, he just started a new round of chemo, and his appatite is back!  i the two weeks between the surgery and his check up to remove the stiches, he gained back 3lbs!  he's back over 80lbs, still a far cry from when he was 100lbs, but he looks good, you can't see his ribs any more.  so yeah, i'm very thankful for that!  i hope that your back eases up for you soon, that ones rough.  most of my problem areas are south of the waist, my knees, ankles, and feet for the most part, so as long as i'm sitting, they normally don't hurt too bad.  so i can still play music, paint, etc., and it doesn't get in the way, but every time i have to get up, i know all about it... ;) thats life i guess, its got its hard times, but there are plenty of good times too!  hows the house coming?
good morning kittens.  i am stuck at home today with back spams, so i'll be around for the most part.  how has everyone been?
@geist, glad to see you back!  sorry about your last week, hopefully this one is much better for you!
good morning kittens!
morning kittens. sorry for the radio silence. f'd up a half a million dollar payment last week and was really down. yesterday's payment run went without a hitch so all is good. i will be back to my regularly scheduled chatter later on today.
the android version isn't quite ready for the beta yet
will there be an online version? like, computer online? because... please?!?!
let me know if you guys are able to go online yet to play so we can coordinate!
i felt so honored when i got that email! it just finally felt real.
yes
if i had a smartphone, i'd totally use the app. was it (originally) the crate welcoming email?
an email exchange. i received an invitation to beta test the android app, so i signed up. then today, she sent me instructions on how to download the ios app beta. i asked how to do android. she was embarrassed.
ah, that bella. what brings this up?
bella carvello, the lady in charge of pr for ek.
you mean the cat? haven't heard about her in awhile. there was a cat named bella owned by someone on here, wasn't there?
bella? o.o
nevermind. it just updated. in other news: i like bella. she seems pleasantly goofy.
my count is still 101997
102,000! we made it! this is the one we've been waiting for! right? oh, i may have gotten them mixed up a bit...
i take pride in the fact that i can make a noise on the level (pitch, nowhere near volume, though) of whales and elephants! and i noticed with a digital thermometer on a fridge in a dining hall that if i hum around 30 hz (i think) and use my teeth to make it vibrate through my head really well, the numbers dance all around like crazy! i think it's because i'm humming around the same frequency as the refresh rate, and if i do it well enough to vibrate around my eyes, it can really mess with what should be a smooth image.
i can play a little bit on bass. just a bit, since i only tried for a week or so, but i knew one song really well and had worked out a couple more on my own. it was only because my older brother wanted a bass player while he learned "should i stay or should i go?", i volunteered, and learned quick-ish. i bet i could still play that song! on another note, i can sing bass. well... way below bass. bring up a tone generator and gradually move it from maybe middle c to about 8-12 hz. that's how low of a noise i can make. i don't consider it singing since you really can't make words that low, but more of a hum. i've also been able to hear down to 10-12 hz, maybe a little below even, though it gets hard to tell. and can hear higher than online generators can play, possibly to a dog whistle if anyone would ever have one i could test that theory with. maybe a lower pitch dog whistle. i know someone else who hates dog whistles because she can hear them too.
these are going to be so much fun to paint! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/grimlordgames/endure-the-stars/posts/1513479
that's how i took it. it's the last panel in my first comic. i'm glad they liked it that much
could be they liked the picture enough to use it themselves.
i don't know if it's a glitch, but i've now seen a couple of twitter users who have my twitter profile pic as their profile pic.
i should move to calgary so we can start a kc band.
jurek, update 29 has everything you need to know. good luck!
hello, where can i put my address? i havent received this.
dang, too much to read. i barely have enough time to eat a full lunch today, and that's only because a class got out early. oh well, i'll work my way through the whole day later on, i guess.
bakhan, "boundless energy of youth" only comes with a good amount of sleep. not less than five hours.
well kittens i'm off the rest of the day, i've got a funeral to go to... :(  keep your heads up, and hug your friends and family!
@creeper, ouch! well that sure hit him in the low end... ;) he didn't deserve to own a bass if he was a douche anyways!  how anyone could be "not nice" to the creeper is beyond me! you know how you can tell if a stage is level? the bass player is drooling out of both sides of his mouth... ;)
i have a good bass story!  i was in a serious relationship for two years with someone who was just 'not nice', to put it lightly.  the final push to snap me out of the bad relationship was him cheating.  as we were breaking up, o kept looking at the bass guitar i helped him buy.   just kept staring at it as he talked and thought about all the money i spent.  so i stood up, grabbed the bass, put it on, and walked out.   :)
okay, fair enough... i won't give you a hard time.  playing music isn't for everyone, plus you have good taste in music, so that sort of makes up for it. ;)  again, though, i'll offer it up, if you ever wanted to learn anything, or just jam, let a guy know!
because it had been years, and i never really did learn to play anything other than what the band teacher had us play.
@gm, well that is a good entry level/student bass, hopefully its still getting some love wherever it is now... ;)  why didn't you tell me you played? >.>
it's was a squire by fender. cost me $800 back when i was in grade 8, sold it in 2011 for $600. never had to replace the strings, practically brand new condition(very minor damage when i had taken it to school and someone hit the head on an amp).
what kind of bass was it?  if it was a rickenbacker, i'll be especially sad. :(
@gm, ahhhkkk!  you sold your bass! thats. thats. like some form of music abuse right there! ;)  i've only ever sold one guitar, it was a gibson 7-string flying v.  it was awesome when i was playing metal, but i really didn't need a 7 string any more and i was offered $600 more than i paid for it so... a new bass amp won out.  i realize, that you probably don't but, i have a line on a fretless cort 4 string for only $300.  also, i have a couple of extra basses i could lend you one if you ever were feeling nostalgic. ;)
yes, us bass players are awesome(haven't played in years, and i also sold my bass due to not having played it in years for $200 less than i paid...almost 11 years prior)
so i went and saw black sabbath last friday, that was definitely the highlight of my weekend!  it was better than i had hoped, ozzy's voice was spot on, i was worried that he'd still be recovering, but he was awesome.  they were all awesome.  i kinda felt bad for geezer though, when ozzy was introducing everyone he got good applause but the place exploded for tony.  don't get me wrong they are both my guitar heros, but i do tend to lean more towards the bass players as thats who i identify with the most.  bass players are awesome too! ;)
i don't get it at work either.
youtube is your friend... ;)  if its even on there though, i'm not sure.  i don't get youtube at work or i'd post a link.
i only have the greatest hits(2008 cd) on my ipod.
@gm, i love tom petty and the heartbreakers!  that music helped me through a lot of stuff, including a really bad break up.  i always have a soft spot for their stuff.  one of my favorite tracks was zombie zoo, check it out if you get a chance!
well...this is a group i haven't listened to in a long time. tom petty and the heartbreakers.
morning kittens. @creeper: there seem to be more negative reviews on there regarding the inflatable pillow...apparently it doesn't go back in nicely after you inflate then deflate it...i will have to see about that when i get mine. and there are tons of other issues i'm not even going to talk about. hopefully when i get mine, i can figure out whether i'm keeping it, or selling it.
@zem, you have the boundless energy of youth on your side, use it man!   you can do this!
@creeper, i hear that!  i always say, there is enough sadness and misery on this earth with out looking for more, trust me it will find you all too soon as it is!  celebrate those things that make us happy, and if recieving your ks rewards makes you happy, then so be it!  i think that if the same people the made so much effort causing upset, tried instead to make people happy, what a world we would live in!
good morning kittens!
went to sleep an hour late, woke up an hour early, all on a normal tuesday... this is gonna be a fun day. if i'm not back in 8 or so hours, it means i've fallen asleep and you should move on without me.
you're surprised people don't read? were you not here a year ago?! hell, up until just like 2 months ago! i would have thought you'd learned your lesson by now. it'll just be worse in every way on that campaign for every reason, mostly because it wasn't run as smoothly as the ideal ek one. not as good communication, dozens of problems, just as many first timers, but of a whole different crowd...
hey gm - i'm exhausted reading the comments over on the jacket page.  my lord people do not read.  i feel terrible for the ones that paid so much for customs.  :(  i still have to stay optimistic about the whole thing, mainly because- even though i got a super early bird, i still paid a decent amount of money, so i want to enjoy it when it shows up.  people that allow themselves to get so angry over things are the same people that bitch the moment they walk into a restaurant.  they don't enjoy the meal over one or two small problems and they wind up miserable.  i can't be that way.  still looking forward to receiving mine, even if there are some small issues.
i went to 3 classes, and... wait, no, that was it. it was a productive day!  unfortunately i've only done so little because i'm putting the rest off until like 10 pm at the earliest, a horrible habit i've had all of college now. it started as "i'll work after i eat", and then for multiple reasons kept getting pushed back.
i rearranged my desk today. when i moved the computer, the graphics card got knocked loose. after waiting a little over 3 hours, it took about 3 minutes for the guy to fix it.
well maybe my campus is one of the richest in america and is wholeheartedly hvacing its way to the future. except my dorm, which is being kept as a museum i guess. not even my dorm, just my wing in my dorm. i think they're going to update it in a couple years, but i'm moving to a different place next year, so whoopee. my wing doesn't even have a floor lounge or even room dedicated to it. we just this year voted to reserve a room as a common lounge for people, starting next year because we have like 5 open rooms right now, but we're too good for them. and i'm moving next year.
@zem, well, there's nothing wrong with you disagreeing with me, you do it quite often... ;)  however, given that heating is the field that i work in, and have done years worth of research on, i have experience on my side.  given the age of most campuses and the lack of renovation money they are willing to put out, most have outdated heating systems.  but hey, i (and hundreds of case studies) could be wrong... ;)
come to think of it, where has geist been? is that why all of last week was so quiet in here?!
bakhan, i disagree with everything you said, somehow. most dorms these days have newer units that allow you to have heating or air conditioning, just like in any normal place. this wing of my dorm is the oldest, and the only place on the whole of campus still like this. usually they're pretty good at switching it, but not this time i guess. also, most people like the temperature average. quite a few are perfectly fine with it warmer, too. but for whatever reason everyone complains if it's slightly cold at all. the point when most people start complaining is just when i think it feels nice in the room.
@lz, i could see how that would cause issues... yikes! @gm, not in almost a week, i would say... maybe she's taking a well needed break?
anyone hear from geist recently?
i hope i get a new one out of this. the broken one has two versions of excel on it, which causes problems
@bakhan: yeah, i would just buy some of their stuff and paint it at home. right now, my dad is working on napoleon era french cavalry...and it's taking quite some time. it's on hold right now, at least until renovations are done and he has his hobby room back(lots of stuff packed away in there right now).
@lz: time to call it a day then. :p
@lz, yay new work computer! (?)
@gm, i was just letting you know it was open every sunday, not that you needed to go every sunday... ;)  i also thought it might be a good excuse for you to go out once in a while... ;)  by open, it means that you can paint what you want, unlike gw where you can only paint their products in-store. @gcod, i hope you're still painting for yourself though! plaid or any other pattern for that matter are definitely the hardest to do well.  i remember painting an eldar harliquin in a  diamond check patter that took about that long as well.  i tend to be really picky of my own work though, so i probably touch up things that most people wouldn't notice.   you know how it is. ;) @zem, most dorms are the same way.  any of the old school steam systems are a real pain to switch back and forth, so they normally leave the heat on till long after it is actually required, and vica versa with the ac.  and i get that you like it cooler, i think most people are the same way, not me however.  bring that heat, i always tell people that i'm in heating design on purpose! ;)
my work computer died
and yes, i did just complain about it being 76 out. what are you going to do about it?  ` "burn the witch!"
my dorm has a really old hvac system, so it can only do heating or air conditioning for some reason. so, now that it was well broadcast that this entire week would be above 60 and that today alone it would be 76 and plenty sunny, they didn't switch it. good call, guys. it's only at the very least 75 in my room right now and the only way to cycle any heat is to open the windows, which lets the sun heat it up and humidity make everything suck. i mean, i'd open the windows anyways, but some ac would be nice.
hello, all; i had to give up on painting minis for others long ago, they were taking too much time.  my record was a twelve hour figure, in 1:20 scale, with full plaid shirt ... ugh.
@bakhan: it might be possible...though not sure about getting to sentry box every sunday...could give it a shot, once i have some to practice on. might just go to a games workshop, or a hobby store, and buy a few minis to practice on.
@gm, glad to hear you're getting excited about painting some minis!  there's an open paint session at the sentry box every sunday, so you could also get lots of free advice from their pros.  just putting that out there for you, you never know, maybe a guy could meet a nice girl there... ;)  here is a link to a page with some minis i have painted lately, you will recognize the avatar... ;) http://www.dakkadakka.com/dakkaforum/posts/list/90/672019.page
...some people really don't think ahead. posting personal contact information in comment sections...where the creator hasn't even looked(most likely since there has been zero communication from them in some time).
so i spent most of the weekend finding reference material for when i get my miniatures to paint....i have some 2k+ pictures(not all for reference material mind you) that i found from groups on facebook.
morning kittens.
morning kittens.
i have a small fishing pole that i tied a rubber frog on. my cats love playing with that.
get a roomba to chase him around. or get an electric toy that'll go for an hour or two for him to attack.
@eric: i know that and i don't normally do that. but since he was stating to be bored i thought he could check out the other project. :)
it appears i have trained leonidas in classic cat and mouse games.  and if i don't come into the other room to chase him, he'll meow and cry until i play.  which is exhausting when i close the restaurant and have to open in a few hours.
that too.
the monsman, please do not spam with other ks projects. it is against the rules.
we've been here every day now for over a year. of course we're not just going to drop this place! though i wish some of the old faces would return.
ha! i wish i was... didn't even knew this comment section was still open. a themed paint set would be a nice addon, so i would now which colors i actually need to get the heroes as cool (well almost as cool) as yours! :) a few friends of mine started a ks today, perhaps you could take a look there and see if that could kill your boredom. :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1532220804/harry-pussy-news-an-animation-filled-with-satire-a
wow, is everyone on vacation or something?
hmm, today was really empty, it seems. good thing it was full enough for me i didn't keep checking back in and out of here out of boredom. why do i keep trying to add an "e" after "bordom"? i just did it again! why do i keep saying bordome?!
also, if you find d&d comedies really funny, dorkness rising is one of the funniest things i've seen probably this year so far!  "when the monster comes along, you must stab it! if you come to an evil throne, you must stab it!" (to the tune of whip it, obviously) ` a guy literally fails to backstab... a book. he rolled a natural 1; so bad, that in trying to literally backstab a book, he missed worse than a confused pokemon and stabbed himself so badly in the dick that he had one health... only to be killed by a reanimated cooked turkey. that movie is just beautiful! i know several people here would absolutely appreciate it, and yes, it's absolutely worth watching through. i literally did a spit take. i didn't even think people did that in real life.
it's a productive day for me! i started a new mount and blade warband campaign as a poor woman, making it much more difficult, and won't swear fealty to any king, making creating a kingdom incredibly hard to keep up without major allies. ` now i'm watching humans and households, which is exactly what it sounds like! it's really hilarious! "i hack the car." "hacking doesn't work that way." "but i rolled a 20." "... so you did." got milk from a dining hall yesterday so that today with my coffee i can make mochas again! so good. now, even though i spent a ton yesterday on necessary and desirable groceries, i'll probably get canes for supper anyways.  really, the only thing bad in any way about today is that i woke up with a headache that's still around, but some ibuprofen (and a shit ton of coffee) should fix that right up! wait, coffee actually makes it slightly worse? heresy!
leo would make a great guard kitten! he'll sit on your hand, be cute, and gnaw to your bones for hours before someone gets home to call the police.
trinkets, i really can't wait until the day i get laser surgery. so much easier not to have to worry about contacts every day nor glasses.  ` some say the creeper is still there to this day.
leo is asleep on y hand.  am stuck laying on floor. cannot disrupt kitty.
glad i got laser surgery. not that i hated contacts, but it's one of the best decisions i have made.
ant man was pretty good. i just went shopping after 2 weeks of not having done so and even had to restock things i rarely do, like contact solution, toothpaste, and ramen in addition to normal stuff. nearly $50! to be fair, though, $20 were from the least common thing alone, contact solution. didn't realize it was that expensive. good thing it lasts a few months.
i was off today. now it's time for tacos then watch ant-man.
well, for 7 hours i was. you'd almost think it was already saturday or something already. did nobody go to work today or something?
not totally alone
nope, looks like i'm all alone.  i'm just a lonely loner...  on a lonely road...  ... alone. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
really? i get the chance to get on early for once and nobody's on? or does nobody usually get here until like noon?
actually, that's a great point! facebook would have the perfect platform to build off of already and then everyone can use it!
@zem, even though i loath things like fb, i think that would be a good way to do it, a lot of apps are really just fb games so the infrastructure should already be in place.  i would love to be able to play ek with all the kc!
i really hope they someday make an online, computer version. i don't think they should go full free, really, but i don't know how they could do it and still leave it free so i don't have to pay to play with all of you here.
good morning kittens! @creeper, thats great that they are working on the online portion of it now.  for those of us (losers?) that weren't chosen to be part of the tester app, we are still waiting...  i still don't understand why they even released it with out to be honest.  if i want to play ek with my friends, in the same room, why wouldn't i just play the physical copy? ;p
the app on my phone updated (via tester app) and it now goes online searching for players.
i saw they had almost gotten the android one to work, but likely the reason it's taking so long is they want it to work with apple, so that must be the online thing. i didn't read too far into it. are you serious about an online, internet, computer version?!
so- just to get off politics-  did you guys get the ek app update for exploding kittens to play online? or is that for app testers only?  i'm trying to find an online game now
you know, sanders could just get the money from the national debt. i mean, there's a whole well over $19 trillion dollars there. yeah. remember when it was $10.626 trillion? just one president did that somehow. you know how much money is estimated to be in the world? around $1.2 trillion in cash on the entire earth. $10.5 trillion spendable dollars in existence. and i seriously doubt it's going to be any less than that. have you ever wondered how it's possible the us owes more money than exists on earth? yeah, i know that had absolutely nothing to do with it. i legitimately started out thinking where the money could come from and thought the debt could cover all the costs of anything the world could ever need. and then realized the rest sequentially. i mean... just how?!
oh yeah, trump=bat shit crazy
zem, i fully agree.  the only one that doesn't scare me is kasich. clinton=scary. cruz=scary robot. rubio=out of his league. not sure about sanders. he wants to have everything free,  but that cost comes from somewhere.
geist, we don't have to move to canada if trump wins. we can just all move to denver and smoke our cares away :-p
whoa, i had an extra long lab and haven't had this much to catch up on in a long time. ` regarding trump, i've said before, extreme speech is what wins primaries. the majority of people who vote in primaries are extreme on either side, and the best way to win them is to be extreme. i would honestly not be surprised if trump won the caucuses. though honestly, none of the people sure to get the vote right now are worth voting for.
i wish my manager would get back to me...right now i don't know if she will be in tomorrow or not, and if she isn't then i need to cancel my day off so that we have at least one payroll person in the office.
i just posted obama addressing the nation saying "trump will not be president".  and discussing the entire gop. anyway...my head hurts thinking about it. @gm-yeah- i feel bad for those guys that paid the high taxes for the mismarked labels!!  i know rolts posted that people should print off their kickstarter invoice and open it there at the post office- but not sure that would even work.  it really sucks. :(
@creeper, well, my back yard is on the smaller side, that said, my next door neighbour is a hoarder, so there are probably lots of mice over there for them to eat, and such. ;)  we could make it work.  and even though all of this is jokes and trump will most likely not win a presidential race, it would make me very sad to see him be president.  i'm not american, but i do love america!  seriously, you guys are like canada's older brother/sister!
well, there are two pull-out beds, one in the basement, and one in the dinning room. the one in the dinning room has two doors to that room, both with glass covering almost the entire thing, but we hang sheets over them when people stay there, and the one in the basement has no doors....at all....blocking it. the only thing, is the animals. i personally have no problem...but who knows what my parents would say(hopefully i'm able to move out to my own place sometime soon....but money is an issue...and everything i'm spending on ks, i'm putting the same amount into my savings account).
yeah, not sure where mine will be coming from, but i'm hoping there are no customs fees to be paid, or if there are, nowhere near like what those in europe were facing.
listen-all i'm saying is bakhan has offered a room, where you have offered a pull-out bed.  but if bakhan books up, myself and my animals will find you.  also- hopefully i'll get my jacket by then!
in more happy talk: a whole buzzfeed list dedication to cat paws!!! http://www.buzzfeed.com/erinchack/little-kitty-peets-to-improve-your-day
@creeper: normally when someone hears that...it's not the most reassuring thing. but for travel...that isn't so bad. xd
@gm- you'll be my back-up plan.
@lz- i think that's how all of the rational thinking americans feel.  we always end with "well...at least i hope so."  because it's scary seeing the response so far.  i was at work during super tuesday, and everyone at the bar was just sad/mad/confused.  just kind of hurt in my gut.
@creeper: in january, could be almost anything from nice and comfortable, to hell frozen over.
i would offer up a pull-out bed...but we're getting ready to do some renovations at home(four of us sharing one bathroom, the entire main floor being ripped up and replaced with hardwood everywhere except the bathroom and laundry room, those will be tile). mind you, those should be done with in the next month or two. upstairs bathrooms started today, with demolition/removal of stuff.
thanks bakhan! how's the backyard?  if i trapped all the backyard babies and brough them with us?
any corps memebers that need / want an insanity break (should the worst case scenario come to pass), i've got plenty of spare bedrooms folks, and a pet friendly household!  by plenty i mean 3, btw.  so i couldn't host all of ya'll, just saying... ;)
so, since i did post here earlier asking what i should have for lunch...i went with a spicy chicken asiago ranch from wendys'. and, apparently, the auto correct on my work computer doesn't recognize asiago as an actual word.
i am pretty sure that if trump gets the republican nomination, then whomever gets the democratic nomination will win hands down. both clinton and sanders have a better chance of getting the moderate vote. at least i hope i'm right.
yeah, you're right about everything.
i don't blame you. racists will come out of anywhere to support someone who preaches the benefits of racism. from everything i've heard/read, that is all his platform is, race motivated.
i personally don't see the point in getting that mat...it's not going to be anything special other than a playing surface...and a table is already the perfect playing surface as long as it isn't wet.
so- i really realy don't think he's likely to win.  right now the repub vote has been so split, and once it becomes one on one- he'll lose any chance.  however--- however- i never thought he would make it this far.  and the more offensive he becomes, the more the groundlings come out of the cracks of america's ass to cheer him on and it's terrifying.
@gm, yes that's why. i was reading about the mat and got excited, figuring it would be about $10. then i saw that i'd have to increase my pledge by $40 to get it. it seems overpriced. i second creeper's statement.
trump that likely to win? o.o
*a new home come january
dear canadians- i might need to set up a new come home january.... who can sponsor me and take in a baker and a little spartan king?
yay, group hug
@lz: why do you say that? is it because of the $30 play mat? i mean...sure, they could probably use the money(not really...they've already funded quite a bit...) but i think it's a bad move...especially if you have more than just 5-6 people.
the latest joking hazard update is a severe disappointment.
yay, group hug! sorry, i have classes. unfortunately, those have precedence over stress, emotions, or anything else at all human. sometimes even eating.
what do i want for lunch?
yay group hug!
sorry, i was in a "meet and greet" meeting to have our new ceo introduced.
ok so i see how it is!  i offer out a group hug and everyone runs away? thats fine guys... ;)
good morning kittens! it is definitely a dreary day, super thick fog here, 10' visability, i almost missed a turn off coming into work today, and i've been driving the same route for pretty much 15 years!  the ladies in my office are all pretty teary today after yestedays news.  i feel sad about it and yet almost disconnected at the same time, probably just stress overload.  that poor kid and his family, he was only 20, i can't imagine how they're going to deal with this.  hug your friends and family guys! they are truly the most valuable things in our lives.  consider yourselves group hugged!
sounds like my dad's job. though he has to be around on a phone and computer when a team he's in charge of does that anywhere in the world. he's had to work at like 3 am before. if he weren't currently in charge of a project in london, stockholm, and copenhagen and was alternating weeks here and there and will even go to south africa, i wouldn't envy him in the slightest. not like he'll have time to explore. good thing he's been to all but s.a. before. ` good morning everyone, and welcome to thursday. prepare your hearts, brains, and cocktail bars, it's gonna be a bumpy ride.
yay for server migrations and needing to come into work at 6 am to make sure everything went well and works!
a 3 hour tour of the civil war with clint eastwood. sounds like a good way to forget about anything to me!
been thinking too much about death today. i was talking to an old friend of my dad's today and reminiscing. hard to believe its already been 12 years. so to get my mind off everything i have enjoyed some herbal refreshment and am watching the good the bad and the ugly. so there life! ;)
that does not sound like a good day at all. don't come back here until you're incoherently, slobberingly drunk.
dude, that sucks! i'm sorry. you have my condolences. go home and have a drink.
okay, so for real, can this day just be over already!?  this morning i found out one of my best customers died last night, and now, i just found out that one of my co-workers that didn't show up for work today, died last night as well!  this day is serious bs!
haha, bakhan, don't you hate when you're thinking one word you literally just read but write another, especially one it's specifically not? and i've always slacked off like a successful person. i just wondered what it's like to actually sit around and do work for once. that'll teach me.
i'm going to have a lot of painting to do in the coming year...700+ minis for the games i've ordered. >.>
@zem, ultra coins... and yeah, i thought that was pretty sweet!  i might not be cool enough to be in on all the ek stuff, but i'm still a somebody, somewhere... ;p  that'll learn you for trying to be productive!  next time, you'll learn to slack off and like it mister!
guess what i just did? tried to be productive for once, walked more than 10 minutes to the chem building, went all the way up to the fourth floor to the undergraduate instrumentation lab to run some proton nmrs, and before going in, ran a quick check: safetly glasses? check. gloves? in there. you don't need long sleeves here specifically, but i have a jacket anyways. long pants?... long pants? but... but it's 60 out! great, shorts are a big no-no in the labs here. went all the way back down and all the way back here empty-handed. serves me right for trying to take time out of my free-time to do work. they'll only take half an hour, so i'll do them after lab tomorrow (since, for the first time in 3 weeks, i don't have an exam or otherwise on a thursday evening!). more free time now.
now to eat and then straight back to it. today is supposed to be one of my short days! not one with more work than even a tuesday!
bakhan, i have no idea what ultra dice is but it looks cool and that's an amazing opportunity! ` the lazy gamer is a great idea, and that's a good quality one. but my grandparents have been using a lazy suzan to play scrabble for decades, so i'm surprised it's not a more widespread and common idea!
sounds tastey
they have various flavours as well. aged in different casks, previously used for other beverages.
@lz, ack its scottish, two seperate family names (i hail from the gunn clan), but one fantastic brew!  its an ipa made the traditional way, when it was actually made in india and then shipped back to the uk, and its aged for 30 days in oak barrels.  this smooths out the taste and really adds some depth.  you won't regret trying it! http://innisandgunn.com/
2" x 2" is huge for a die! innus and gunn, eh? is that one brand or two?
@gm, i just don't know that i need a 2" x 2" die... thats a little large, 16mm or so is good for me, 51mm is right out! ;)
@bakhan: i might go in for a couple of those dice. they look awesome, but at the same time...i have some dice from another campaign that are hand crafted from ancient woods. so i might just do the $1 support as well.
glad to hear you also like it. full of fantastic flavor.
@lz, are you kidding me?  you need to go and track down an innus and gunn stat!  i don't really care for beer at all, but that one i can drink to the last and want another!  its not cheap, but again, its delicious, so worth every penny to me.  check it out if you get the chance.
@trinkets, yes. it was the best beer i've ever had. i don't have much experience with the stuff, mind you. just bud, miller, busch, and heineken
@gm, i only went in for a dollar, just to show some support to an albertan campaign.  i can't afford that table, but i do have access to some plywood and a lazy susan... so... you know. not surprised by that at all, straight up, some people (most?) just suck.  if i were the company, i would force refund them and get them blocked from the campaign (if thats possible).  don't like it, fine, lets talk about it.  don't like it and want to rage out about it, see ya!
also....that lazy gamer campaign looks awesome...just not sure if i would be able to get that...or if i should.
@bakhan: there were at least three people wanting to pull their pledge because the shader they wanted lost. they had a chance to vote, if they didn't it's their own fault, if they did, then at least lose with grace and dignity. people saying that no one with artistic talent would have voted for it are a disgrace to thinking people everywhere.
@game fleet, please refer to update #29, it has very detailed instructions to help you out!  hope you get them soon!
i can't figure out how to contact, but folks have gotten their nsfw sets right? haven't gotten mine yet.
@gm, i think for a video game, it looks just fine.  i find that people tend to make way more dramatic and sweeping comments online, than they would in real life.  its sad that there isn't a better way to get the tone of a persons comment, or more than just their first impression anyways.
wow...i just sent him a message, since it does say to contact him if interested.
you should check out the last update....it actually doesn't look bad(i didn't vote, so i would only have myself to blame if i didn't like it anyway). https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night/posts/1506864
@gm, check out the comment section for ultra coins, stat!  he's sending me out some sample coins today! whoo hoo!
@gm, well as my father used to say, everyone is entitled to their own stupid effing gd wrong opinion... ;)  hows that go again? haters gonna hate?
so...some people really are sore losers when it comes to voting. in the bloodstained campaign, there was a vote, put to the backers, to decide which style of shader was to be used. the one in yesterday's(march 1) update is the winner...and people are saying that "no one with artistic talent(or training) would have voted for it". i'm sorry, art is subject to expression, interpretation, and isn't something that can be taught per se.
morning kittens.
not much to talk about? good morning everyone.
good morning kittens!
lz,  you had some schlitz?!
good morning all.
i miss the people who were always on here at night. it was never dull and you'd always find someone to chat with. we needed to have a reunion.
never had one. always wanted one. though i hate black licorice.
you know your licorice cigars are perfect...when they snap and it's a clean break. no jagged edges.
be free! away from here! no seriously, maybe you should consider dancing. or dentistry. just not what you're doing now.
@gm, we call it releasing them to the industry... it sounds nicer than, gtfo!
just count down the days until you can rest easy atop your hot sauce empire.  i'm counting those days down. i can't wait to rest easy when you hire all of us.
some people need that other kick....out the door. just wish i had the power to do either of those with some people...missing paperwork, slow response times on vital information, some people not even looking at the stuff they are supposed to approve(send email out, not even a minute later get response).
yeah. the trouble is, i don't think it's going to work.
unfortunately, some people need that kick to get them to be productive.
see, the pip is a combination written/verbal warning, informing the employee that they have 90 days to get their crap together if they want to continue working for the company.
interesting, i didn't see most of that on the form. i did think it was funny that i had to try a few times because the twitter id was "not in the correct format." you know, the part that was auto-populated and uneditable.
yay! got a twitter message from ek: i'm officially in the crate now! just had to give them my name, email, home address, social security number, at least one credit card, bank account numbers, number of windows in my place, best vantage point with a direct line of sight through a window to the place i'm most commonly sitting, and mother's maiden name and now i'm officially part of it! everything after email was optional.
ugh! i hate performance reviews! yet, i'd rather do those than a personal improvement plan.
hooray for performance reviews...and people who don't review their documents they send telling you how to access said review. step 1, step 2, step...4?!
i have lots to do this week, including writing up a personal improvement plan for one of my employees. i don't want to, but it has to happen.
wow, today has the stench of all-around suck for the most part on here. i'm taking a break, but tomorrow i have quite a damn bit of work to do.
my nose all day has been alternating between painfully dry and absolutely stuffed and flowing.
where's trinkets? i need to share my opinion of schlitz with him.
@geist: i'm in the same boat. apparently, one of the managers isn't a manager anymore. found out from the hse team about that....not even from a manager, but another person on the same level as me. will i get paperwork in time? remains to be seen.
well, this week seems to be going a bit more smoothly than the last couple, i'll give it that. not having several exams does a great deal in that regard, not at all surprisingly. however, still just as tired as ever. halfway through the day. i did, though, get out of physics extra early, so between after that class and after calc reci (now), i actually had time to eat my full lunch! that might be a first for my tuesday schedule! plus possibly a short lab! this week might turn out all right in the end! sorry, no time to read and respond to the day's correspondences, but i'll get to it when i'm done in a few hours.
*sigh* in order for me to do my check run, i have to have everyone finish their stuff first. do you think they let me know? of course not. they don't say s%*t to me and they know that i'm suppose to have this done by 3 pm. guess because i'm not in their little clique, they don't feel the need to tell me a damn thing.
the hurry up and wait is strong this day.
morning kittens.
good morning kittens! @creeper, glad little leo is ok!  i'm not surprised he hates the cone, especially after some of the stories of him that you've shared!  my guy will do pretty much anything for me, so he actually wags his tail when i put his cone back on.  seriously, the sweetest dog ever!  the worst part of the cone (which i call the lampshade of shame) is when he drinks out of his bowl, he scoops a lot of water with the cone, getting it everywhere! ;)
lucky you, you're getting the weather we had yesterday. hopefully you don't get this weather; it's 24 outside, only getting up to just slightly above freezing. normally that's not so bad, but i'm really tired right now, so it's just annoying. then the rest of this week is just up and down between like 35 and 65. next week gets up to 75 even.  but for now, the air here is so dry somehow that my nose, throat, and lips are all really hurting right now. especially my lips; the bottom one apparently bled a little while i slept. thankfully the mouth is the fastest healing part of the body.
morning kittens. spring like weather today and i will be spending most of it indoors dealing with another check run. poor little leo. i don't blame him for hating the cone. at least he is eating and got some sleep. he should all healed up in a week.
here i was avoiding work i didn't even have to do. procrastinating from a short thing turns out i did last week already. well shoot. then again, not like i had anything else to do.
eek. i know i'd hate a collar, but sometimes it seems like pets are irrationally afraid of anything around their neck. it took marble months to get used to her collar after our county instituted a mandate that all pets needed to be registered. then again, she went nearly all her life without one, so it just showing up, i can understand hating it.
egads that sounds painful! leo is home and finally asleep.  all his tests came back negative (lukemia, feline aids) and he did well.  but the cone of shame...i've had cats hate it and adjust.  leo just...no.  he spent forever trying to get it off, and started thrashing- which made it hard on his surgery.  he wasn't sleeping-scraping his head along the wall.  i finally got to feed him, took the collar off and spent 30 minutes covering the surgical area while he tried to lick it.  he finally zonked out.   i ordered one of those donut collars instead.  hopefully it arrives tomorrow.
america bashing seems to be a major topic online. so is religion bashing. i love how alot of people who abjectly hate those hate them for being closed-minded, hateful, or controversial in some way, ironically.  i also saw another thing that surprised me today, though i'm afraid of all the controversial subjects coming up. i saw a brony-bashing meme for the first time since likely 2012! i thought people got tired of hating on that one and moved on a long freakin' time ago.
time for another meeting!
it wasn't too bad. it only dropped about a quarter inch, and it was the smaller end. the big end hit first, so i didn't get the full weight. i still cussed loudly, though
@lz, wheres the fun in that?  at least if you would have had some little kids around they could have moved it for you... ;) (jokes, just jokes)  hope you didn't squish said finger too much!
oh, and always remember to use the buddy lift system when moving a transmission so you don't drop it on your finger. i'm glad no little kids were around.
people love getting reactions out of other people. to that end, they'll make ourlandishly false claims to get a rise out of people and/or grab a few minutes in the spotlight and possibly gain a cult following. see the anti-vaxxer movement.
oops. that turned out a bit longer than i'd hoped! sorry, it's really interesting, but not relevant to life as we know it.  but if you ever meet someone who still believes the flat earth society believes what they're saying, copy and paste that in their faces. how is this still a topic, though?!
also, it never ceases to amaze me not how many people believe the earth is flat, but how many people believe that many people believe the earth is flat! b.o.b. put out that rap album months ago and it's still a topic everywhere online.  how many times do i have to tell people? 95% of the flat earth society, at a minimum, doesn't actually believe it. most of them are internet trolls who don't believe it but love people's reactions when they say they do. what's left is minor celebrities and rappers who didn't make an album for like 10 years looking to get a bit of popularity by throwing it all over their twitter and the internet and getting into internet battles with neil degrasse tyson.  the only people who do believe it, or would, are the ones who are more like farmers in ancient civilizations or undeveloped nations where they could learn about it and would totally believe it was round, but they honestly wouldn't care whatsoever since it doesn't impact their daily lives. and people think people just 150 years ago or so believed it was flat! it comes up all the time here on the internet! eratosthenes found out over 2000 years ago by looking in wells on solstice it was round (and proceeded to calculate the circumference of earth and distance from the sun and circumference of the sun, quite accurately if i remember correctly), but fishermen thousands of years before even that saw the curve of the ocean horizon and deduced it from that.  end rant. i just realized: trying to out-science neil tyson is like trying to out-box mike tyson.
i saw something today about a beer spa in prague on a vlog where you take a bath in beer products and, for a full hour, included in the spa price, you can have as much beer on tap right next to the tub as you can drink. probably very expensive, but that totally sounds amazing! maybe we should hold the kittencon in prague?!
or five
but that would actually give me more time to finish a pint...
that's not a bad idea. except i'd have to say lunch, since i don't smoke
@lz: tell your co-workers you are going out for a smoke break and pop in at the local bar and have a brewski.
good heavens! that was a very long meeting! just over 4 hours. i could go for a beer.
i do, though while i'm in america, on a dry campus, no less, i'll stick with some root beer if you have it. i'll just put it in a square glass. the math checks out.
part one of the check run is over. part two starts tomorrow. who wants a beer? (creeper, you get a shot of vodka since you are fretting over little leo)
you know, aside from the annoying headache all morning, this is turning out to be a nearly perfect day! if only i could have had it on the weekend so that work didn't get in the way later on tonight.
i want a kitten just to get a kittyconvict collar! and... well, other kitten stuff. i wouldn't mind having one as it is. there was a really cute, friendly, and playful one at a farm we frequent outside of town, but my mom didn't want to take her as she thought she would be too needy and attention-stealing all the time and would not be able to stay outside (like none of our other cats ever tried to sneak in the door while it was open). the only reason they're outside at all is that my dad hates the fur and scratches on furniture, though i imagine if we had a puppy he'd allow it. as for killing pets? i can't even imagine it. even if i had to humanely put down a pet, even if it was aggressive to any object living or inanimate and genuinely hated life itself, i would feel like i were pulling the trigger on ol' lassie.
the highest score i've gotten on an exam all semester! 105 points! woo! oh, wait... it's out of 200? dang. oh well, the average was 63, so this is the highest above the average i've been all semester!
agreed bakhan.... don't understand how humans live with themselves.  can't talk about it.  too sad. they did, however, love leo's kittyconvict collar!  the vet goes "oh wow- this is good.  it's bright, your number is right on it.  thank you for doing this"
morning gm! and thanks bakhan.  i'm such a helicopter mommy.  i get to pick him up today. :) i liked that the woman behind the desk kept saying "ok, your baby will be..." "you can pick your baby up at 4"
morning kittens.
@creeper, there is no depth to which humanity can not sink.  anyone who could hurt or abandon an animal are the true defenition of evil.  there is no more evil act than to harm an innocent, no animal ever did anything to deserve the suffering and abuse that some humans are willing to doll out (i don't call them people, because in my opinion, they are not).  its up to the good people of the world to speak out and act out for those who can't!  love is greater than evil.  love will always find a way to overcome!
@creeper, you wouldn't be such an awesome fur mom if you didn't feel that way!  he'll be just fine, and he will forgive you, eventually, with enough blood sacrifices... ;)  do you get to pick him up tonight?
i don't know how people can abandon pets.  just leaving him like that, even knowing i'll be back, nearly killed me.
i did well and didn't cry until i got outside!  i'm ok with getting him fixed- i know it's good for him.  it was sitting in the waiting room and leaving him when he looked so scared.  broke my little fur mommy heart!
i remember how guilty i felt about getting my dog neutered.  that was the first time he ever went under and he was two years old (i wanted him to get as big as he could), i was going to wait until three, but things were happening, and they needed to stop happening. ;)  he bounced back in no time, as i'm sure leo will as well!  lots of love and treats won't hurt either!
awwww creeper. just remember that it's for his own good and he will heal quickly with lots of love from you
good morning kittens!
he keeps burrowing under his fuzzy animal to hide.  :(
at humane society with leonidas.  i don't know who's more upset!  i fell bad for the little fuzz because commuting here was stressful and now he's in office with whimpering dogs and meowing cats.
morning kittens. mortal kombat crazy day today thanks, in part, to it being the last check run of the month. thanks a lot leap year. (you wanker)
i should have gone to bed, but i slept until 3 pm today by accident, so i wanted to stay up late even if i was tired (wasn't until about now) so i wasn't laying in bed until like 4 or 5 am awake and uncomfortable. i wanted to start the week off with enough sleep just once, but no, looks like i'll be tired yet again all week. right now, though, i can't even remember the sentence i was seconds away from typing. i should probably go to bed now.
i only thought leo was a girl for the first few days until we took him to the vet.  even then, the vet struggled.  i want to go to bed but leo is asleep in my arms like a baby. so sweet, but my ass is asleep!
leo did have a fun day! he finally won an oscar! i mean, he should have like 8 for best actor, but it's a start! ... oh, that leo. "best supporting kitten"?  haha, so you actually thought he was a girl until nugget's "nuggets" made an appearance, and now you're cutting off his identifying marks?
hiya kittens!!  tried to give leo a fun day today.  we played outside in the sun (with his leash and harness), the tonight he got all the nomz and played with a laser, and his favorite toy.   tomorrow- his balls are gone.  poor little bear!
i don't care about the oscars whatsoever, but a youtuber i like is streaming and they keep cutting to him for interviews. it's actually kind of funny and cool, but nobody has any idea why they chose him to do it.
also, just woke up half an hour ago, at 3 pm. tried to get up earlier, but failed. there goes any hope of getting enough sleep before a monday to start the week off right. at least i don't have exams this week (i don't think), so there's less to worry about.
ooh, that sounds fun. i got my lessons from scam school on youtube, on of my favorite channels. they had a really good series awhile back. also from just things i've seen around the internet and in real life. i've never tried picking a lock, yet i know all of the basics, a few advanced tips, locks other than the normal type, and am confident i could pick an easy one with just a problem or two on my first attempt ever. why haven't i tried?
going to a lock picking class this afternoon. will post pictures in the litter box this week.
i just decided (yes, at 4:20 am) to check the entries out of curiosity of my position and the end date. whoa, it ended now! and i'm somewhere above the middle! woo! conglaturation to all of us who entered, a winner is you!
raising canes. it's so diabolical that they put one just off campus. it's so addicting. probably the best decision canes ever made. they're making me poor!
candy canes?
i thought, "i want to go eat canes or something like that. i need convincing not to." so i looked at my bank account. 10 minutes later i was busy using my meal plan in the dining hall here. funny how your bank account can be one of the most convincing tools and friends you can ever have!
and then there's me who won't even leave today to buy stuff i need, i'll put that off until tomorrow when it's getting late and even then i may end up just staying here out of laziness and fear of losing my beloved parking spot in the garage, the perfect one, and realizing i can go a week on minimal rations.
we have a mixture of ice and rain here today..not nice when you were planning on going to get a sub. =/
wow, 75 out today! then the whole next week bounces up and down between 40 and 50. celsius.
i was up until right about 3:30 am here (a little less than 9 hours ago).  dang, only 9 hours? and i've already been up for several of those. at least i'll be able to sleep tonight and not throw off my sleep schedule like most weekends. i made sure to tone it back to only 3:30 last night.
@trinkets: i woke that early because i joined a walking/running group and this was the first meeting. i am trying to get in shape before i turn 50
i wasn't the only one up that late then.  i was up due to some shoulder muscle issues.  couldn't get any good sleep. now i feel like a zombie.
why am i up this morning on a saturday? and sober to boot.
i have one i want to say, but it's kinda long, so i'm too lazy and will only do it if people really want to hear it. it's about hell.
i will leave my parting joke for the night. q: how many ramones does it take to change a light bulb? a: onetwothreefour!
aw shucks. i was hoping for a joke "hour"! ;) ` out of your fiscal situation? then we'll bring the con to you! wait... too impractical. we'll bring you to the con! no... still impractical and pretty expensive... um... we'll hope you win the lottery! there we go.
good one zem. no, i am not up to a joke-off.  at least not right now.
thanks geist. and monetarily speaking, a con may be out of me and the wife's current fiscal situation.
@geist, oh i see how it is... ;) here let me help you... http://www.yelp.com/search…
@bakhan: bacon! that would make it so perfect. i am too lazy to fix something like that.
ah, 2 apples and a pot of coffee. other than the coffee introducing me to my new best friend, the bathroom, this sounds like a perfect afternoon.i love the weekend!
dang it, trinkets, are we gonna have a joke contest now? just say yes if so, because i can try to remember some of my favorite (non-offensive) ones! here's a primer: two bums are walking down the railroad. one says, "man, these steps are so uncomfortable. they're all bumpy and irregular." the other replied, "nah, the steps are fine. it's these low handrails that are killing me."
also, couldn't help noticing that they didn't have any bacon in there... its gots to have bacon!
@geist, thats easy peasy!  you could make that in your sleep! nothing to it! unless you just wanted someone else to make it for you... ;)
lz, make me this for dinner please? http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/ina-garten/lobster-mac-and-cheese-recipe.html
lol@trinkets. you must be so much fun at parties. you better be at our first kitten con.
so, a pirate, with a ship's wheel down the front of his pants, walks into a bar. the bartender looks at the pirate and says, "that looks mighty uncomfortable."  the pirate responds, "yyyaarrrrr.........it drives me nuts."
i loved it! it was so crazy to be able to actually be able to hear 5 songs at once! though, as you can imagine, once i realized it, it took quite a bit of focus to keep them all rolling merrily along, and for obvious reasons, it only happened once. heck, even just two songs simultaneously is pretty dang rare. well, i can think of two songs and actively focus on both, but it's rare for them to spontaneously simultaneously come up in my head. it's especially hard when they have different paces.
i have had two. no more than that, though. it drove me nuts.
have you ever had 2 songs in your head at once? i've had up to 5 songs stuck in my head, all going at the same time, focusing in between each of them or being able to focus on a certain one. they all kept going at a normal pace whether i thought about them or not, and it was exactly like 5 radios all playing at once.
which is just crazy, because that's not even my favorite white lion song. that would be it's over.
i had cry for freedom by white lion stuck in my head for a solid week. then it left, so i popped the cd in the player and listened to it to get it back.
watch them.whenever you get a moment. i promise you it will be worth your while.
...i think i really should talk my boss into letting me leave early...i read same as shame. @_@
same here no youtube at work... :(
i can't. youtube doesn't work at work.
please. please please. click on the links of those 2 songs i posted. they are a great laugh. i was almost in tears from bushes of love.
the last song that was stuck in my head, all because i couldn't remember the name, was iris by the goo goo dolls.
micah "zem the mattress" philson about 1 hour ago what's your record singing the song that never ends? as long as it takes the wifey to punch me and say, "no". i had these two songs stuck in my head for a full week. https://youtu.be/ryshduu2jum https://youtu.be/9bdxy5srzja
we sang the song that never ends for a good hour and a half, before the manager threatened to kick us out. it was nearing the end of the dinner rush, so it was to help keep us motivated(we couldn't stop laughing ad singing at the same time).
speaking of earworms, one week last year, i had in the end by linkin park in my head for literally, yes absolutely, one full week in my head. all the time it was there. i always have a song in my head whether i'm thinking about it or not, but that song alone was in my head for 7 full days straight, and even a couple times after that. good thing it was a song i really liked. the weirdest part? i hadn't heard that song in a couple years and, though i knew and loved their songs, didn't actually know who linkin park were and what they sang, their name was just familiar. it actually took me quite awhile to find the song on google. that was the second time i've ever had a song stuck in my head for a full week or so, maybe even third, but the other one/two were so long ago i can't remember at all what the song was.
what's your record singing the song that never ends? on a road trip with all my brothers and cousins, we literally sang it for about 4 hours straight, at least. that's all i remember, though the whole thing is hazy. i imagine we all got tired of it after awhile and dropped out one by one, but i know we held it for hours straight.
wow, people are really unhappy with exploding puppies. that's so surprising! who would have thought?! it seemed like such a good knockoff that had no idea what it was doing and even the concept art really, really sucked! i expected better things from such a prestigious campaign!
the song that never ends i actually was singing that song last week or so. i'm surprised the servers didn't poison you or worse.
re: song earworms i've had this song on repeat all afternoon. don't know why since it reminds me of a friend i lost a couple of years ago and makes me cry. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lz: i backed the c & h game as well. looks like fun and we will be getting a whole lot of cards.
i'm lucky, i almost never get a song stuck in my head. the last song that was stuck in my head was when i was working at boston pizza...the entire kitchen was singing it, and annoying the servers(they threatened to throw steak knives at us). the song, the song that never ends.
and that song by imagine dragons is probably the stickiest earworm ever!
it sounds like he was producing the cards out of his own home. not saying it's not possible to make quality product that way, but i don't think he has the proper card stock, printer, or packaging to properly do so.
that thing about the puppies doesn't surprise me. on another note, i decided to get in on the cyanide and happiness game
i have another ~6 hours left...though i might talk my boss into letting me slip out early. >.>
and if anyone was curious, the exploding puppies campaign delivered crappy cards to their backers. i wonder what would have happened if they had a campaign as successful as elan's. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/akhilaryan/exploding-puppies-0
no, it's not quitting time yet. i've got another 5 hours. *sigh*
...is it 4:30 yet? this day is going...slow.
woo! now i'm at 2 coffee and 1 donut won.
@geist, unfortunately, i feel it in my bones, enough to make my system go... nothing left over for radio.  my vehicle starts by just touching it though... push button ignition. ;)
@bakhan: does this mean that you could power a radio just by touching it?
@gm, well i've had that radioactive song stuck in my head for a full day now, which could be annoying, but i love it so.... ;)  between already being broke, our dollar crashing, and paying for my dog's surgery etc.,  i don't have any plans on travelling any time soon so it shouldn't be an issue.
morning kittens. that could be fun bakhan...or very annoying. possibly both.
good morning kittens! welp, i'm radioactive (just like imagine dragons...) did my thallium stress test yesterday.  i'll be setting of gieger counters for a month i've been told.
yes it is. it also would appear to be a good one at that.
morning kittens.
i said good things, not great things. it is o-chem, after all.
totally expecting good things of this exam. at least a 60%, which would be likely around a c-ish. who really knows. i done good.
only a ridiculous exam to go and i'm pretty much set for the weekend. yay!
i haven't tied these shoes since the day i got them last summer sometime. several months now, and they're still really well off.
oh, that's different
i also haven't worn them for the past 2-3 years aside for taking the trash out to the curb...and that's not even for a minute worth of wearing them.
i can't do that. i have to tie my shoes new each time i put them on.
yeah, i have a pair of hiking boots that i haven't actually tied in about 5-6 years. those laces have been in the bottom of the boots all that time, not even being pulled out.
that sounds like a bottle of getting arrested lol actually, when i made it, i had to double the candy and now it taste kinda like cough syrup which is why i'm mixing it with cherry flavored jello.
i have a solution for the laces: i tie my shoes once. that's it. then i slide my heel in and out of the back. obviously not with dress shoes, and it's hard with boots that are any higher than ankle-height, but with normal shoes, i only tie them in a double knot once or twice and the shoes last for a normal amount of time as it is. the heel isn't even the first thing to wear out in my shoes, it's the second. the toe always falls apart first.
winner alert! only 200 comments from blowing lz out of the water! i like how i still care about that. it's still in a joking manner, but somewhere in the back of my head, the pokemon theme has always played... (i wanna be... the very best... like no one ever was!!! *dun dun dadun!*)
jolly rancher flavored tequila? ????? that sounds like a bottle of getting arrested
i got some jolly rancher flavored tequila and some apple flavored whiskey. i might as well use them.
shots! shots! shots!
i think i will make some jello shots this evening.
i'm going to start doing that here...though, i've had these shoes about 7months or so, possibly a bit longer, and this is the first time they broke.
i have that happen a couple times a year, but on my work boots.  i keep an extra pair of laces in my truck at all times.
morning kittens. nothing like tying your shoe...and the lace breaks. it's just barely long enough to do all but the top holes....but it looks weird, and on dress shoes at that.
good morning all.
now i feel kinda pushy about that, but maybe because everyone left literally as i got here yesterday, a day i get off early. i know i can't be around the same time as you guys' busiest time, but you really just abandon this place after the early afternoon.
good morning. don't forget to check the litter box.
morning kittens. i can't wait until next week. most days will be in the 60's so it looks like mother nature is finally shaking off her cold demeanor
an email i just got from the department of chemistry at my college:  "major: cheistry: chemists positions at corps in kc" ` but... aren't i already in the... oh, not this kc... a different corps... in that kc... ok.
and ill try to check it out zem...just that my password was so long i cant remember it!
leo sleeps in my arms like a baby.  its si cute i cant handle it
well, an old picture. wait, is it really this dull today? wow, literally as soon as i got on, everyone bugged out! what, are you all at a bar without me or something? i'm not turtle enough for the turtle club?
nobody went to see it? there's a picture of me as well. she was so freaking fluffy!
just realized i've been here awhile and forgot to comment. i was looking to see if bakhan had ever uploaded a picture of the puppy, but saw a picture of gir as a kitten and realized baby leo looked so similar!  also remembered the fur baby memorial and posted a couple pictures of my late motherly influence, marble.
well, i've sat down and toured the current building with the builder, my dad used to design houses for him, and the main reason was because he doesn't currently have enough people invested in pre-purchasing a condo to start building. i was told i don't even need to pre-purchase, he will set one aside for me when they are finished(he sets a few aside for himself anyways) so that i can have the money when he does put them on the market.
@gm, fair enough.  however what some people think of as small can differ, to me my dog is small, especially now that he's down to only 80lbs.  for me, i would prefer a town house to a condo, just because some condo boards can be a nightmare!  being in the industry i am, i also see how they make choices about the equipment they use, and lets just say quality isn't even close to the top of their list... ;)  i think part of the reason why they aren't building is more to do with the economy than lack of intrest.  cost of building went up when our dollar went down, it costs around 30% more this year for materials then it did last year.
@bakhan: a lot of condos have a "small" pet rule. so a small dog would work...but that can't happen until i do, in fact, move out and have the place. right now the ones i want to get into aren't building the second or third buildings because not enough people have expressed interest(really love the location, and really want in there...but there is a townhouse - 4 bedrooms, 2.5 bath - for rent in the area that someone i know is the landlord of...might try and get a few people to move in there...)
@geist, i don't think a dog would fit gm's lifestyle very well.  most condos won't let you own dogs in calgary.  he just needs to put himself out there, the rest will take care of itself. just do it!  can't meet anyone new, if you don't do anything new.
maybe gm should try that. get a cute little doggie like yours and walk him around the neighborhood. i'll be visiting canada a second time to attend his wedding.
@geist, well he is pretty cute!  when he was around 10 months old i was walking him through the neighbourhood and a rather attractive young woman was riding by on her mountain bike.  she almost flipped herself over the handle bars to stop and give him some pets! it was awesome.  i hope that you get to meet him as well.
@bakhan: miracles happen everyday. i'll hold out hope that the little guy will be around when i get there. he can help me purloin the maple syrup. (nobody expects the cute little doggies)
i've won a coffee and a donut. my coffee today was supposed to be free(since i won it yesterday) but forgot my winning tab on my desk. it's still here, so i get a free coffee tomorrow instead.
@geist, glad to hear that you are seriously considering coming up for halloween! yay!  sadly though, as much as it hurts to say, i don't expect the little guy to hang on until then.  he is a very sick boy, and that cancer is so bloody aggressive.  even in my wildest desires i can't believe i would be lucky enough for him to see another halloween.  t_t
@gm, lol!  i have only won a single coffee so far.  i buy one a day so those aren't great results.  however, the coffee is the same price whether you have a chance to win something or not.  the least attractive thing to win is the donut, their donuts suck!  coffee is the best though, hands down!
and a couple billion of the best, and most common prize. and invitation to buy another coffee to play again(got that today).
tim horton's annual "roll up the rim to win". you can win a free coffee/donut(millions of these), a $100 tim's gift card(couple hundred of these), 55" lg 4k oled tv(possibly hundred of these), $5,000 prepaid credit card(think about hundred of these), or a 2016 honda civic(40-ish of these). everyone who buys a coffee/tea around this time of year has the chance to win any of those...and it's all across canada, so your odds aren't that great to begin with, but even lower still after taking into consideration the number of people that go there.
glad to hear that bakhan. just gives me a better chance to see the puppy when i visit in october. @gm: win a car off of coffee?
missing paperwork makes due date so much more fun....i need to win a car off this coffee, or the $5,000 prepaid credit card, to make this day tolerable.
@geist, he's looking better every day!  yesterday he "wolfed" down his ground beef and rice, both meals, and even ate a container of his wet food too!  he is much more alert and already wanting to play all the time, which obviously he isn't allowed to for another week and a half anyways.  his incision seems to be healing nicely, another scar for his collection... ;)  he's a fighter (and a super sweet sucky boy)!
how is the puppy doing bakhan?
wove, twoo wove... what an epic movie!  so many great scenes, and andre the giant, come on!
the pit of despair! oh wait, not the kind of thing you'd want for a wedding. but hey, it's a princess bride reference, so it's good anyways. "mawage. mawage is what bwings us togefvew... today."
@lz, you should come up with a variation and name it something like "eternal fire of love" or something along those lines, just to personalize it a little for the wedding... just a thought.  or maybe even "love burns"
good morning kittens! @lz, thats awesome!  i know that those guests will love your sauce!  you know, you should start a website and include it on your label, so those 200 folks can get more when they run out! the ball is rolling! @geist, sorry to hear about your chaos filled day!  court papers sounds like zero or even negative amounts of fun!  you need to have some fun girl! @zem, green is on the opposite side of the colour wheel from pink, but i like your black and blue suggestion.  i say we start a bully the bully campaign!  if you see someone picking on someone else, pick on them!  there isn't enough group shaming any more!  tar and feather those punks, and then run 'em outta town!
congrats lz. looks like your sauce business is taking off.
morning kittens. more chaos today and to make matters worse, i have to file court papers in 4 days.
make that a quarter bottle. and dwindling fast-ish, depending on how much i want macaroni in my life.
oh jeez! that sounds like alot of work, but also freaking amazing! your first mass sale! you've been planning for some time now, so i assume you have alot of the details worked out for making the sauce en masse, but most importantly, i hope this doesn't set back the kickstarter! i only have about a third of the inferno left! i've been sparing it.
a guy i work with wants to buy 200 bottles of sauce from me to use as party favors for his wedding!
oh yeah, i've heard that story actually. hey, while you're at it, you can support breast cancer too. not enough people have it, or at least that's why i assume so many people are supporting it.
well, the reasoning behind why it's "wear pink to support anti-bullying" is(again, from the email): this idea comes from two incredible nova scotia high school students who, in 2007, saw a fellow student being bullied for wearing a pink shirt.  they decided to take a stand. they went out and bought pink shirts to give to fellow students to show their support for a boy who was being bullied simply for wearing a pink shirt.
what color do you wear to support bullying? what's the most affronting color? i mean, pink is right up there. blood red or something? scarlet-ish? ooh, is it black and blue?
as a chick, i  don't like the color pink. darker hued colors like sapphire blue or royal red are more my speed.
it's to support the anti-bullying thing(this taken straight from the email hr sent out): we are asking you all to participate in pink t shirt day tomorrow! please wear a pink t-shirt tomorrow to show your support for anti-bullying
just bleach a red, wash a white with reds, buy one, and then just go in a normal shirt because unless there's an event that just sounds weird.
apparently, i'm supposed to wear a pink shirt tomorrow to work....i don't own a pink shirt.
glad to hear your dog is eating. and yeah, boiling hamburger is gross
1999. steve martin and eddie murphy.  eddie murphy plays 2 guys. it really caught me off guard. better than what i was expecting.
@trinkets, good to hear!  get better soon!  never saw bowfinger... when was that one made?
howdy all. ik. still sick. no fluid in the lungs and signs are pointing in the right direction. hopefully be back to work tomorrow or thursday.
i mean, golden child was really well done and a great movie, it just was not what you'd expect from murphy at all. weird movie made weird with a main actor that didn't quite fit. but the blood oatmeal... i don't know why that's always stayed with me, but that's one of the things i remember most. just creepy and disgusting. almost like boiled beef and rice.
rod "bakhan" mitchell about 2 hours ago @zem, oh come on! golden child was a classic! i, i, i, i, i, want the knife... i also really enjoyed bowfinger.
why couldn't i have one lousy check run day that was calm. no my liver is expecting a spanking when i get home.
@zem, oh come on! golden child was a classic! i, i, i, i, i, want the knife...
eew, bakhan. glad it worked, but now i'm having flashbacks to that disgusting blood oatmeal or whatever that was from the golden child, one of eddie murphy's lesser known works, and not for no good reason. i wouldn't recommend it.
yay! a chance to catch up during an hour of waiting in lab! good thing i brought my laptop! though it's probably not a good idea to touch your computer if you have gloves on still. especially when you're working with some of the more fun stuff in the lab.
@geist, oh god it was gross!  this pinky gelatinous mass perculating in the pot.  i actually had to think of something else whilst cooking or i may have gotten sick!  everytime i stirred it, i was sort of squinting at it... lol!  i'm a plumbers son, so it takes a lot to gross me out, this was a winner!
the hurry up and wait is strong this week.
meat porridge. mmmmmmmmmmmm
dodged a bullet. check run will be done on thursday, thank goodness. congrats bakhan on the puppy dog eating some food. makes me hopeful that i will get to meet the little guy.
@thanks creeper!  i can picture the cat walking around with a sock, too funny!  i used to stuff old socks with newspaper to act as an arm replacement for my old cat.  he loved to play, but he also loved to use his claws!  i still miss him, had him for 20 years.
yay!!! i'm glad the boiled meat (eek) worked!  it's so satisfying to finally see your baby eating normally. and regards to the cat- growing up i had a cat that howled a lot, and carried around a sock.  it started in the later years. seemed like she either lost a litter traumatically, or wanted to have kittens....i'm not really sure. it was odd.
our cat is free fed, so she always has a full food dish, her litter box is cleaned daily, she gets lots of attention, honestly, i can't figure out what her problem is!  we've had our current vet look her over, but i have lost faith in him, since he mis-diagnosed my dog.  there may very well be nothing wrong with her, but i swear, she must be either possessed or have more of the devil in her than most cats...
our cat never shuts up until someone feeds him...that or he is downstairs by himself, and he watched the last person walk up the stairs. he has no troubles getting around either. he's just very....dumb for lack of better word.
@gm, you and me both.  i think i have to take our cat in to  a different vet, our current one sucks and there has to be something wrong with her even though he can't find anything, she howls all the time and all through the night, i barely slept as well.  i love her a lot, but right now, its good that shes nowhere near me! damn cat!
morning kittens! here's hoping my coffee kicks in(didn't sleep very well last night)
good morning kittens! so i finally convinced the boy to eat last night!  i boiled up some hamburger (which i have never done before, and it looks sooooo nasty! like meat porridge. barf!) and some brown rice and he ate it all up!  i was really good to see.  he ate a full bowl for breakfast again this morning.  so i'm hopeful i can get him back on regular food in a few days.  good to see him excited to eat again!
yay, more leo! yeah, i know how that feels, geist. remember when i was on throughout the day? today, i won't even be able to check in until likely around 4 pm here. nobody's ever on that late.
@creeper: leo looks so peaceful. i love the way cats sleep.
morning kittens. check run day and month end close which means the chaos will increase until i start drinking or pulling my hair out. won't be on much but will check in when i can.
here's leo! https://www.dropbox.com/s/ehr4jrycxy6bepx/2016-02-03%2020.15.30.jpg…
i'm so happy the animal book was funded.  it looks so beautiful.
*sigh*  he's having teenage dreams... he's so cute and sweet and falls asleep in my arm like a baby.  but sooner or later...  a pixelated image is what should be happening.
is he starting to try to give you kittens already or something?
leo needs to get fixed pronto
wow, is this really such a dead day? it's so unpredictable here. you can never know whether it's going to be overflowing or stagnant, but a good rule of thumb is if i can keep checking here every  half hour or so, nobody else will. but still, watch someone play the zoo race. especially jontron's video. thank me later. you'll try through fumbled words.
have you ever seen the game the zoo race? i'd suggest watching it. especially jontron's video on it that i just saw. what... i... i literally can't think of one funny thing to say right now. what... the actual... this is beautiful in a really, really weird way. seriously... just check it out. i... no, i'm just going to stop even trying to find words. just go see that.
mine is me not knowing how the heck to do something and wishing i had a shoulder to stare awkwardly over to see how it's done.
mine is usually my manager asking me how i did something.
people don't ask me how it's done. most of the time, they don't have permissions to do what i do, which is why they come to me. if it is something they can do, i walk them through the process.
naps. of the highest on the list of things both college students and infants revere.
@geist: they're the ones that taught me in the first place though...so them asking how i did it doesn't seem right.
@gm & lz: i tend to ask how it's done because i don't want to go back to that person with the same question. teach me how to do it and i'll leave you alone in the future.
@lz: i know that feeling. then i get the whole "how did you do that" question line...and it's something that has been in place since day 1...that they taught me originally.
i really hate it when people bring something to my office for me to fix an issue, and then sit and look over my shoulder while i do it. first of all, i was already busy with other things, but let me just drop all of that to help you! second of all, i don't need an audience! third, this "problem" you brought me isn't a problem; that's how things are done. go away!
yay healthy puppies! ` haha, geist. you could be the corps pet, how about that? there's an opening since our friendly whale disappeared, likely to fight the evil prof on his moon base. ` so i went to bed at 10 pm hoping for some sleep for once. slept 2 hours, woke up for no reason, and couldn't sleep again until about 4:30. so not only did i not get the extra sleep i wanted, i have even less than i usually do to start a week. plus had a horrible night of restlessness. so much fun.
@pot, thats good to hear, especially that he's not in pain right now!  a dog will do anything to stay with its master.  even if we don't feel that we deserve that kind of unconditional love.  here's hoping that these next couple of weeks are really special for you both!  i'm happy that you have this time!
ditto what gm said
yay for pups perking up! as long as he isn't in pain, then all the more reason to keep on hugging him.
i have to get some things done today so i'll try and check back in later today.
good mornin' kittens.  just a quick update.  our dog has been granted a reprieve, at least for a couple of weeks.  over the weekend he perked up some and doesn't seem to be in pain.  since our vet won't be available for two weeks he will be with us at least that much longer as long as he seems content.  we are taking it day by day.
ok. i just reread what i last posted. i swear to you i am not drunk.
morning kittens. hopefully nothing too crazy happens today.
@geist, oh i would cook for you too! ;) not that i would call you my pet though, my wife might (hahahahaha definitely would) get jealous! ;)
so happy the puppy is home bakhan. pets really love us unconditionally so i can understand why you would do this for me. i don't usually get along with people who can't understand that. @trinkets: i agree with bakhan. maybe you need to see a doctor. you are getting sick more often so that might be a sign of something not so good. we don't want to lose you.
i love the "i have no strong feelings one way or the other" things. anywhere you look, they have exactly the same amount of thumbs up and down.
@geist, i hope your day isn't too crazy!  you gotta whip those mofo's into shape! @trinkets, have you seen a doctor?  it might be something that needs some meds.  i had a buddy who swore he had the flu, turned out to be pnemonia!  he almost died.  seriously, if you haven't, get it checked out.  i would way rather you find out it's nothing then go undiagnosed!
good morning kittens! i finally got to bring the boy home yesterday.  his appetite is pretty much non-existant, but he'll eat treats and human food, so i'm wondering if maybe he's associating his food with feeling sick?  i'm not too sure, but i'm going to try a few different things today.  if i have to cook him food, i will, its the least i can do.  its really nice to have him home again, i missed him pretty bad!
good morning geist. i won't be on much today.  i either have a new sickness or the one i had ramped up in a big effin way.
morning kittens. another work week. and it's nearly month end so it will be more chaotic than usual.
thanks for the clarity micah, i'll let elan know.
atlas, i think it meant message the project creator. comments are never checked and things tend to get pushed down very fast into oblivion, even a year after the campaign ended. i would try support@explodingkittens.com (that was the one, right?) again and messaging elan through his kickstarter profile above, but if you did the email again first, make sure to mention it.  i don't know for sure, but support should still be around. if you have the correct email, which i'm sure you've checked anyways, they should have gotten it.  any other tips, guys? then again, it's the weekend at night. doubt there'll be a cascade of tips. in fact, i'm going to bed really early.
hello, i'm leaving a message here, directed from facebook: https://www.facebook.com/explodingkittens/posts/1114824391895622… , i have tried support email and still haven't gotten any reply back, i have also been pledged for over 6 months and have yet to receive anything. please help.
i saw it thursday night. it was amazing! it couldn't live up to the expectations of someone waiting for it for 7 years now and it missed a ton of opportunities for great jokes, especially ones i had 7 years to think up, but if you get rid of all the unrealistic expectations, it was freaking amazing!
i'm jelly of you trinkets. i missed it this weekend because of the evil that is macy's.
finally saw deadpool. *******spoiler alert******* ********************************* it was effin amazeballs!!!! ********************************* that is all.
nooooooo!!! so close, and you ruined it, geist! dang it, maybe next time. maybe you won't leave me to my own devices next time.
another weekend done and it was raining all day. my feet and jeans are sopping wet. bleh. i loathe that feeling.
let's go for a new record: 24 full hours of only me on here! the zem show, featuring micah!
apparently not...
maybe this will draw someone out: http://9gag.com/gag/ax9nee9 the trap is set!
aw man, all week i couldn't keep up with you guys, and now that i'm here all day, nobody else is!
mmmmm... macaroni with extra cheese and some hot sauce for flavor! so good! that and an arby's coupon for a classic roast beef small meal is my supper, and it's perfect for today.
you're running off their internet? i hate to say it, but you should consider yourself lucky you have slow internet if that's the case. though i totally feel your pain. i've had it so bad it took up to 15 times as long to upload a video as to watch it. not even kidding. i am so glad we got better internet (after a long time of waiting for them to fix whatever the hell was wrong). the university's internet is so good, though! reliable and actually relatively fast.
and brunch is awful because a - i have to wake up and work while everyone gets to enjoy their saturday morning.   b - we're a theatre restaurant - so everyone going to the saturday matinees comes in to eat and it's at the exact same time.  they all show  up at once and all expect to be your top priority.  it's just a solid 3 hour block of stress and panic.
good lord... i know i shouldn't complain because i haven't paid for internet since i moved to this apartment... but it's slower than dial-up right now and it's incredibly frustrating.  i don't have cable - only roku, so anything i want to watch stops every 15 seconds.   even to log in to this page took forever.  i want to go upstairs and see what my neighbors have going on up there and fix it!!!
that was a quick nap trinkets. my naps are more feline like. (they tend to last for hours not minutes)
naps are the best. hopefully going to deadpool later tonight. didn't make matinee :-(
i still can't believe it was a show on nbc.  and nobody told me it was that good until a year or so after it ended. on that note, i need a nap.
it is, geist, and i think it's a great series. not one of my all-time favorites, but if you're looking for a binge, it fulfills it. with amazing villains! chevy chase (i started watching with dad and brother after first season, so i missed him) and timothy dalton! i'd suggest other things, but if chuck is going to become a theme on here, maybe it's a good thing to check off the list.
if chuck is on netflix, i will check it out next month
@trinkets: i know what you mean about tequila. about 20 years ago (when my booze tolerance level was much lower than it is now) i purchased a bottle of the tequila with the worm in the bottom of the bottle and went to a new years eve party. i consumed 3/4 of the bottle by myself in 45 minutes. to say i was sick for days is an understatement. left it alone for many years but now i treat it with caution
i'm on like the 6th time through chuck. finishing season 3. sooo much awesome!! geist, i hope you enjoy it, if you decide to see it.
tequila?  do you mean takillya?  that stuff is liquid make yo ass do crazy stupid stuff. i have learned to stay away from it.
i love going to weekend brunches, but i can imagine they'd be hell to deal with.
awwww creeper. are the customers acting like asshats?
i.hate.working.saturday.brunch.
off of brandy old fashions? tequila, yes. brandy, no.
lol. i think mine is still drunk.
it's saturday morning. do i know where my liver is?
ah, nice, life-free weekends. hopefully my life doesn't go back to what it's been for some time. though i probably actually have much more work now.
the years with them are well worth the hard time between them and their fond memories. ` good night, trinkets.
good night.  off to bed.
exactly, creeper.   it is huge heartache when we lose them, but rescuing them.and giving them better lives is well worth it to me.
@pot- oh i'm so so sorry.  that's just so painful. of course it's heart breaking.  but knowing you can give another animal in need a nice warm home and family can help the healing process.
was it something i said? tried to find a song to put here for fun with "was it something i said" in it, but it's hard to find one i want when no matter what all the results are for a song i've never heard.
yeah, we had up to 16 cats at one time before. all outside, living in the shed with a little cat door. oh, and my mom's cat that stayed with my grandparents that she had since college and only passed away a few years ago, buddy, a siamese. but yeah, looking back through all those names, i may be slightly desensitized to pets disappearing that don't stay long enough to have a lasting effect. fluffy though... damn he was fluffy!
so long as they've lived long, fulfilled lives, i only feel really sad when it comes their time to go back home to elvis. (they go to the king's bar&grill. what, never read the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy series?) thankfully, the best cure for a late fuzzy is a baby fuzzy. then you have years of joy again, but you can never get over the baby fluffies of the past. dang it, now i'm thinking about fluffy! and marble. and purr, grr, tommy, whitesox, garfield (probably still alive, but she moved down the block and only visits once or twice a year. almost as old as marble was) angel, freija, thor, loki, tom, denise, simone, pikachu, jean claude philippe jacques perez, dark stormy clouds over the prarie at night with moon peeking through, and bob. (the last 4 were of a cultural theme: japan, france, native american, and... bob.) not to mention quite a few others of marble's descent that didn't live long enough for me to have solid memories of them. in fact, i only remember angel because she was such a little fluffball i loved her and called her the fluffymobile. she got sick as a baby and we couldn't save her. but none of that changes the fact that if any of you want to get me a perfect gift, especially when i have my own place that allows pets (stupid dorm, though i could keep one at home), a maine coon cat would be plenty enough for me to love you wholeheartedly for the rest of my life.
my dad talked my mom out of it when this last one goes(technically my sisters cat, but since we all still live together - i know, i really should move out but it's cheaper at home - it's still "theirs") there will be no more. other than the ones we can scrounge together from all the fur that is everywhere.
honestly i'm hoping i can talk my wife out of the pet parenting business.  it just rips me apart when they die.
on a happier note, i just got done making a homemade lasagna. pasta from scratch and rolled out in my new pasta machine. i have wanted one for a long time and finally broke down and got one. sooooo glad i did. homemade pasta is always one of my faves  , but rolling and cutting the noodles was crappy. now to celebrate the tasty goodness in the oven with another brandy old fashioned.
so sorry about your fuzzy family member pot. it's never easy. but hopefully there will eventually be another little fuzzy that you can bring in as a part of your family.
sorry, lol. i only had pot asking about ace as the most recent post. some ks time travel comments i guess
ace was promoting another ks project.
@creeper: i just noticed your "head banging on wall" post in the other place....you really shouldn't do that.
thanks gm
sorry to hear pot. it's a little over a year and a half since we had to put down one of our cats. she was having lots of trouble breathing while we were eating dinner, parents took her to the pet emergency, came home alone.
in other news, monday the vet is coming to put our old man down.  he is more than fifteen and half years old and he seems to in pain, so it's time.  it hurts to see him suffering.
wow, looking back to ace's comment, there have been so damn many comments today! so busy!
oh jeez, 10 minutes in and i see it's 30 minutes. though probably 10 of that is the punishment, which nobody needs to see, and intro and end-cards.
okay that makes sense., thanks gm. well i'm still not in the crate apparently, kinda bums me out but what're ya gonna do?
spamming about another project. every single project he is in has been spammed, and it's always for one ending soon.
happy anniversary everyone! @bakhan. great news, i'm glad you and the pooch are going to be okay. who is this "ace", and what on earth did he write to get ks to strike the comment?
kitty!!!!!  leo could definitely have done those stunts!  he's too big now. :(
hey, smosh games did another ek episode! just about to watch it now, but it's funny they made an ek video on the anniversary of the passing of the project. i doubt that was intentional, which makes it even more funny because of the coincidence.
just saw the trailer for key & peele's new movie they're making, keanu. that's my new favorite kitten ever! action kitten! reminded me a little of leo somehow, and i kept thinking of leo being that kitten.
bacon maple whiskey caramel.. why not throw in some marshmallow?
we're making me fat just thinking about the goodness!
@aqi69  should be cha!'s twitter. also... i have 2 cans of royal crown cola to go with 2 bottles of crown royal !!
@gm- agreed.  i'm not sure why they think the update has to be in depth with verified information.  it easily could have been - some containers are on their way, some are delayed. we've got a few issues, but slowly working out all the kinks.  it's very odd how strict they're being about these updates.
well i can just buy maple bacon in the store, but what about maple candied bacon, huh? caramelize that maple sugar right on there, that way you don't lose the strength of the maple, whilst still adding the caramelized action!
bacon maple whiskey caramel.. ok, now i'm in love with you.
@creeper: i read it, and decided to go past it and not say anything...there were so many things they should have said, but kept their mouths shut on. it wouldn't have been a huge update, but drop a couple lines saying "due to *insert actual reason for delay here* we are facing a delay of *approximation here*". it would have gone a long way to appeasing a lot of people.
t-10 days until leonidas gets his little fuzzballs removed.  his godfather is coming for human support. :)
bacon maple whiskey caramel..
@bakhan glad to hear the update on your baby!! sending you fuzzy live. @gm- how 'bout that update huh? @all- what is cha's twitter handle?
now all we need is to get bacon in there and we have the ultimate snow cone. bacon maple whiskey i think i love you.
@zem, this is canada! poutine or gtfo! ;)
what is this, an alcoholic breakfast? bacon, syrup (in place of pancakes), whiskey, eggs, orange juice, milk... you want fries with that?
oh yeah, gm, i remember when you got that job! and hated it!
now all we need is to get bacon in there and we have the ultimate snow cone. bacon maple whiskey....damn now i want one.
i've got some crown royal special reserve (two bottles) just waiting then! lolz!
we could do it like normal snow cones, and add a bit of whiskey to it now you are talking.
*hasn't been following the crate stuff* ditto. too busy with rl and other crap.
woo! another pledge manager down, only another one to go(then there are the two projects finishing soon)
a year ago, i was just finding out i was taking over the us payroll.
wow, alot's changed in one year. to think i used to live a whole... 50 meters away!
they posted on their facebook page that it's the anniversary, figured i should say we're still going strong on there.
hey, it is the anniversary, isn't it?! huzzah! remember how crazy it was around here then? and how the counter didn't even stop for nearly an hour after it ended? ;)
happy funded day anniversary everyone!
cha! is so low? aw, i wish we could help out in some way. we should just team up to make sure we're all safely on the list. heck, my little brother beat me and was twice as far up as i was, and he just had a couple funny pictures, one of which was my idea.
hmm...we could do it like normal snow cones, and add a bit of whiskey to it. adult snow cones need to be a more common thing. >.>
@gm, we'll make it happen!  yes we are too far west for maple trees to grow, thats an eastern canada thing, mostly quebec.  what i'm thinking is "making" snow via a snowcone maker and taking some high end maple syrup and a popsicle stick... you can see where i'm going with this.
*hasn't been following the crate stuff*
that's great news, bakhan! did anyone else notice that cha! is third from the bottom in the crate?
wow, bakhan, 2 bits of amazing news in one day! that's awesome! ` geist, if you can find a way for me to join you, we could steal millions of gallons of syrup! it would be glorious! sure, somebody beat us to it, but that doesn't mean we can't do it too!
i tried to get on, but where i took my laptop, for whatever reason, it couldn't connect at all. even though it said "connected". and "internet access". but not only did it not connect, just trying somehow blew up my computer. everything just ground to a halt and i had to force reboot twice, which is hard on the computer. i have no idea why. ` freedom!
well...that doesn't happen around these parts. we're too far west for it. ...at least i don't think it happens here.
so what you two are saying is that i need to wear a costume with lots of insulation. that will be a bit tricky but i will see what i can come up with. halloween sounds real nice. plus i should be in time for the maple syrup-on-a-stick, yes?
that is true, banff is nice even in the winter too.
@gm, thats what i'm worried about.  what a nice welcome to canada, hi there, good to have you! please don't freeze to death!  i just thought that if the weather was nice, it would be fun to run out to the mountains for a day, banff, lake louise, etc.  there is lots to do in town, but we are sorta famous for the great outdoors... ;)
@bakhan: i'm going to bet on it being worse next year due to the way it has been so far this year(it is the norm for it to do that)
@geist, what are you doing for halloween? ;) but to be fair, this is canada, and winter starts early, typically, this year was an anomolly.  it never really got cold at all.  i don't know if we'll have a repeat of that this year or not.
@gm & bakhan: now i have to come to canada. let me see how i can plan this. won't be in the first half of the year so it will have to be after september but before christmas. hmmmm. i've got some thinking to do.
@trinkets: that is 71 minutes too long. slacker!
@bakhan: i'll get the second round. now that's a bribe no one can refuse. :p
thanks everyone!  for anyone thinking of coming to canada for a visit this year, at least the first rounds on me! ;)  yes, that is a bribe.
good morning all. geist, i have 72 minutes until the brandy old fashioneds  start flowing!!
bakhan.   \m/
@geist: and being alive isn't enough reason already? :p
hot damn! that is good new bakhan! definitely a drinking day for me now that i have something to drink to.
yay bakhan! that is definitely some good news, so far, on both counts! also, morning kittens!
good morning kittens! holy crap!  what a day yesterday! pooch update:  the ct scan confirmed it is contained to two lymph nodes in his rear end, today he get the surgery to remove them.  if the surgery goes well (ie: it hasn't matastasized outside of the lymph itself)  then i will have him home tomorrow and he should have a similar result to last time.  fingers crossed! me update:  i was told at my stress test yesterday that i do not have a hole in my heart! the first echocardiogram i had was misinterpreted by the technichian and my heart is normal and healthy!  i have to go in for another, more heavy duty stress test next thursday to make sure i don't have any blockage in my arteries and other than that i'll have a clean bill of heart health!  take that world, you can't get rid of me so easy!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
morning kittens. it's friday. 8 more hours until freedom and then deadpool.
it'll be so nice to have sleep again, trinkets! this entire week was the 8 am to 2 am kind of day. every day. the nice part is it feels like a cool summer day out! i mean exactly like it! 10+ degrees colder, but after winter and to me, that feels like a perfect 75 ish. wait, it did get up to 70 today! oh, god, it's only february! it's too early for this! oh well, enjoy it while it lasts!
ah, i feel so much better now! and deadpool was just about as perfect as i thought it would be! even better if you forget all the expectations that were unrealistically high for it as i've been waiting for that movie for literally 7 years now. i am glad that it waited until after my entire family could see r rated movies, though. totally worth it!  but they missed so many opportunities for jokes, references, and 4th (or 16th) wall breaks! i should become a writer for the next one. they didn't even have deadpool pause the movie and walk off set! i had an amazing plan for that!
oh god.., i just took a citibike out for a thirty block freezing cold ride.  second time on a bike in nyc ever. first time i was hammered, it was summer, and j had four people with me.  this time only slightly buzzed and by myself.  it was terrifying.  and i couldn't feel my fingers, so i stopped.  stupid mta.
busy night in here. get some sleep zem. good night all.
maybe mel is just mel on the outside. on the inside, he's... mel man! or melman for short. (hollywood can't even handle me to throw me in a dumpster) ` ouch! i'm seriously getting whiplash from stress going away. it's starting slow but i'm losing more and more by the second. if only weight went away like this... and soon, deadpool!
@trinkets: if hollywood can handle mel gibson, it can handle you.
nearly there! i feel light-headed, which could either be from sleep deprivation, stress, stress related impacts on the body, dichloromethane, or all of the above. just need to shower, eat, test, and relax!
thanks geist, but hollywood couldn't handle me ;-)
if the quizzies are hard, you should see the testies lmao! you should be in hollywood trinkets
in just one day, 3 exams, 2 quizzes, 2 butchers, and a f***load of cutlery. wait, this isn't hot fuzz? shoot. i mean 1 lab and a sh**load of regular work on top of that. so can't wait for tonight when it's all over and i just have my really easy-going fridays.
zem, if the quizzies are hard, you should see the testies
on the plus side, i got an extra hour of sleep!
i'd like a visit too. it's just slightly more impossible for me to make it there pretty much ever. ` woo! 2 exams down, 1 fairly easy, only the chem one tonight and maybe 2 more quizzes and a long, hard lab! then deadpool and the weekend!!! i actually slept just to when my first class started today, but it's only reviewing the week's homework and i would have studied for the physics exam next hour the whole time anyways, so i just didn't bother and went straight to the physics building early and reviewed.
thanks bakhan.  we've put it off as long as is reasonable, but i don't want him suffering, and we both think he is. i'm outta here for a couple of hours, maybe i'll see you all later.
@gm, that sounds awesome!
thanks guys! @geist, the prospect of a visit is awesome! i'm sure between gm, yourself, and me we can make your trip pretty awesome! for full disclosure though, we are on the opposite side of the country for the maple syrup heist. we can still pour on the maple though, don't worry! i'll prepare a maple feast! it'll be like iron chef, where the secret ingredient is maple! @pot, i checked out the pics in the litter box, you new home looks amazing! it's around the same size as mine, but 26 years newer! i'm sorry to hear about your back pain, but i know as hard as that is, it must be nothing in comparison to you're feeling about your pooch. i wish you all the best man i know it's hard. on a much lighter note: the last time i was in the chicago airport i had a butter crust pizza, it was the best airport pizza i've ever had! i was looking for deep dish, but didn't leave disappointed at all!
nothing to ease one's mind like mint kit-kat(actually very good), and some sonata arctica.
good luck with the ct scan, bakhan. good luck with the back, pot. i could almost write a book on back problems. 14 years ago i had a discectomy at 25 years old. doctor said 1 in 5 have the surgery again. he points at me and tells me that i will be that one. because i'm half of the age of most people who get the surgery.
sorry bakhan, we're getting ready here too.  my wife is calling our vet today to see when she can come to the house and help our old man out of his pain. i wish you both the best of luck.
woohoo! will keep my fingers crossed for you bakhan. if everything goes swimmingly, that means i still have a chance to meet the puppy. now that is a nice goal to set for myself. plus making off with all the maple syrup.
good morning kittens!  puppy update, he is getting a ct scan today. they did an x-ray yesterday and it looks like the cancer is back as i expected, but it's in the lymphs on the other side of his bum. the good news here is that it may be localized to that area only (ct scan to confirm). if this is the case, a surgery would be able to remove it and give him another six months or so!  fingers crossed guys! he's not ready yet! even with all the pain and discomfort he was still trying to play yesterday before i took him in. i've had to think long and hard about who i'm really doing this for and can honestly say him. i don't want to let him go, but i will when he's ready, as hard as that will be. but when you look at him, he isn't giving that i'm tired and done now vibe. he's a fighter, and he's not done yet! thanks to you all for your support!
yeah.  gotta love that wind whipping right down the lake.  luckily we're inland far enough the lake effect doesn't really impact where we live.  unless i have to go in to the city for some reason.
chicago has some coooooollllddd weather and winds to boot. no thank you! love your deep dish pizza though.
i  have injured my back so many different ways and times i lost count years ago, i go to a chiropractor every week, it's the only thing that keeps me upright.  but this is a muscle strain and there's nothing he can do about that.  the problem is i may have a voiceover gig in the city tomorrow and if i have to go up stairs i don't know if i'll be able to.
lower back pain is one of the worst pains i've ever had(threw my back out when i was working in a warehouse, still have problems every now and then).
g' mornin' cats and kittens.  i am flat on my back today with lower back pain, so no going to the house for me. 40 degrees today, maybe 62 tomorrow in the greater chicago area.
morning kittens! today looks to be a long day(finished everything i needed to do this week by the time i left yesterday....now to do things i don't want to do...like filing t.t)
on saturday, it will in the low 60's. what will i be doing? most likely watching deadpool and the reverant in theaters.
it's freaking a minimum of 65 today, tomorrow, and saturday here! then it goes down only to 50 degrees on average for as long as the forecast can see. why do i get this stuff?! oh well, might as well enjoy it. winter may be gone for good already. it was a good 1 month of winter.
good morning geist. forcast for here is hi of 40° lo tonight of 38°. about damn time we get a day above freezing.
morning kittens. cold today but not blistering cold. i think mother nature i'd finally starting to warm up. mr. groundhog was right after all.
good morning all
i don't have attention span to scroll back.  what did i miss?
oh cool! love the community tab!
sorry, i had a busy day and only skimmed the earlier comments. goodnight. dream of pcs.
good night all
gm pointed out the community tab earlier today. and that was pretty funny zem.
how have i never heard of this?! it's exactly me! hell, it's even moss from the i.t. crowd as the profile icon!  http://9gag.com/gag/a3b1y5v
huh, how long has that "community" tab been there next to "comments"? just saw that and looked into it. that's a pretty cool update!
welp, one of the three exams done. thankfully, it wasn't much more difficult than i expected. unfortunately, i expected one or two problems i wouldn't be able to solve. hopefully the ones i knew and the ones i eventually worked out fine should offset those, and partial credit should take care of the rest. ` ah, now to relax and... shoot, online homework and getting ready for lab, which includes 2 quizzes (basically our exams for lab) as well as a full lab to do. nevermind. it was fun while it lasted. at least when you have a full day, you usually don't mean from 8 am to 1 am with small breaks in between when you give up.
that we do geist, that we do.  there will be three finished bedrooms, master suite on the 1st floor and two upstairs, with space for one or two more upstairs and another in the basement.  total finished square footage for tax purposes is 2894, actual footage under roof is about 5500.
@pot: i saw pictures of the house you are building and wanted to know if i could move in with ya'll. you got plenty of room
looks like they have uploaded the list then. now i'm down to 60 or so below the top. oh hey, my brother, @sonicrainbooom or something like that, is on it now too! he's like 30 above me. i have a plan to pad my score more if need arises.
i just uploaded a second attempt. we'll see what happens.
pot, i am not on the crate board. haven't had time to do anything yet.
close, zem. it's a little something i like to call the drunken smartphone.
sorry gang.  i got sidetracked on a prjext and haven't had tome to check back.  i am on an hp laptop running windows 7 pro, so the message from apple is a bit odd. and yes, it only happens when i'm on ks. @geist...  i'm sorry, what question? all that said how many other than creeper and lz have made it in to the crate?
of course not, geist. don't be silly. he has an old telegraph outpost that he's set up in his office and just sends these messages in via morse code.
eric 'trinkets&nopes' baumgarten 2 minutes ago apple shmapple. pc shmec. i don't even own a computer. in other words, you are talking to us from the stone age.
apple shmapple. pc shmec. i don't even own a computer. take that!!
good luck bakhan
apple is best for some things, yes, but otherwise it depends on what you want it for. if you're going to really use the computer and need strength, speed, graphics, and/or processing, get a full, professionally built one or custom built one. if you just need a computer that's highly functionable and good for interacting with others, get a mac. that's enough of that! good luck, bakhan! luck is being wished all over the place!
good luck, bakhan!
so sayeth bill gates... i wonder where he got his ideas from... hmmm... ;) okay seriously, i'm over the computer thing now. pc's are better, sorta, i guess. ;)  have a good night everyone, i'm off to take the pup to the vet to see if there is anything that can be done for him.  wish me luck!
apple has become your overlords. resist! resist!
i can back bakhan on this. i tried recording with a focusrite sapphire on a pc. the masters were great, but as soon as it was exported to a playable format, it sounded like it was being played through a wall.
@zem, i won't argue with you about the computer games, because i know so little about them, i'm sure your opinion is correct.  however, when it comes to music recording/rendering software pc can't even compete, not even close.  pc = garbage in the music industry, trust me.  i don't know of a single recording studio that would drop to that level, and it is a significant drop.  i tried for years to get any kind of decent results out of a pc (as that was what we had), first day with a mac and beautiful recordings were made.  just saying.  you can have the games, i need the music!
hey, nearly 20 years later and i still love playing my n64! because... i've been playing since the day i was born. ok, so maybe more like 15, maybe even up to 17 years of being a proud member of the n64 masterrace. also, unless it's apple software, it could readily run any of that software, and i think i even had an option when ordering this to have a suite of programs like that pre-downloaded. if it is apple, though, it's well known in the computer world that apple is the rich kid that doesn't get along well with others. apple products work perfectly fine and even much better in some cases, but they do not cooperate with any other systems, which can make them a pain.
the only thing i like the apple products for actually, is music related stuff(still using an ipod touch 64 gb for my music....same device for the past 5/6 years now). for gaming i find pc to be better. but that's also just me.
oh no, not you too geist!  sigh, i guess i don't have any friends anymore...
@bakhan: the macbook can't run the sims so that is a big "nope" for me on that subject.
@zem, computer gaming isn't something that i've done in years and years.  literally zero intrest anymore.  i'd like to see your wiz bang pc try and run any of my music recording/rendering software, at all! ;) here's a tip, it can't, let alone any of the interfaces.  i don't doubt its great for your games, get back to me in 20 or so years and see how many of those you're still into... ;) (this is all tongue and cheek as i'm not that into computers of any kind really, just don't have an option with what i want it to do)
bakhan, i'd like to see your macbook run any of the games on my toshiba satellite. i say that because i know from experience it won't. it can't. heck, my laptop was custom built for faster processing and graphics and still has trouble with 2 of them. granted those are incredibly large, open-world games. good to see people here commenting so much again, but not so good when i can't be a part of it! last week was kind of dull around here, but now it's that every few minutes kind of deal and i won't be able to be on here regularly until the weekend.
i'd love to see an actual use for a tablet... ;p
i would love to see your macbook turn into a tablet. :p
yeah yeah all you pc'ers... i'd put my macbook pro up against any pc any day, just saying... ;)  i'd like to see any pc run the software my macbook does at all, let alone as effortlessly!
@pot:i don't get that. the only apple near me is in my mouth(literally holding it with my teeth as i type)
howdy pot! you didn't answer my last question to you. :-p
why don't you click it, then let us know what happened :-p
i don't. but then i'm on a computer, so... that would exclude apple. ` as dr. nick riviera said, "hi, everybody!"
@pot, thats weird!  i've never seen that on mine... i would probably pass on allowing that.  it only happens when you're on ks?
but only when i'm on here with you guys.
it pops up at the bottom of my screen every time i refresh.
@pot, did you get it in an email, or did it pop up on your computer?  i'm not a home, so i can't check there, but nothing in my email.  does it look legit?
@lz, sorry to hear that you're sick!  i hear hot sauce is good for that... ;)
sounds like me, lz. i tend to do the same, then when i'm back to full strength people tell me i need to take more vacations...as if i can and come back to stuff done properly.
is anyone else suddenly getting a message that apple wants to run an add-on to your computer?
@gm: yes, but you need doctor's notes and everything. but i rarely get that bad. i'll generally work myself into the ground, take a day, and then i'm back to work because i recover quickly.
hello everyone.
i have a "get s*&@ done" list that i really need to get accomplished. getting a vehicle is somewhere in the top 5.
that does suck. so, does it also work that if you are sick on the fourth day, the first three are considered sick days and you get those vacation days back, or they stay as vacation days?
i don't need some book, written thousands of years ago, telling me how to live like a decent human being. exactly. i can understand why humans would worship gods in the past but with science being so advanced, you would think religion would lose it's hold over people.
sick days don't kick in until after the third day
@lz: no sick days?
i hate wasting vacation days on illness
ugh! being sick sucks!
@bakhan/geist: yeah, i know i need to get out more. it makes it all the more difficult when i don't drive(that is something on my *get this s*** done this year!* list). taking a cab is too pricey(hell, i'm told when i work past 7pm to take a cab home...don't have the money to do that, then wait a month-ish for reimbursement - it's roughly $50-60, if not more, to get home from work) @trinkets: don't know how long i would last going to a church....not something i've ever believed in, or agreed with. people, can't call them friends, since they were always trying to force their religion down my throat, have always been after me, saying my life would be better...but i don't need some book, written thousands of years ago, telling me how to live like a decent human being.
then stalk the hell out of them. :-p lol
if you don't already, go to church. see if there are any ladies the age your looking for. then stalk the hell out of them. :-p
what bakhan said. go out more gm. trust me, you'll bump into a nice girl sooner rather than later if you take up a hobby that involves different people. i've met some amazing folks just going out and finding like minded people through the meetup website or just volunteering at a festival and stuff. never did find amazing people going home and being by myself.
@gm, start playing music, it worked for me... ;)  but seriously, pursue a hobby, or volunteer some place that involves meeting some people and see what happens!  i think thats the best, most organic way of meeting people (especially nice ladies).  bars/clubs are the worst place to try and meet someone, unless you're just looking to hook up, which would sort of preclude them from being "nice".  ultimately though, it will happen in its own time, a fluke of circumstance, a chance meeting, etc., you just need to be ready when it does happen, and put in the effort to make sure it does.  you are an awesome guy, and would be a great "catch", you've got a good head on your shoulders and a good heart.  if i knew anyone in your age range, and/or "nice" i wouldn't hesitate to set you up!
a) the "usual" spot isn't a bar or club. it's simply going out and doing things. i am signed up with 35 different meetups that ranges from card playing to traveling. it helps with meeting new people and making friends. b) while you can make friends online (just see our little community) you probably won't find a mate this way. c) not every nice girl does drugs or smokes. as for their "spoken for" status, ask their partners how they met. i bet you anything it wasn't sitting at home playing video games or hardly ever taking vacations. trust me. i tried the "all-work-and-no-play" thing when i was working 2 jobs 6 days a week. the only thing that gets you is older.
@geist: i have no clue how i'm to meet a nice lady. mostly for the following reasons: a) i don't go to the "usual" spots to meet people(bars/clubs) b) i tend to actually sit at home online playing mmo games with friends c) when i do meet one, they are either married, engaged, dating someone, or smoke/do drugs(personal preference comes in at this point...tried dating a girl that smoked, couldn't handle it).
maybe gm is more of a bad girl type of guy?
@gm: how in the world does that make you a fraud risk? coming in early and working late would make you a dedicated worker imo. and over worked one since you don't take time off. (how are you expecting to meet a nice lady if you are always at work?)
well, that's interesting. according to some information my manager forwarded me today(regarding fraud risk), i should be setting off 4/9 of the red flag indicators. i come in early/work late, am overly protective of my work, "seem disgruntled or resentful", and (almost) never take holidays or only take a few days at a time.
also, poison ivy and harley quinn are the two best batman villains ever.
i see the dmv area isn't listed. i thought senators like to play games.
it just says city, and country, so not really that much privacy lost. would need to hunt through everyone in the city asking them if they are certain people.
holy lost of privacy batman! i didn't notice that at all. meh, if you want to hang out in my neighborhood, be my guest.
poison ivy,  awesomeness!!
glad you mentioned it gm. i wouldn't have noticed it. on my phone,  i only see the "com" from comments tab unless i slide it over.
poison ivy although the outfit wasn't the best. i love playing dress up. one of the reasons why i like halloween so much.
anyone else notice the new tab at the top? a quick view shows locations where most backers are from o.o
who/what did you cosplay as, geist?
still can't watch lassie.
the older i get the easier i find it to express my emotions. i'm less worried about what other people think of me exactly. i will go to a comic convention dressed up as a favorite character regardless if people think i'm too old to be doing this anymore. at my age, it's all about enjoying whatever time i have left on this earth. *digs out inkheart books and start reading*
@geist, i suspect that follows for most of the kc... ;)  i way too immature to be "grown up".  hell, my favorite thing to do is play with my "toy soldiers"... ;)
eric 'trinkets&nopes' baumgarten 23 minutes ago geist, i never said i was "grown up", i'm just old ;-) you and me both.
i tear up in most movies when a sad point comes up...don't full out cry, but my eyes do start to water. i used to care what people thought of me(probably still do to a degree deep down), but that was back in high school. now, i couldn't care less what people think of me. i know what, and who, i am, and don't need others to try and tell me how to live/act.
@geist, actually the older i get the easier i find it to express my emotions.  i'm less worried about what other people think of me, or how i may appear to others.  when i was a kid, it was pretty much forbidden to show weakness of any kind, crying was not allowed.  as i age, i find that true strength comes from our emotions, and that little else matters.  i am not ashamed to admit i cry, or that i try to use reason before fists.  i haven't forgotten where i've come from, just grown since then (hopefully for the better).
@bakhan: so far...it isn't too bad. i have one of the 5 approvals i've been waiting for since about 2pm yesterday...and my boss isn't in until sometime later today. just need to get through today, then i can work on catching up on everything i need to do for next week.
good morning gm. it does suck that it ended. but it did end before they did something to ruin it. there are too many shows that eventually jump the shark or overstay their welcome. not enough chuck is better than too much chuck. rivers and roads.......
rod "bakhan" mitchell 26 minutes ago @trinkets, i remember seeing comercials for it, just not being interested at that time. i'm typically quite skeptical and stand offish from "regular" tv shows, sitcoms, etc. this show trancends all of that, at least for me. trully well written, star studded cast, i mean who didn't have a cameo during that show (scott bakula, linda hamilton, etc.) and endearing. i've never felt that invested in a tv show before, ever. there has never been,  nor will ever be, a more true statement written, uttered, spoken, thought, or forgotten in all the history of all things, than what bakhan has written below and i copied above.
geist, i never said i was "grown up", i'm just old ;-)
a show that makes grown men cry. sign me up!
@gm, good morning, hope your day is a good one today! *fingers crossed for you*!
chuck was a major rollercoaster of emotions. it was awesome. sucks that they ended it. =/
@trinkets, i remember seeing comercials for it, just not being interested at that time.  i'm typically quite skeptical and stand offish from "regular" tv shows, sitcoms, etc.  this show trancends all of that, at least for me.  trully well written, star studded cast, i mean who didn't have a cameo during that show (scott bakula, linda hamilton, etc.)  and endearing.  i've never felt that invested in a tv show before, ever.
morning kittens. @trinkets: well, if that's what you want i won't stop you.
and screw jill.
tony hale as emmett was one of my favorite supporting characters.
timothy dalton was epic as alexis volkoff.
i just can't believe it was on nbc and i had never realized it was that good.
geist, go......watch..........love!!! i usually don't care about shows that have the whole " will they/won't they" going on. this is the first and only time i cared about that. you will probably really enjoy season 2, the beefcake episodes. and bakhan,  " just that it robbed all the joy from my heart and crushed it completely for days. was that too dramatic?" not from how i felt it isnt.
@geist, its on netflix, but be warned, it will break your heart, still worth watching though... ;)  probably one of the best tv shows i've seen.  check it out, i know that after the first episode, i was hooked. yes, its that good!
i actually never really got obsessed with chuck. watched most of it with my dad and brother, but then they kept watching it without me when i left, so i haven't seen patches of episodes throughout the seasons. also, don't even know how far i was, but i'm pretty sure it was into the 5th season, but i never saw the end. one thing i will say about chuck, though, is they know their villains. timothy dalton is one of the best villains ever! i mean, they must love hot fuzz as much as i do!
all this talk about chuck  (a show i have never heard of) makes me curious to watch it
@trinkets, i'm with you buddy!  i cried so much that last season!  to the point that i thought i was being rediculous! lol!  a crap show would never have been able to suck me in like that.  i loved that show so much, i was also late to that party.  i think it may even have been you that recommended it to me.  the jeffster episodes were definitely pretty epic!  i wouldn't say i hated the ending, just that it robbed all the joy from my heart and crushed it completely for days. was that too dramatic? ;) honestly at the point the show was at, i don't know what other option they could have taken... anything else would have been too, i don't know, tv?
because i was late to the chuck party, i didn't know that there's a ton of people who hated the ending. i really liked it. i totally ball my head off, but i liked it.
good morning, bakhan. there's a point in season 5 where i cry like a little girl until the season is over. i'm not going to say what it is in case someone hasn't seen all of chuck yet. but i stay away from season 5 for that reason. i went with mid season 3. where morgan finds out everything. i also like to watch the jeffster episodes.
good morning kittens!
@trinkets, chuck? to cheer you up? that show had the saddest ending ever! i was heartbroken for days after! great show though.
sorry i wasn't in here much, but i probably won't be on here regularly until friday or something.
i'm way too sad now. time to fix that. step #1) watch this .https://youtu.be/w26bik6baxo step #2) drink this http://imgur.com/om9xnvp step #3) watch some episodes of chuck.
so sorry, bakhan.  it's always the hardest thing i have ever done , putting our little furry family members to sleep. i think it's getting smokey in here. or someone is chopping onions.
i've got to get a new password for the litter box. i have a few non blurry halloween pics that i can post.
@geist, not yet, but i will.  also those halloween pics if my lovely wife ever decideds to send them to me.
awww. i wish i had gotten to meet the little doggie. he sounds like a blast to be around. did you put pictures of him in the litter box bakhan?
@gm, i will for sure! he's loved laser pointers, flashlights, the flash on cameras ever since he was little, just crazy over them!
i'm probably going to see deadpool late thursday night. students get a $5 movie with small popcorn and pop inclusive, which is good because i don't have extra money for that stuff, so i'll take their pity popcorn. as for now: so far, so normal, just a little more tired than usual. but i haven't had any exams yet.
@bakhan: give him a hug from me. he was such a good sport at halloween. and his fascination with laser pointers was awesome.
thanks geist.  i've lost pets before, i've had cats and dogs my whole life, and its never easy having to say goodbye.  this guy though, i don't know, its just harder even.  its like he would do anything for me.  even now, as sick as he is, he's still trying to make me happy.  i need to be strong enough to return that favour.  i've been trying to spoil him rotten, he has a lot of roast beef yesterday, and gravy! depending on what they have to say tomorrow, i've got the day of his life planned out, with lots of the people that he loves, laser pointers/cameras, and cheese burgers! if he has to leave, i want him to leave happy!
@geist: it's more me dictating it because the other payroll coordinator doesn't pay attention. 90% of her day is spent on her phone, texting people. i'm on here only when i'm waiting for something to either a) finish uploading; b) managers/admin to get back to me; c) something to finish loading; other than that, i'm working constantly on getting any changes/paperwork processed to complete my day.
bakhan, i am truly sorry. watching a sick pet is hard. i should know. i had to put one of my cats to sleep and it still brings me to tears when i think about it. (i try never to think about it) i am sure he knows that you care for him very much and when it's his time to cross over the rainbow bridge, it will be much easier for him with you there.
@gm: maybe you need another job. no company should dictate what days you take a vacation.
@geist, as well as can be expected i guess.  my dog's cancer has returned, and barring some miracle, i think this is his last week with us.  i know that i'm lucky to have had the extra time that i did, but its still pretty hard watching him struggling with stairs and not eating.  i'm hoping that they can give me something for his nausea so that at least he can eat.  its tough at the end.  i have my stress test on thursday but i couldn't care less about that right now.  as i said, i'm doing the best i can right now.
found another reason for me not to have mon-wed vacations....coding and rates don't get changed for people that need it...still have a guy getting a salary, when he was put into an hourly position. his rates in the one system we pull rates for don't match the coding he was set up with(driver rates with a push coding, nothing get's pulled in). and 10 people that should have been terminated before the payroll was processed last time(the system lets us pay them still, so doesn't matter when we terminate, just easier to do before so we don't forget), are still active. i need a drink, and i've only been working for 1.5hours this week. -.-
@creeper: i will say one thing for nyc. they grow rats that are a decedent of the ones found in the princess bride.
lucky you lz. i'm going to see if i can catch it this weekend. maybe look at the reverant as well.
i get to see deadpool this evening! it's only $5 on tuesdays
zem, do you know how big a nyc rat is? it's probably as big as leo.
not whatever that was in x-men origins:wolverine. we shall not speak of that movie, it does not exist. (actually, i didn't think it was half bad. mostly because i thought liev was looking real good in that movie)
hello bakhan! haven't seen you posting for a few days. hope everything is going smoothly with you. if not, can the solution be found in fire or alcohol?
@trinkets: i thought i was the only one who goes to the saturday matinee movie. i hate going in the afternoon/evening. too many loud mouths and crying kids to ruin the movie watching experience.
gm, a couple of my friends have seen it and said about the same. really looking forward to see actual deadpool and not whatever that was in x-men origins:wolverine.
@trinkets: i was crying that's how hard i was laughing watching deadpool.
zem, ya, i still need to see deadpool. hopefully this weekend. maybe a saturday matinee.
geist, lol. i didn't know mother nature had a taint. that made my day.
good morning all! geist de la muerte gatito about 6 hours ago @creeper: maybe they were saying "thank you" for looking out for them. besides, that is one less rat in the city i agree with what geist said.
i shouldn't have taken yesterday off...thought everything would be good....but nope, definitely not good.
good morning kittens!
here starts hell. see you all there. can't wait for friday already.
morning kittens. check run day. chaos in it's true form. plus i have a boat load of emails to catch up on. i wanna punch mother nature in her taint.
@creeper: maybe they were saying "thank you" for looking out for them. besides, that is one less rat in the city
well, at least they're back and in the hunting mood. make sure to take it so they think you're friendly and accepting, even if you just throw it in the trash or give it to leo as a chew toy.
and funny you mention the kitty shelters.... *sigh* the cats have left an awful awful hunt outside my backyard door.  a rat.  a giant rat.  this is not ok.  my neighbor on the third floor took the picture and sent it to me today.
@trinkets- i also have not read or seen any harry potter.  i thought i was the only one!
all these realizations in 18 minutes. these have been the most stressful 20 minutes of the entire year, probably much longer. oh look, that lab i'm a week behind on and was trying to work on? yup, after midnight and it's barely done. seriously this time, is being declared legally dead for a week a thing? it really needs to be.
i just realized that means i have 3 exams in a 24 hour period with no time to study for any of them because i have so much to do i literally have 3 days in a row filled from the second i wake up until late, late at night planned out to the minute except for one thing which could take up even more time than i'm expecting. please, friday. please! ` if i'm lucky, i'll have time to prepare for lab wednesday. but only if things go well. oh, just realized i may have forgotten about an exam in lab! that makes 4! no time to study, not even time to slip out to see deadpool. can i be declared legally dead for a week? 4 exams, 3, maybe even all 4, in a 24-hour period. and everything else i have to do normally.
at least the other 2 exams aren't literally at the exact same time now. one had to be moved. otherwise i would have had to get to an alternate for one which was just literally as fast as i could get there from the other. the one time i wake up feeling perfect i have all this looming overhead, and all that will make it real hard to find a time to do the normal work that takes all night, etc... this is well known as maybe the most "trying" semester for people in my major. you all remember college? "the good 'ol days". sure, it only gets harder, but the good ol days ended at high school, and not much of that counted either.
oh garsh, oh golly, i have 2 exams this week, don't you know! ------ a few hours later--------- wait, wasn't there an email about... a review session in that class? *checks* well... then... thursday looks to be fun. here i thought i had 2 exams, wednesday evening and thursday morning. oops, nearly forgot a third one thursday evening. what the heck is this, finals week?! my week is already incredibly busy! 2 days in a row are planned out from the time i wake up until i go to sleep with stuff to do! i don't need your crap, chem 114! go away! *grumbles and gripes some more to self*
i have to admit, having read the first 4 books, they weren't bad at all. but i just never got that into them. if a lord of the rings theme park opened, though... in new zealand... and included everything from the silmarillion in one part of the park... you could take the hike the elves had to in order to cross middle earth and reach the western lands with the vala! dammit, my geek is showing! ... now if a hitchhiker's guide theme park opened and was accurate to the books..........
i've read all the books/seen the movies. you should at least give the first book a read trinkets
i have never read or watched any harry potter. but anything with beer can't be all bad.
eh, that wasn't so amazing really. sort of a letdown and i didn't even have big expectations. i mean, the famous potter ride is awesome, but that was the extent of my enjoyment of the place so far as i remember. then again, i've never been a huge hairy potter fan.
@trinkets: you should go there now that they have the harry potter theme park. i can't wait to experience it. will be drinking lots of butter beer
i loved it when i went a couple years ago too. it was awesome! ` trinkets, that's what we've had for several weeks now. i love it! not enough snow though.
i would kill someone for 40°. we've had single to mid-teens for highs and - teens overnight for long enough. only 20 for a low tonight. and we almost hit 30 today.
i had a blast at universal studios. i believe it was 23 years ago when i was there,  but it was awesome.  i bet you're going to love it.
i think i'm ready for a warm week. i mean, i hope it gets down at least to 40, if not a bit lower, for the rest of the time now and a month or so from now, but i think it'll be kinda nice to have a few warm days. mid-60s may be high, but hopefully it goes back down after that. nope, just checked. it's 50s till thursday through saturday, which are mid-upper-60s, and then back to 50s. i mean, it's only february! it's much too early for a long period of this warm!
@trinkets: i am looking forward to visiting universal studios in may. this snow day has cost me another vacation day so that sucks. it's supposed to be 62 degrees this weekend so at least that will be a relief
trinkets, last year i got a horrible sore throat so bad i couldn't speak, still no idea what disease caused that, then the worst fever of my life (my brother, who didn't have it as bad as me, was 104 degrees. i was at least that bad, likely worse, but of course couldn't skip classes, so i just went on with my week as normal), and then just after that was gone (after more than a full week that bad and then lingering for a whole other week), i got the same sore throat again. all right back-to-back. last january was fun!
i wish. first the flu last month,  then this junk/cold. feels like i haven't felt good in forever . how's things with you?
you seem better trinkets. cooties all gone?
geist de la muerte gatito about 7 hours ago great. metro isn't running in my area because of a little snow. i swear to you, the midwest is laughing at us. yes we are ;-)
howdy gang.  how's everybo........... quiet in here today.
@creeper: how are the kitty shelters holding up? any of the kitties using them? moar leo pictures!
silence.
i'm just glad it's warming up a little.  this weekend was brutal with the 3 degree nonsense.  and i was outside for nearly two hours.  i was close to frozen tears.
i'm jealous you have that much, geist. we're going to be at just under 50 degrees until wednesday and then thurs-sat will be in the mid 60s! though i think i could use a bit of warm weather, but it'd better be cold after that!
i rode the motorcycle to work this morning. it was great.
great. metro isn't running in my area because of a little snow. i swear to you, the midwest is laughing at us.
@geist- thank you! it took awhile, actually.  had to scan actual cards, reformat twice, etc.  pain in the ass.  was going to mail sooner, but when i requested their mailing address, was asked to "hold off a bit".  now i get why. :) :) also/ work was rough today.  am tired.  am a bit drunk.
so the crate is a valentines thing, but it's open until the 26th? really, the only reason i don't like that is it gives so much time for others to kick me down on the list. i have just over 100 below me, but still, alot can happen when you give people 10 days to be creative. i should have done the box picture: "i heard cats love boxes, so i kept the one they came in" and have a picture of the box they shipped in, the blue one, with the 2 boxes inside. just to pad my score if need arises.
geist, we're splitting any earnings, remember? winner gets lion's share, but i... i mean we get some too!
i also have to work tomorrow. it's going to suck if i don't feel better by then.
looks like more snow and ice is coming tomorrow and i have to go to work despite the fact that it is a holiday tomorrow. i need to hurry up and win the lottery already
it looks like the list is 150 long, so i've got a good buffer before i need to start actually being creative to put myself higher on the list.
good grief creeper. those card cookies you made are beautiful. everything you bake gets you a winning prize when these contest are live.
i'm @zem_the_mattres if you want to ctrl+f that. i couldn't fit the whole name on there and the better spellings were all taken.
yay! i'm 48th on the list!
i'm happy for the rain, but i wish there was more. it hasn't cleared all the gunk out of the air yet.
yes. at this point, it looks like creeper and i will be in. i don't know zem's handle to see where he is on the list.
i would think that elan and the team would make at least one of the kc members part of the crate team after helping so much in here
if you guys could maybe help sway the responses away from the tacocat and back to the cookies.... like "an edible deck of ek cards?"...
creeper, did you actually mail them those cookies? you're at the top of the list!!
good morning!! :). and yay!!!
i love creeper's entry!
happy valentine's day kitten corps.
geist, if you haven't found it yet, http://explodingkittens.com/thecrate .
the crate? what am i missing?
i love how the majority of the submissions are literally just "please let me in the crate. #thecrate." it's hilarious! i mean, at least a bunch of them have a cat in their tweet, but they didn't even try. and here i was worried that with 1 poetic one and 2 about loyalty to the kc and ek, i might not make it. though i know tons of people have really great ones.
well, @gameofkittens liked my 3 tweets! let's hope this means good things for me as well. we all have earned a spot in there, but you definitely have, lz. and you at least as much, creeper. did you make a submission yet? i'll have to be on the lookout for that.
i don't know for sure if the list is in order, but i wasn't on the first list at all. i hadn't done my tweets until after the first list was made.
made no sense.  is the *list* in order, but yes. am seeing that top one hundred have peaked their interest
is the most in order? wasn't sure if was just adding as they go.  i have a special treat in mind. :)
i put out 3, wondering if i should make a fourth. i saw a few of yours.
my poem was 5 or 6 tweets long
alright, i professed my love and devotion. i hate the tiny word limit on twitter.
ah, i was gone and didn't know they'd uploaded a list. i want to make something, but i'm lazy. don't have any way to upload a picture. we should all help eachother find ways into the crate. any ideas for everyone?
for the crate, dude
list of contenders?
i'm 13th on the list of contenders!
i love all the old faces popping back in recently! it's so nice to see all the people we miss so much. hi, ha!
hello house arrest. haven't seen you here in a long time.
oh, that's the crate! i thought lz was referencing stephen king!
geist, instead, be like me. pretty sure i haven't had a haircut in almost a year now.
just checking in to see what this crate business is about
note to self: don't visit a hairdresser who is pissed that you don't visit her every month like you use to.
@creeper: you make a good point. considering i take public transportation, it would be better if i could fit that bag over my shoulder. i was thinking of making my own version of the bag with longer straps. finding insulation material can't be that hard to find, right?
i have nothing to say, but i figured i should check in here. i would have commented 2 hours ago if i had something to say.  now to go home. ah, nice and 20 degrees. something which it appears we may not have for another week or more. forseeable forecast is 29 f as the coldest low on the coldest day, but up to 66 in the highs. looks to be about 50s all next week. it's too early for that! try again next month!
i feel like we (the corps) should all automatically be in the crate...
i love google. i tried forever to remember a quote and then when i got back, i just instantly found it. "don't get in a pissing contest with a skunk." i just couldn't remember what not to do in a pissing contest. figured it could be critical information. good night! i feel like i should have gone to bed 2 hours ago, but who really cares. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
heya geist- i was looking at those shopping cart bags.  good idea- but i have an issue with the handles. as someone that has to haul her loot by foot- those straps are only for your hands.  no over the shoulder business. it seems minimal....and maybe if you have a car it's not a big deal.  but keep that in mind.  i have a tote bag here that's almost identical to those and it has that freezer insulation.  but i never use it because i can't put it on my shoulder. today i looked like a pack mule.  two shoulder bags on each arm, cross body purse, and dragged a wheelie bag.  yay target and costco!
hi again everyone. now to watch a movie. bye again everyone.
hello pot. the house is looking real nice. when will it be finished?
hi creeper!
i'm back.  was cooking dinner.  now digesting my food baby.
hiya geist!
*waves at pot* sorry i missed you too. lots to do this weekend and not enough time to get it all done before monday.
yeah, i have that effect on girls.
hola, creeper!
ah naps and the weekend. so pleasant! responsibilities just disappear.
hiya kittens!
i scrolled back and found it.  i'm sorry i missed him.
it was a joint venture between geist and cb
i see the litter box is back up.  who did that?
congrats gm! that gives you more time to booze it up tonight.
wooo! everyone is being sent home early. i get to go home...like now.
zem, they should still be fine. they're gloopy because i don't filter them at all, and i only have a blender. if i had a strainer, they'd probably be less gloopy. part of the money i need to raise is to cover the lab analysis.
the fish sauce was really separated and took quite a bit of shaking, though that makes sense since i haven't even used it in forever (put all 3 on a sandwich today), the inferno, which i use semi-regularly, though still not a whole lot, was separated and still globby after shaking, and the mad cow was just incredibly thick, especially the stuff in the top after shaking. somehow, the stuff on the top seems like a thick layer of solid mass every time for that and the inferno.
one of mine(can't remember which one it was) was separated when i got it. i really should be using them more...tonight i shall dine in saucy heaven!
also, i thought of it because they seem to be getting a bit gloopy or separating a little bit. just wondering if i should call a doctor or a mortician. or both.
hey, lz, is there any real expiration date for the sauces? i mean, 1) you're going to need one to sell them for real, and b) just wondering, because i've had these bottles in my fridge for months now and i don't know if they're going to be good forever or what. i mean, the citric acid obviously helps some, but who knows how long they'll really be good. or if they even are. i don't know, they're mixed in with other foods. you should take some to the lab and make sure.
and today's winner of the sklortz international award for kickstarter excellence: helmet pickles!!! congratulations, buddy, you "win".
@gm: lol! he/she is a smart one.
couldn't agree with you more lz. people can make a better version at home.
comment of the day right here:  helmet pickles 15 minutes ago any idea if canada is counted in the "non us" category?
...it's just thousand island dressing. what is wrong with people?! oh, and it's gross.
dear u.k., you should know better than to buy this kind of junk. i thought you had more refined taste than that. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/offbeat/mcdonalds-big-mac-sauce-is-literally-more-expensive-than-gold/ar-bbpqo7y…
i even mentioned the one where i am still waiting 4 years later...and was told i win. my response: "well, not really. i still don't have my comics. :p"
@gm: i don't see why some of the people who are backing that project are bitching. a three month delay is nothing. a year plus delay with very little communication is much much worse. maybe kickstarter should make people take a test to see if they realize that this isn't a catalog store. if you pass the test, you can't complain if a creator goes pass their due date. if you fail, you can't be on kickstarter.
@geist: do what i do, one password, with 10 variations of it. possibly more, i use letters, numbers replacing letter, symbols replacing letters, and numbers, to form a single password that is easily able to meet all requirements for passwords.
no problem mike. glad you got the payment. i hardly ever use paypal and i wasn't sure if i could log back in. (i hate having to have 500 different passwords for my various accounts)
hi, @geist.  thank you for the financial assistance.
the world's best travel jacket though, it should be the world's worst communication project, as they don't even answer anything, just copy and paste responses.
hi everyone.  what campaign is everyone talking about that passed ek?
morning kittens. hopefully today goes so well that i can have monday off(really don't want to be one of the two people who would be in...hopefully we can take it off completely).
morning kittens! it's friday and cold. i think i will spend the whole weekend finish getting my apartment straight.
@harvard- i'll have to check that out! and agreed- a huge part of this process is pr and customer relations.  creators sometimes forget that. @zem- there are a few of us over there that are quite dedicated.  and they know about the corps. :)
creeper, that's a good point. they don't have a very loyal kitten corps to stand in and answer comments and redirect angry hate in these comments. also, as ek proved, communication is freaking everything! communicate thoroughly and regularly and streamline the whole process and people will be somewhat agreeable.
dang it, even this livestreamer's cat is up in my face. i wish i could get a cat.
@melissa hi. wanna talk about angry kc comments? look up the grifta. i backed it as it looks amazing but over a year's of delays has made everyone, myself included, a wee bit, well, nasty. kc is great and there will always be problems popping up but it comes down to the creator on how to deal with both the problem and the people who bought a promise. also, one year woot!!!!
@geist - yeah, i understand that.  but now its to the point where people are really angry about it.  i think it's a - because it's a bit pricier of a campaign.  i got an early bird, but it's still expensive.   factor in that with the mob mentality and it's been blown out of proportion.  people have emailed and messaged on facebook saying "if you just talk to us, you'll cut down the anger by 50%" i've been quite active on there along with a few others and try to remind them that delays are normal on kickstarter.  but wow.  nothing will quiet them.
i remember when people were like that here. like... for the 6 months after the campaign ended. woo! it's been a full year! ` also, nothing's happened today. but cb and chamachamachamachamachamachameleon were on yesterday. ` man, fun day. and that one last lab was way more than i bargained for. but it's finally over! the weekend is nigh!
@creeper: i don't blame the creators for avoiding the comments section a little bit. the constant questions and harassment would get on anyone's nerves
whoo hoo!  stalker! :)
but time for me to go, before i'm late for the appointment. @_@
you didn't mention, i snooped.
@geist - if you're still around - the other campaign gm and i are on is still only 2 1/2 months delayed- also it knocked ek out of it's funded spot.  really popular, and so it has a lot of kickstarter newcomers that dont understand the process.  it's ridiculous.  yes- they should communicate more-it would help out a lot.  but my god people are flipping out.
bagel donut campaign?  wait...  i know i love donuts and speak of them frequently.  just trying to remember specific mention.
i'm about to sign off actually...i have a meeting at the bank, and then heading home. but hi creeper. you're a bad influence(bagel/donut campaign).
damn stupid work! i missed quite the reunion today!  hi guys if you're still around!
@bryan: you might want to send the ek team a direct email. don't know if they are still looking at the fulfillment survey stuff.
i finally came across the non-kickstarter non-backerkit fulfillment survey. and it happily took my info, even though it's half a year later. i hope this means it will really ship. what a bummer. email sucks.
just one more thing. just this easy, quick lab continuing from tuesday. just need to wrap some things up. then i only have one class at 11:30 tomorrow. after this, the hardest part of my weekend will be deciding if i want to wake up early tomorrow and get some of the best donuts ever (as thought of by most people who've tried them) or sleep in till 11 am. still not sure on that one. i can get back from donuts, sleep till 11, and then go to class as well, but i'm still waking up before i could, and i just took an exam on 5 hours of sleep, so i know i could really use some... decisions decisions... ah! maybe a long nap today, stay up late tonight, get donuts in the morning, sleep till 11, then finish off the week! solved!
@gm: one step forward, two steps back, eh?
yay, two items off my list now....and three added to it in the meantime. -.-
zem, i get that. i was looking for a way to agree with you and argue with you at the same time. just to be an annoying schmuck. i think it worked ;-)
pretty much. i think i *might* have everything properly organized by end of next week. but i don't think i will....what with how everything was just thrown together.
by "fun" you mean "headache inducing", right?
morning kittens. another "fun" filled day ahead.
if there are any kc members that reside in florida, looks like i will be in your state memorial weekend. a friend of mine found travel package deal to universal studios for under $500 so i'm going. looking forward to it, in fact. haven't been on a proper vacation in years.
good morning all!
morning, geist!
lz, that's why you shuffle 7 times. also, the universe is 1x10^18th seconds old. that means if you shuffled a new order once every second since the universe began, you'd still only be 1/(8x10^51) way through all the orders. sure, given all the first shuffles from a new deck, they may have been achieved, but if you shuffle well enough to use the deck in a casino, say, then it should never be in the same order ever.  that was the point of the original fun fact that is so apparently controversial for some non-apparent reason i can't find at all. why is this so hard to accept?  there are approximately 10^80 atoms in the observable universe. there. each of them shuffles once and you've found each order. it's just a fun probability thing. did you see the video?
morning kittens.
here i come to throw a monkey wrench into this discussion. you see, it comes down to quantities. we're told that no two snowflakes are exactly alike because of the staggeringly large number of possible shapes, formations, etc. well, when we think of the billions of snowflakes that fall each year, or indeed the quadrillions of snowflakes that have ever fallen, it actually becomes statistically unlikely that no two have every been the same. of course, i've seen macroscopically identical snowflakes, so there's that, too. what does this have to do with cards? well, the conjecture that any shuffling arrangement creates a completely unique order of cards that the universe has never seen before and will never see again seems entirely dependant on the notion that one person is shuffling one deck. but, when calculating the odds that the universe hasn't seen the order before and never will again, we have to take into consideration how many decks of cards there are in the world (a lot) and how many decks of cards have ever existed (a lot more). with that in mind, you would have to have at some point an order that matches another order that has been seen or will be seen. you may be completely unaware of this duplication because of your own limitations (lacking the three crucial abilities required to adequately conduct this study or review: omniscience, omnipresence, and immortality), but it should exist. the duplication likelihood increases with each riffle in a set, as well. let's say for sake of argument that at any given moment, there are 10 million decks of cards in use worldwide (which isn't unlikely, considering a population in excess of 7 billion). also, for sake of argument that the average number of riffles in a set is 7. that's 70 million combinations being formed for each game that is played. the odds of having a duplicate order also increase when looking at people shuffling new decks, as they tend to start with a fixed order. granted, tiny variations in the firmness of the cards, the pressure applied by the shuffler, and how the cards are held will affect the outcome, which is why this point is merely an afterthought to my treatise on the subject.
actually, i just realized even cutting creates a new order that counts for the total. i mean, it may not be a playable shuffle, but if you had achieved that same order by riffling another deck, it would be. that's just to say you could throw the cards in the air, have them all land in a neat pile, and then list them off top to bottom and they'll never do it in that same order again. this has nothing to do with the method of shuffling, only the specific order each card is in with relation to every single other one. if you took one card out of 52 decks and never drew a duplicate, they would have been drawn in an order that had never been seen before. that's the point. and then the number is so staggeringly large even with a logarithmic number scale, it's just way too big to think about.
it doesn't matter if it retains elements. alternating them so that each card is separated from the one it was next to before is much less random than packets of varying sizes alternating throughout. either way, you create a new order, and one that there is a nearly 100% chance has never been dealt before.
riffle-shuffling is more complex rhan a simple cut, but the deck still retains elements of order that were present prior to the riffle.  i think that you are missing the essence of what i'm trying to say. perhaps we should agree to disagree rather than risk angering each other with a protracted argument.  i agree that 52! is a huge number.
cutting isn't shuffling. it's not even close. by shuffling, i mean true rearrangement to a significant degree. as in throw the deck in the air and then put the cards in a pile based on how they landed. or by riffle-shuffling. true shuffling. even one riffle is enough, but that's why you do 7 or so; it becomes as random as possible. but by even shuffling 2 cards, they're in an order no 52 cards have been in ever. is that so hard to understand? i put the total possible number of combinations below. try counting that. or watch the video to see how truly incomprehensible the magnitude is. i think you understand, you're just making it much harder than it has to be.
i'm not saying that the order of the cards will be predictable.  i'm just saying that shuffling isn't true randomization.  consider the simplest form of shuffle: the cut.  the order of the deck will change, but within each portion of the cut the cards will still be in the same order that they were before.  that's why most people shuffle repeatedly before they're satisfied with the randomness of the cards.
that's not when you shuffle. you can specifically put cards in a certain order, but if you shuffle randomly, even if just 2 cards are switched around, it's a completely new order. that's what makes it such a large number: you have 52 cards, and there's no likelihood whatsoever that, assuming willy-nilly assembly, all 52 will be in the exact same order. especially considering there are 80658175170943878571660636856403766975289505440883277824000000000000 possible combinations. it's like entropy: randomness tends towards chaos, but if you put energy in, you can regain some order. when cards are packaged, it's not random; it's not shuffled. but if you put the energy into re-ordering the cards, sure, you can get them in exactly the same order as you had them some other time. but that's not shuffling.
it's a big number, but i think the cards end up in the same order much more often than that.  consider the fact that, when manufactured and packaged, a deck of cards starts out in a specific sequence.  there are variations, but most of these initial orderings put the cards in increasing or decreasing order within each suit and groups each suit together.  the randomization of the cards after that is limited by the types of manipulations that are performed to change the order of the cards.  that makes some orderings much more likely than others, so true randomization is never actually achieved.
i mean, the first time you watch that, sure, it's staggering. then you start thinking about it more and more... just thinking about the number of seconds in 1 billion years! and that's only to do the very first task! i'll never look at cards the same way again.
that nap may not have done much for me, but i sure as hell needed one. still do, but otherwise i'll sleep 5 hours straight and forget about sleeping tonight. now watch me not do anything until about 7:30 when i eat anyways. i have alot to do... ` also, anyone want their brain thoroughly blown out of their skull with math? i've just been thinking about this again. if you don't watch vsauce, his latest video touched on just how large 52! (factorial), the number of combinations a deck of cards can be put in, is. the chances are extremely favorable that every time you shuffle, they've never been in that order in the history of cards. my favorite is when he describes how large the number itself is. though you really have to think about it. most people have never even tried to comprehend just how large 1 million is, much less 1 billion. the only reason we can even use the numbers is our logarithmic counting scale. but 1 billion years? counted in seconds? and then you do all this?!?! it's freaking crazy! https://youtu.be/obiqjzfyacm…
i think it's something with the way our it set things up, or the way ks thinks i don't spell properly 99.9999999999999999~% of the time.
the ks comments don't change the words for me like that. they do in word, but not here.
also, i blame creeper. >.>
@zem: some items automatically change for me if i type them wrong(on work computer), but it's only things like putting the e before the i in review. or, when you put a single lower case i(as seen in my example with review).
cheetah butt and chameleon!!! too bad i caught a cold today and have been a mushy blob with a head full of blargh. off to bed. hope everyone is having a good day!
i'm on my computer, so i only have the checker, which is a little annoying. if i had an autocorrect, i'd hate my life.
i turn off spell checkers whenever i find them, but more keep popping up and enabling themselves by default.
i'm right 99% of the time, so i don't even need one.
i never let spellcheck do it's own thing(99% of the time)
great, now the spell-checker insists on splitting kittencorps up into its constituent words without asking me.
@zem, the backup is not for me. it's for the rest of you in case something were to happen and i could not continue maintaining kitten corps.com
cb, i've said before on here, if you go to the internet archives and search for kittencorps.com, they have like 12 snapshots of the site. i bet if you tried you could also pull them off of there and not need backups, though the more backups available, the better. in fact, if needed, i can take one. ` sergeant fuzzyboots? one of us! one of us! one of us! but, is he here or something? or one of the ghosts lurking on the page?
the site's back up! huzzah! and i don't need to sacrifice kids (don't remember if they were goat or human kids) to get my password and sign back in! it remembered me! they know me here. ` and i mentioned the c&h campaign yesterday already. and of course it's taking off. they really didn't need to do a ks. the only reason ek did one is because they weren't sure if it would sell at all, but the oatmeal's popularity spurred it on. the c&h team are abusing ks; they could literally sell shit in a box and it would sell like fire to cavemen.
cheetah butt! chameleon! pacg! i picked a bad day to have classes all through!
it's a really good thing my roommate has a class at the same time as me, otherwise, i probably would have slept through all of my classes today! i very nearly did!
please welcome sergeant fuzzyboots to the kitten corps.  he requested octocats for his minions, but unfortunately, there is already an octokitten guarding the sacred fruitcake used to make the eklol awards.
oh. i could possibly do that with a little instruction. it may not be a bad idea, since i'll need to get a website for my hot sauce in the not too distant future.
another idea would be to keep the website source code in a git repository.  does anyone use git?
ok, basically i would make a backup of the site and send you the zip file.  we'd have to use something like dropbox because the file is to large to send as an email attachment.  whoever i send the backups to should be capable of unzipping the file and setting up a new server with the website contents.
it's a cheetah butt! i wouldn't mind keeping backups, but i don't know how to do that.
while we're on the subject, does someone want to keep backup copies of the site in case i get hit by a bus?
paypal would work better for me.  i'll let you know ahead of time when hosting needs to be renewed.
frankly, when i originally set up the site, i only purchased a year of hosting, expecting interest to dwindle to the point where no one would care after that year.  i'm happy to see it's still being used.
then i say go with the easy option. having said that, there are two ways we could do this. 1. i send you a money order (your address is listed when i look in the domain details on the godaddy site. don't worry, i don't stalk people) 2. paypal how you want your money is completely up to you. let me know which you would prefer.
let me look into this.  i see three options: 1. find a way to have a third party pay for hosting renewal 2. have me renew the hosting and get reimbursed 3. create a new web host on your google account and move the existing site file by file. option 2 is definitely the easiest, though not completely automatic.  option 1 would be fine if we can figure out a way to do it.  option 3 requires the most work.  i would need admin access to your hosting server to set it up and copy the files.  i would also need to find a way to move all of the email accounts.
i'm happy to pay for the hosting bills as the amount is reasonable. the $15.17 is only a yearly thing.
so how do we fix this so that the hosting will be paid automatically?
@geist, actually, the hosting account is still attached to my godaddy id, so i'm still the one being charged.  you only own the actual domain name.
now that the site is in my name, i will just set the controls so that it charges my card automatically.
give me your paypal information and i'll reimburse you for the cost.
thank you, @geist.  hosting cost me $26.97for three months and domain renewal cost me $15.17
@mike: i am happy to pay for the site. how much did it cost you to renew?
please keep in mind that if the site is moved, all of the email accounts will also need to be moved or they will no longer work.
ok, well @geist now has ownership of the kuttencorps.com domain.  i am fine with that, but before transferring the actual site, we would need to find someone with website development experience.  i'm fine with keeping it where it is and maintaining it myself, but i am not able to continue paying the bill for website hosting.  i scraped together my last few pennies to renew the hosting account for the next three months, but after that, i'll need either a job or some help paying the hosting fees.  comments?
hi geist
good to see the kc site up and running. howdy cb and prime.
hi gm!  :)  doing well
@mike k, yeah, you have to have other people that have the app to be able to play it.  that's unfortunate.  :(
omg! it's a chameleon and a cheetah butt! how are you guys?! @cb: i just tried the kc page, and it seems to be working for me. clicked a few of the links and they opened. as for the app...only you apple users have it so far. i've heard it works on blue tooth only, no internet works yet. so it's almost better to just have the physical game with you, since you will 99% of the time be in the same room to use the bt range.
has anyone else tried testing the exploding kittens app?  i can't seem to figure out how to get a game started.  it appears that i need to connect with another user who has the same app.
it wasn't even the persons first project. he had done four previously, and only the first one he did was unsuccessful. so, i had hoped it would be a good one(i enjoyed his webcomic which was being made into a book...but stopped reading after not getting anything for a year from the campaign).
well hello, kitties.  did folks see the project that looks to be stealing exploding kittens' thunder?  it's a card game from cyanide and happiness, and is similar to cards against humanity. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/cyanideandhappiness/joking-hazard/description
hello everyone.  someone told me they were having problems with www.kittencorps.com but it's working fine for me.  can a few of you try accessing the site and confirm that it's working?
wow. 4 years ago? ks needs to do a better job on policing some of these campaigns to avoid rip offs like that.
i backed one(very early on, 6th campaign in fact) that still hasn't delivered. the last update said the rewards were in. the campaign ended nov 23, 2012
update: looks like mike wants to keep the site. don't know if he just wants to hold onto the domain name or will get the site back up and running. ah well, it was nice while it lasted.
@gm: if the deadline is under 6 months overdue then i think the backers should give them a little credit and patience. i backed one that is now 3 months overdue. i won't start to question until it's a year past due.
morning kittens. @geist: that campaign is pretty bad. people already talking about legal action(not that there is much that can be done really).
also, morning kittens.
an update on the kittencorps web page: the web transfer is complete although there seems to be a bit of an issue at the moment. i'll try to have a look at it this weekend and see if i can get this resolved. seems mike backed up the files so i can restore the site to what it once was. please be patient as i try to figure this out. i've never done anything like this so it might take a little while. i've signed up for automatic yearly payments so we won't lose this again. (hopefully)
hello creeper! i think i know which campaign you are talking about. i would have backed it but didn't have the cash on me.
@ devon strzelewicz - lame arse. spam is good food? http://tinyurl.com/dashcamdummmy
so sleepy. just stopping in to say hi.  gm and i are in another campaign- man - a lot of angry people!  the creators don't communicate much and it's a little delayed. only three months so far- but it knocked ek out of its spot- so super popular.  all the newcomers are psychotic in their demands!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
fine then, be that way. so far, it's been another slow week in here.
i swear my roommate is actually a bear. he's incredibly huge and hibernates. he only gets up for classes and sometimes food. i'm certain he sleeps about 18 hours a day, except that he pulls it off all year round, not just winter. the only thing more surprising is that he doesn't have to go to the bathroom ever.
looks like they're basically using an upgraded version of kc's achievement-unlocked type stretch goal system too. kc really set the standards! it was so large and well run people have just constantly been picking ideas from how it was ran!
well i don't think there's a selective return money process. if you returned the other donators', you'd have to return geist's as well. though (even though i don't use the sauces too much right now because there's not much of a chance) giving it straight back to you for sauce sounds like a genius idea. ` also, did you know cyanide and happiness made a card game? it's really like the contender, if you read up on my posts about that, but also really funny. i don't know if you all read c&h or know about them or like them, so i won't post a link or anything, but it's a kickstarter. and it looks really funny!
will do
ah well. next time you are selling some sauce, let me know.
oh, that would have worked, too. i mean, i would have had to get more bottle and make it. but, it's too late now. once the process has started, it cannot be undone.
darn. i was going to suggest some fish sauce in exchange for the funds. i'm almost out & it's delicious in salad dressing
geist, gofundme will refund your money. they said you should have it in 2-5 days.
but lz, the way you said "you gave me $20 for the sphynx fund, but it turned out to be a scam, so i owe you $20. fortunately, i caught it before i paid anything." made me think you were the scammer and had found yourself out and were forcing yourself to give the money back! it was so funny and confusing for awhile. though that might just be all the ether. man, we used alot of that stuff! i felt like you could set my breath on fire sometimes.
wow. i mean, if you're going to scam someone, make sure not to make it that easy to find you out. i mean seriously, there are dozens of ways of finding good non-searchable pictures. ` also, i haven't had giordano's in something over 10 years now, so i forgot they don't cut the pizza for you. i'll take your word for it, though then you get the whole pizza in one slice!
ah, nothing like forgetting you're holding a separatory funnel full of methyl benzoate and ether directly below your nose. the ether provides the kick, the methyl benzoate gives it a beautiful bouquet of holy-shit-what's-this-smell-and-why-is-it-right-under-my-nose-?!?!. then since you're crouching, that lovely feeling when you stand up and already feel slightly low on oxygen, but that mixed with ether. that was... educational. and fun! then almost tasting it later, which was a little like chalky strawberries, like a strawberry flavored chewable vitamin. with ether.
as i've corresponded with these people, things started to seem a bit fishy; so on a hunch, i did a reverse image search on the pics they emailed me. that search rook me right to that page. when i get home from work, i'll see if i can get gofundme to refund the money. if not, i'll get it to you via paypal.
i am so sorry to hear that lz. i know you wanted one of those kitties to call your own. if i may ask, how did you find out it was fake? you could try to send me the money through paypal. or through the mail. up to you.
http://www.alexandriasphynx.com/cattery/fall2012 scroll to the bottom. does that pic look familiar? you gave me $20 for the sphynx fund, but it turned out to be a scam, so i owe you $20. fortunately, i caught it before i paid anything.
@lz: huh? what happened? what money?
ooh! i'm pissed. i hate scammers. geist, how do you want your money back?
i wanna go home now
https://youtu.be/7lnvmjov7ma the man himself.
what?  that's rediculous. if i wanted to do the work, i would have eaten at home.
giordano's also loses points for not cutting the pizza.
the commercials sound just like the godfather's pizza commercials. ` also, the only reason giordano's pizza in chicago isn't the best is because of beaujo's in colorado, especially in idaho springs since i didn't even know there were others until just now. but the only reason beaujo's beats giordano's is because their crust is pretty much pastry dough. once you eat the amazing pizza, they have honey you can put on the crusts and it's beautiful!
rocky rococo's pizza.  mainly a wisconsin pizza chain. some in minnesota, illinois, one in spokane, wash.  imho, the best pizza known to man.  the commercials always featured a guy dressed as  in a white suit and hat, sunglasses, and mustache. he talked with an over the top italian accent. he has been doing it since i was little. he passed away yesterday. their commercials will never be the same.
today can burn in a hole in the ground. vacations are likely to be a three day weekend here and there for me from now on. -.-
no, bakhan,  today can still suck it!! (only speaking for me of course. ) good morning all!
good morning kittens! hope everyone is having a better day!
last off, first on. i'm like the keeper of the comments.
hi! sorry i've been caught up and forgot to check in. i just realized, it's nice that you're back on here regularly, creeper! i remember back in the hassle of getting and getting accustomed to the new job when we were lucky to see you once a week at 2 or 3 am!
hiya kittens!
i took a nap today. it did literally nothing for me. at least it didn't make me feel even worse off.
the piles are...somewhat....sorted. now...just finish getting everything loaded then i might be able to take a nap.
syrup heist!!! we could make it a kc activity and get some teamwork and bonding in there too.
@geist, sorry you're not feeling well!  you know what would cheer you up?  a trip to calgary! just saying... ;)
sorry i haven't been on very much today. kinda depressed and not in a talkative mood.
wow. metro just announced that due to the snow that will be coming tomorrow, no buses will be running in my area. i swear, we are the wimpy-est bunch of folks when it comes to a little bit of frozen water.
@zem, oh i see how it is... ;) its all good!  whenever i get back to work from vacation, i feel like a returning hero.  oh rod's back! etc., it feels good to be acknowledged!
bakhan, the superbowel is 'murican, so your vote doesn't count! ;) ` i sometimes like watching sportsball, and i do like denver quite a bit. i kind of like how peyton manning's career ended like a disney fairy tale movie. but none of the ads were even that funny. some were good, but not exceptional, so don't go watching them online. especially not that damn puppy-monkey-baby thing that disgusts me to even think about. how do they expect to sell anything with that? it made me feel sick, not like i wanted a mountain dew thing! ` bakhan, is coming back to work after an awesome vegas getaway glorious ever? i mean unless you came back to a full day of games and free pizza and beer, it will always be agonizing.
@gm, thats too bad!  vacations are the best!  sorry your return to work was less than glorious... ;)
@lz, thats awesome!  i added some inferno to some roasted garlic tomato soup that i made, and it was fantastic!  i'm almost though my first bottle of each now!  thankfully i bought two of each... ;)
i have decided, i'm not taking a full week off ever again. i will take a long weekend, but not a full week(will always work mon-wed as those are the days the payroll is processed).
looks like you need another trip to vegas gm
i'm jumping into the deep end, with cast iron shoes and bracelets this morning. nothing organized, stuff triple(if not more) times printed....and so much stuff going wrong in the last 1.25 hours.
don't mondays suck in general anyway?
fully agree with you gm. today can officially suck it!!! good morning all.
and let the headache commence.... morning kittens. -.-
great idea lz. sounds way more fun. besides, you can see the superbowl ads online.
my team wasn't playing and i was hella busy the whole weekend. between late night card games, getting smoke bombed in the metro, craft fairs and more cards games, i went into sunday night with a long list of things that i didn't completely get done. at least i am ready for the new snow coming tonight and tomorrow. (i'm out of booze but it's a week night and i have to go to work both those days)
there's no football at my family's super bowl party. we eat food and play games
@geist, +1, couldn't have cared less, infact, didn't hear anything about it until this morning... lol!  not my thing, like many sports, i liked playing football, but watching it, meh... ;)
superbowl. meh.
you know, what happened to the good superbowl commercials? stuff like tim's doritos? there are only a couple that were funny this year and none of them were close to that funny.
good morning kittens!
lynch? really spell check? really?
morning kittens. my sleep cycle is off so i've been up since 1 am cooking and cleaning the kitchen. making lynch & dinner for the rest of the week since we are getting more snow fall tuesday and wednesday.
not that kind of drinks! i'm not even 20 yet. your alcoholic phones are having a bad influence on you.
i just got 2 drinks for super commercial. nothing special, though i had quite a bit beforehand.
@creeper: ambrosious would have been an excellent name! i told the mrs today that other names i could use for sphynxes are dobby, winky, and kreacher. those don't have anything to do with labyrinth, though.
@gcod: i remembered you talking about fairy doors before. that's where i got the idea. one of my fathers-in-law gave me some woodworking tools for christmas, including a coping saw, so now i actually have the tools to do what i have in mind.
i made deviled eggs for the game day party. i used brimstone in the mix. they're delish.
why is it that sometimes when i tell my computer to hibernate, it stays wide awake?! now a few hours later it used nearly all of the battery and is incredibly freaking hot. just go into deep sleep when i tell you to and you won't do damage to yourself!!!
good idea trinkets. when i get home, i'll see if it's still there
take it to a shelter.
went to wash some clothes this morning and saw someone left a bag of cat food there. weird.
trinkets, brick hardcheese. slab squatthrust. gristle mcthornbody. punch rockgroin. buff drinklots. roll fizzlebeef. smash lampjaw. punch sideiron. splint chesthair. big mclargehuge. bob johnson. no, wait...
oh well, off to my boring sunday ...
i'm going to break a rule ... but has anyone been following this game: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/338597945/fleet-commander-genesis ends in about three days, i have the starter game released a few years back, plays fast, fun, and simple ...
hey, all, popping in for a few moments. @lord zombitten; i've been making fairy doors for about five years, just for friends, who have to prove they are worth my time, as it were, not just random folks.  so far, there are about eight out there. one woman, who drinks a lot, installed hers upside down by accident, we joke that her fairies tumble out confused, just like her.
space  mutiny , total classic.
finally introduced my roommate to mst3k. it's the perfect combination of cheesy, boring saturday afternoon movie and the funniest things you've ever heard! i love this show! the first two he had to see were overdrawn at the memory banks and space mutiny, 2 of the absolute all-time best.
or orcrist. get it? the sword from the hobbit? "biter"? ok, i may in fact be an absolute geek.
@lz- though i love leo's name, i sometimes wish i named him ambrosious.  especially becasue i already tell his name a lot.  would be fun to yell "ambrosious come here right this minute!" al the time. :)
exactly
so you don't have to reach under a pillow being actively used? clever.
zem, no. it's a small door you can put a little alcove behind. it's a great place to put a tooth, instead of under a pillow.
i've fallen off the caffeine bandwagon! i'm only more than halfway through my large pot and i'm shaking more than i have in a long time. whenever my hand shakes or lip twitches or eye blinks involuntarily, i remind myself of my grandma with parkinson's. i can hardly even eat!
my prescription: a ton of coffee and staying up late. how will i cope?! ` wait, lz, to tie a tooth to the doorknob kind of thing? the tooth fairy is a sadistic being that forcefully yanks a piece of your skull off?
because the tooth fairy is a silly, obnoxious tradition, i started making a fairy door today
i think i've overdosed on sleep now. after so long of rarely enough, now 2 days in a row with more than plenty. i have a massive headache from it too.
that's horrible geist.
sorry. i should slow down when playing with this thing. what i meant to say was a group of evil teenagers/young adults were rough housing on the metro and set off a smoke bomb in the car i was riding in. i alerted the train operator and when my companions and i exited the train, we found that another group had taken the fire extinguisher on the next car and tried to break the glass before spraying the back seats. needless to say, the train went out of service. i enhaled some of the smoke bomb and was still coughing a few hours after i got home
zem, it sounds to me like she was next to someone on the metro who had taken a bath in perfume, causing her to choke on the fumes.
ok, geist, none of that made sense. take as many steps back as your drunk phone can and then repeat everything you said with more context and pretext.
got chemical bombed on the last night. need to seriously think about getting a car
just because it's the weekend doesn't mean we can't be friends.
wow.
weekends. siiiileent niiiight...
it's the nap i kinda wanted, but not the one i needed just now. *cue batman music* yeah, kinda happened, even after sleeping about 10 hours and catching up on sleep a little after weeks of not being able to, but who cares. now i can stay up later (whether i want to or not)!
i'm ready for a weekend! i love labyrinth! i told my wife that if i got a male sphynx, i would name him hoggle.
re: getting put under at doc's- i had a tooth pulled, asked to be put fully under.  i dreamt i was being led down a dark tunnel with a bright light at the end (seriously....) but was being led by a ludo (labyrinth)- type gentle giant beast.  it was very strange
assuming geist is right, that is... otherwise, no, i don't need drugs. hehe, low-yield ice. columbian rain. eskimo ice cream.
hey, trinkets, can i borrow some "muscle relaxer"? i have like 3 places on my back that always really hurt and my foot cramped awhile ago, so i could sure use some "pain relievers" right now.
i have been in a droopy, relaxed, sleep filled day so far doesn't weed do the same thing?
cb is pretty much the reason the corps is what it is today, and the main reason we even had a site. i kinda miss him checking in. what's his ks? i didn't know about it. ` leo... coffee... i never thought i'd say this, but coffee is something i wouldn't recommend!
wow, you guys have been busy. thanks to the muscle relaxer i took for my back, i have been in a droopy, relaxed, sleep filled day so far. probably going back to bed. geist, i've had to be put under a few times for surgeries. it's really not bad. kind of fun actually. get a good dose of knock out stuff then wake up with problem fixed. little recovery and rehab. good as new. as for computer/interwebz stuff, i'm useless. hell, i had to go to a friend to find out how to use my smartphone when i first got one. i couldn't even make a call with it,lol.
one last thing: i read the update on his ks. i am aware of some of the trials he is going through. i wish him nothing but the best and if he needs to vent or some help, i'm sure those of us here would be happy to help out as best they can.
i don't blame in creeper. he really did a lot of the heavy lifting when the site was first active. he is always welcome to come here and say "hi". i worry about him.
wait. leo is a coffee drinker?
two other things- had lunch at google offices today. super fun! (and free) and leo drank coffee.  i walked in kitchen and he was drinking from cup.  if i make it through today, it will be a miracle. #psychokitty
there are a lot of super easy templates out there, geist. but again- money.  basic ones are cheap, and you can usually find a promo code out there.  again-i'd love to help out financially, but i am just very strapped right now.
but thanks for finding those snapshots, zem! that will help a lot!
cb has been working on his own kickstarter project, along with a lot of things going on in his life.  he's just a very busy man.  i know it's not personal- he was such a huuuuge help for many many months.  he probably needed to make a few cuts to his priorities.
that page has snapshots of every page on there, or at least it should. i don't know if you can copy and paste things onto the new version once we bring it back, but you can use it as a guide. why didn't cb warn us the site was going under? we could've planned for this all already.
here's the internet archives page for all the snapshots of kittencorps.com in case you can use these when redesigning. https://web.archive.org/web/20150501000000*/http://kittencorps.com
speaking of which, geist, i could find you dozens of great lynda.com deals for courses on web designership and maintenance, and i know cb would help you out a great deal.
gm, do you at least have honey? it could work then, though it'd be really weird. ` unfortunately, other than great youtube discount deals, i know nothing about web design and maintenance.
@bakhan: i'll have to take a crash course in internet web design. if mike can do it, i know i certainly can.
glad you made it back safe gm. hope you had a fun time in vegas. you seriously needed some r&r away from your job.
@gm, welcome back eh?!
honey i'm ho......wait, i don't have a honey....well, i'm home non-the-less.
@geist, thats too bad about cb, i hope he's okay.  are any of our other kc counterparts interwebz savy?  certainly not me... ;)
cb (or mike as he doesn't seem to want to play with us anymore) sent me a message saying he is willing to give me the domain name. i sent the directions on how that can be achieved and will wait to hear back from him.
hey, i bet the internet archives have the site in its full glory! we should check there to see if we can use those files!
and my dad's body filters out incredibly fast due to some kidney syndrome, so he can't get drunk almost at all. the one time he got close, he drank enough to kill a couple people. he could drink as much as andre the giant did in the hotel that one time if he really wanted. but the first time he went in for surgery, on his nose, he only felt really sleepy. so when the doc cut into his nose at first, he said, "wow, doc, that really smarts! are you sure i should be awake for this?!" he just looked at my dad for a second, turned to the anesthesiologist, and yelled "why the [hell] isn't he under?!". it took a second or two, but they finally knocked him out.
so no backed up files? that was a mistake. also, all my thousands of hours on youtube can come to the rescue. domain.com and use scamschool at checkout for 15% off. too bad this wasn't when they had the scamjumbo deal for like 2-3 times that much off.
nevermind. found it doing a google search so i can put it up on the site again.
don't know how to contact ddd. crap, i missed him last time he was here.
@lz: i have the picture the oatmeal drew of my screen name as my phone's wallpaper when you first turn it on. (jermaine clement in a sexy pose is the other picture)
i was thinking i may actually not take the day off, but i woke up, lied in bed for 2 minutes, looked at the clock, 30 minutes had passed, and i realized it was going to be that kind of morning and just went back to sleep until 12:30. i was just going to go to the bathroom and go back to sleep, but it was being cleaned, so i thought if i'm going to be up this long, i may as well just wake up now.  but i was told they had donuts for breakfast! dang it!
ddd should still have the original logo. i have the oatmeal version as my phone's wallpaper
at least you can afford a vacation bakhan. i haven't been on one in 4 years.
just sent a note to cb. if he won't agree to the site transfer, i've made an offer to buy the site name from him for a little over half the asking price. otherwise, i'd have to decide to purchase the name for the price godaddy is asking.
just got through chatting with the godaddy people. if cb agrees to transfer the site to me, it would only cost $8.17 instead of $69.99. if he agrees, does anyone still have the original kc logo downloaded somewhere?
my problems were all sadly self created.  we put in three new furnaces with air conditioning and a new deck last year ($70k approx.) and we went to disneyland twice and disney world once, so... yeah.  no one to blame but ourselves.  i still have a ton more i would like to do on our house, but sadly most of it will have to wait for next year (and beyond) so we can recoup!
trust me bakhan, i'm not rich either. reason why i am looking for a part time job and take public transportation.
i'm not rich by any means right now, but i'll put in what i can, just let me know what to do!
also, according to go daddy, the domain name is $70.00 but this can be negotiated. i wonder if he would sell it for a bit cheaper.
i won't come into some money until next wednesday but i'm happy to do it if cb will help run it with me.
any chance we can raise some funds and have cb do it for us?  if possible... i can't think of a better way.
according to cb, the kc site expired a few days ago so it will have to be rebuild from scratch. which i know not one whit how to do. any hints on how to get it back up?
@trinkets: one of the main reasons why i haven't gotten a much needed surgery is because i'm afraid that the knock out drugs won't work and that i will be awake while they cut into me.
good to know we will have our bakhan around for years to come. or at least until he helps me steal all of the maple syrup in canada.
any time i'm told i won't remember something, i take it as a personal challenge
@trinkets, i think they underestimated my mis-spent youth and therefore my tolerances to drugs... ;)
thanks guys! best of luck with your fund raising lz!
i remember going on a nice little ride right before i went under for my back surgery.  as they were injecting the knockout stuff into my iv, i asked the nurses if they have heard people say goofy things as this stuff started to kick in. they chuckled and said ooh yeah. then the ceiling tiles started racing around. i felt compelled to say, " you know your ceiling tiles are racing?"  then i went night night.
bakhan, that's great! in other news, i'm up to $85!
sounds like things are pointing in the right direction. sounds like great news, bakhan! !!!!!!
@geist, surprisingly easily actually.  the worst part was getting the iv put in.  i have rubbery viens apparently...  i wasn't completely knocked out just sedated.  it was funny because they told me that i would most likely pass out, and if i didn't i probably wouldn't remember anything.  well, i didn't pass out (which kinda sucks cause i was hoping for the good stuff...) and i remember all of it.  it was traumatic at all, just a little uncomfortable.  it was kind of neat being able to see my heart and how it was working.  they had a hard time even finding the hole, so they had to add something to make these bubbles, almost looked like pop fizz, and then they could find it.  i never had anyone tell me anything per sey, but my impression was that it was a very small hole, and won't be a big deal.  so that made me feel better!  one funny take away was apparently one of the sedatives they gave me was the same one the michael jackson o.d. on, and my response was well that explains why i had the overwhelming urge to say he heee!  i had the nurses laughing! tl:dr everythings good! ;)
morning bakhan! how did the appointment go?
good morning kittens!
sounds fun, geist. i'm off at 11 this morning. then painting minis until tonight. then it's game night. then painting more minis tomorrow. we just got imperial assault the hoth expansion and a few of the extra minis.
morning kittens. i sent a message to cb and told him i'd be happy to take over the reigns and pay for another year for the kc site. i'll see if he answers. otherwise, it's friday!!!!!!! happy to be at the end of another week. lot's to do saturday. 7 hours at the crafty bastard festival then on to a white elephant card meetup.
good morning. hopefully we aren't waking any goo's today.
cthulhu fhtagn!
yeah, but 1) that's unsanitary, and b) i don't think it would look good on your resume to have been fired for using samples to summon the great old ones. ` ` ` ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
remember, i work in a lab, where the blood flows plentifully. there's even children's blood lying around. it's almost as if someone were begging me to perform eldritch rituals.
well it sure won't as long as the kc site is down. that's just a sad, unfortunate happenstance. ` hey, someone said cb was having a rough time recently. 1) that's really unfortunate. but b) you must see him around! kick his cheetah butt on over here! he hasn't been here in forever, and he was one of the central pillars of the corps.
oof...that password...i had a new one sent to me.  not sure where it is or if that will work either.
what virgin animal's blood did you use during the third part of the new password ritual?
heh, i'm pretty sure i still remember my password
and great. now that that's down, i'll be logged out for the first time in several months and probably have to request a new password if it is ever brought back up.
oh wait... litter box was part of the site, wasn't it... shit. i still checked that every day! i wish you guys would have joined me over there. or used it for its intended (halloween) purpose. oh well, it was nice while it lasted. we need some way to bring it back though.
pot- yeah-i'm sure focus is still on the app, etc.  can't unleash everything at once.  slow roll much better.
no, i mean just a tiny bit of the proceeds to run the site for a bit longer. the patreon was a better idea though. besides, i'd only think it'd even be logical to take the tiny share from a kc expansion. unless that's what you meant...
i checked in with elan last week, the expansion pack isn't ready for testing yet.  but i can't see asking them for money in any case.  that isn't how fan clubs work.
maybe we could press for the kc expansion deck again (wait, that was just me, wasn't it? ;) and then use a tiny bit of the proceeds to fund the corps site.
wait, nooo! the site is down?! at least we still have the litter box. we could set up a patreon for the site or something. we had all the pages backed up so if we do restore it we can just bring it all back up in pristine glory, right?
i really can't wait to get home. my friend i can travel with....his brother on the other hand... we were contemplating going to battlefield vegas today, but due to the cost(and yes this is the exact reason why the brother was pissed today) of dinner on sunday(way more than we anticipated...and $60 of it was for the signature cocktail the brother never even finished) we decided it was out of the price range. i can't wait to not have to deal with the brother for a long long time after this flight(unfortunately...he is sitting right beside me on the flight).
well, we're at the airport waiting for the plane...only another ~2hours until we are in the air.....i'm kind of bored. and there are only 5 people in the gate area.
to add- i know that sales from the kittencorps items all went towards website.  i don't know if any sales have been made recently to help fund the reboot.
cb was maintaining it.  i know he's been having a really hard time lately.  :(  probably not on his priorities.  i don't know the cost of te domain. i'm sure if someone emailed him, he may hand the keys over to someone else.
i see you know the kc site is defunct.  what happens now?
oh noooooo! our website is down and out.  :(
i'm still saving for the sphynx. her name will be lilith
so wait, was it the sphynx in the end? or will you still be saving for that one as well? i mean, two cats is always better than one.
ack! i can't get to the litter box! i only knew how to get there through the website, and the domain has lapsed!
weeell then. that's that and that's all done with. weekend!!! (for all intents and purposes other than sleeping in or doing anything before 12:30 pm tomorrow unless i still decide to take the day off which i may still do but probably won't in the end even though i only have 2 classes, one after an exam so nothing will probably happen and the other entirely non-essential)
hahaha... really??  let's see pics!!  congrats on your new baby!!
thanks, gm. it was the wife's idea.
nice name there lz. so, we are sitting around waiting. haven't even left the hotel yet to go to the airport.
we just got back from rescuing a cat from the shelter. we named him creeper.
he also sniffs out rubber bands- which i know are a huge no-no for kitties.  i don't know where he manages to find them.  it drives me crazy.
i know, zem!  nobody wants to talk about it - but if you can't poop - it's a big big problem!! :)  was just talking to someone else-  he rescued a cat that ended up costing him a fortune - had asthma, crystals, etc.  he was talking about how he crawled on the ground and sniffed a spot because he didn't know if he spilled water or if the cat finally peed. haha. ya gotta poop!  and i'll never forget that day when leo finally had the most perfect normal poop and his troubles were gone!  i just look at him and say "do you even remember what you put us through?  did you block that part of your life out?!?"
i love how it's so funny that the most exciting leo ever did is poop. we had the same situation after my grandpa had colon cancer surgery and recovered faster than middle aged people but his intestines took their sweet time getting back in order. we made sure to bring him the book "everybody poops!" ` so, the lab wasn't as bad as predicted, but if i know exams (i hope i do), then this one is going to be worse than most. and i say that knowing full well p-chem grad students had a hard time working out the solutions manual on our gen-chem exam because of the professor. it took him 2 days after the exam to finish the solutions. the average was 45% and nobody passed.
yeah- i want to look into humane society- but nyc in general is just more expensive.  i really like his vet though. the whole office is so sweet and sent me a card after our first emergent visit when i sobbed for about two hours straight.
thank you so much, geist!
oh jeez, i saw the link and read geist donated and assumed you launched the hot sauce ks without me!  you know, that would raise you $300 really quick, and that's just from us! except ks doesn't have the option to let the money through instantly, so you'd only get in in a month.
thanks lz. i donated. sorry i couldn't match what the other person did. hopefully your friends and family will fill in the rest.
geist, it's here. https://www.gofundme.com/ccn58tqk
$200 for neutering!? wow! i've always had the humane society do it for about $25
@creeper: i think getting him fixed might mellow leo a little bit. won't have a strong an urge to attack your ankles.
awh, that's sweet of you to offer- but i'll figure it out.  if there ever were an emergency or a surgery he needed- i may have to fundraise. but for this stuff i'll have to pick up some extra shifts and bake some more!  just fixing him is $200, microchip is $80...this stuff piles up!
@creeper: you know can count on the kc team to help with little leo's doctoring. kc has a twitter? never knew that. since i don't twit, where is the link to your gofundme lz?
thanks! just $250 to go!
will do perhaps tomorrow so it can be spaced out a bit.  but will do!
thanks, creeper! would you mind sharing the gofundme on the kc twitteren?
hiya lz- i saw the gofundme.  good luck to you!  i currently am literally taking in loose change to my bank because i still have to get leo fixed, microchipped and get him his shots...
so sleepy.
i made a gofundme campaign.
@lz: if some guy can ask for $5 to make potato salad on ks, why not ask folks for $1 for a kitty. you could even put a tier where if someone backs for $300, they get to name the cat. (within reason, of course)
zem, yes,  i had surgery. that was 16 years ago.  i should have made that clearer.  the chiropractor was trying to fix me and it wasn't doing any good.  then my disc herniated and ruptured. i had a discectemy and everything had been fine until recently.  different area of my back too. i just never found any relief from chiropractors.
where's creeper?
i'm getting impatient with the snake plan. how can i convince 300 people to send me one dollar?
@gm: you survived vegas! congratulations. i went to bed around midnight when i was in vegas. i know, what a light weight. i'll do better next time.
or if someone wanted to hand me $300, that would work, too. happy to do it but i'd want some hot sauce as a prize.
just a miniature electronic horse race? i would be there forever! though real horse and dog races are so much fun.
i was sitting around a horse racing game that you bet 25cents per, until about 3am. we fly out tonight at about 9pm too.
dang it, i fit in that group! i got right around 5 i think. not the best, but hey, it's an hour more than that.
morning kittens. how is everyone who got more that 4 hours of sleep?
trinkets, that problem probably needs surgery. i mean, a chiropractor would do good, but the best solution for something that bad and that far gone already is just surgery.
while they're at it, i could really use $300. i mean, right now i only need $100 that badly, but the extra is greatly appreciated.
well, my day so far is going as predicted last night. really tired and i haven't even hit the hard stuff yet.
or if someone wanted to hand me $300, that would work, too.
so many things...
i need a weekend and a buyer for my snake that could be looked at a number of different ways. ;-)
i need a weekend and a buyer for my snake....
geist, truer words have never been written.
*sigh* oh lawd do i need the weekend to start now. or a lottery win.
i need a masseuse. i used to go to a chiropractor. then my disc herniated and ruptured. chiropractor never did any good. i would feel good for about 10 minutes, then things would be back (no pun intended) to how things were.
morning kittens. did i tell you how much i hate riding the metro? today i'm going to be late for work because of track problems. i couldn't bitch if this happened every once in a while but this happens most every single week.
i could hardly walk without mine. my lower back and legs were so bad at one point my feet made a 150 degree angle and one stood several inches back from the other. it actually hurt just to walk for some time. chiropractors are the best.
@trinkets.  get thee to a chiropractor.  i couldn't live without mine.
g' mornin' ya'll. how is everyone today?
good morning all.  stupid falling on the ice. jacked up my back and neck. hopefully things get loose and i can stay at work. otherwise it'll be a day of heating pad and diablo 3.
13 sticks of gum at one time....that's a lot. my jaws would be killing me.
i was chewing gum the whole time, and didn't realize i was chewing extra fast and hard due to stress and concentration, and just added another piece when needed. i now have the rest of that pack, maybe 13 sticks, in my mouth right now. it's really nice, actually; i don't even want to spit it out to go to bed! ` oh, did i mention no time to study for said incredibly hard and important exam all of today (wednesday) and tomorrow? yeah, that'll be loads of fun!
well that was fun. spent 2 hours finishing one lab and then writing a 2-page (and that's my condensed version) procedure alone for tomorrow. hooray, to sleep after 1 am before a major exam. after that, at 8:00 pm to-... today, i will just crash and be so grateful it's virtually the weekend. i may just skip my 3 classes friday as well if i really need to. none should be essential that day.
well, anyone looking for a good show with a good story, go see ka...just don't sit very front. you miss80% of the aerial acrobatics....get good view of the performers though(lovely well toned bodies)
yes, they're hairless.
those are hairless, right? i've never been one for hairless cats, though they'd be better inside since they don't shed. but i like the big, fluffy pets best, which is why my dream cat is a maine coon. that and they're freaking huge and friendly and awesome.
zem, it's actually a 12 week old sphynx kitten. i'm hoping to be able to raise $300 in the next couple of days to offer them.
we're also sadly not forecasted any for the near future, which makes me a little sad. it's not winter without snow, and this only feels like the foundational snow.
whoo baby! i'll take it all! gimme som' 'dat [pick your favorite of my snow euphemisms from yesterday]. we probably got the full forecasted 8-12 in. tuesday, but it was warm and the ground was warm, so we only have like 4 in. accumulated in the city. outside of it, my family says they have quite a bit there.
zem, you can have every damn inch that we got yesterday & today. another 12"
well, terrible morning, good afternoon, and really bad evening about says how this day went. and tomorrow is really busy and then a major exam i don't have time to study for anymore. really can't wait for friday. anyone have some snow they're willing to lend? like 3 feet or so, just enough to block the roads and take the day off?
aaand that wraps that up. was gone all day for the below reasons.
"might get lucky...or meet a nice lady....never know what could happen here in vegas." so... get lucky. that's redundant. ` good night bakhan. hope your doctor disappears and you never hear from him again, so that it's definitely good news! (was referring to the "faster i hear back, the worse it is", but that also fits in with "no news is good news")
something posted to the litter box for the first time since halloween?! *sideward accusatory glance* oh boy!  the house looks like it came along really well! hope it's finished soon and safely! the mufasa and rafiki thing took me a second too. that's sad, but hopefully some new faces will help lighten things back up. lz, if you can't drop $400 on a cat, how about a kitten?! *makes cute face you can't refuse or look away from and reaches for your wallet*
food, coffee, and 2 long games of the contender with my family and a nap later, let's get stuff done! oh, it's already 6:30. ok.
take care of yourself bakhan! also, i prefer committed relationships for sexual activities, but sometimes things just fall into place and you end up spending the night with someone(who may become that special someone).
well, kittens, i'm signing off for today.  i've got my procedure tomorrow and i'll let you know how things go when i can.  stay frosty corps!
@gm, i don't blame you!  nasty! i may be old fashioned, but i don't believe in sex outside of a committed relationship.  i don't judge, but i won't "indulge" either.
@bakhan: the other night we were offered to have women sent to our room for $250/hr...not only do i not do that, but that price is a bit too high.
@gm, you're in vegas man, save the nice for when you get home!  a disease free woman is what you're looking for... ;)
well...i bought a coca-cola bear stuffed animal for my nephew...and didn't do well in the casino so far today. maybe a little later when we go get dinner/after the show. might get lucky...or meet a nice lady....never know what could happen here in vegas.
i've listed my snake on the classifieds. i knew keeping it around would come in handy. my wife hates snakes, so i can't do anything with him. it's better if he can go somewhere where he can be loved and appreciatef
i love black or black/white cats. they are the best looking.
lol@both of you
that said though, i've always wanted a banjo, and a mandolin... mostly because they are stringed instruments and i love playing me some stringed instruments... ;)
his banjo!
a rock?
@lz, you know what you throw to a drowning banjo player?
it's not a serious consideration. the banjo, on the other hand...
@lz, i just about got a little sick there, i mistakenly read that you were thinking of selling one of your guitars... is that even a thing? perish the thought!
the sphynx people are willing to negotiate! now if i could figure out a way to raise some money to an amount they wouldn't find insulting. i wonder how much i could get for one of my guitars...
@bakhan: i see. that's a worthy thing to spend $400 on. and i agree about needing a case.
@lz, i got a sweet offer for a used 5 string fretless cort bass, for only $300, but i can't afford to get another bass right now... hence my wish for the $400 (i'd need to get a case as well, very ocd that way).
i don't know if it's pure or not. the owners need to find homes for them though. they are even putting the parents up. so, yeah, they're only asking $400 for them.
sphynx are pretty cats. is that all it cost for a pure breed?
oh, i have $400; i just can't afford to drop it on a cat
i wish i had $400... that is all. ;)
i wish i had $400 for a sphynx
lol@lz btw, i have been using your fish sauce in my homemade salad dressing. gives the dressing a slight sweet taste that goes great with raw veggies.
i just realized the redundancy in my previous post. i said evil hoa as if there's any other kind of hoa.
one will be from the shelter. the other will be from someone whose evil hoa is about to force her to take it to the shelter.
i'm sorry lz. i completely forgot that was the name of your kitties. i hope mufasa bonds with the new kitty. and you are getting the new one from the animal shelter, yes?
yay! new kittehs!
i'm getting him a friend or two this evening
@lz, sorry to hear that, i'm sure the rest of the family isn't sitting too well with it either.  poor kitty!
mufasa isn't handling rafiki's death very well.
see ya pot! i finally found a smoothie drink that is healthy and actually taste good. now i just have figure out the other healthy meals and get back into the gym and then i will be ready for the kc swim calendar.
hey bakhan!  thanks for asking.  i just posted some photos to the board.  take a look.  i have to bail for now, i'll see ya'll later
daisy dukes! *wolf whistle* now you're talking!  as a favour to humanity, i will still be wearing jeans and a hoody... ;)
i don't think it will be. i'm pretty sure this winter will go on pretty late, especially judging by how it's been so far.
morning kittens. it will be a balmy (but very rainy) 65 degrees. since the groundhog predicts a short winter this year, i'm all ready to break out the daisy dukes.
well, the snow day was fun while it lasted. at least it got me out of my worst day of the week.
@pot, hey man!  hows the house coming along?
hiya giest!  the knee i had replaced is very good.  pt ended in early august. the left knee has been ready for replacement for more than a year, i just don't have the time yet.  hopefully in june.
@gm: the only show i saw when i was in vegas as zumanity. i wouldn't see this with my folks but i don't see why going with your partner would be bad. unless your partner is a homophobic person. good to know they kept the humor as i thought this was the best part of the show. i had a change to go on one of the tour buses that go to the grand canyon. they provide breakfast and will pick you up at the hotel. i passed on it (i think because i was so tired from the night before). i spent so much time walking up and down the strip hoping from hotel to hotel to see what each had to offer. the first bar i went to after putting my bags in my room is dick's last resort. great drinks and reasonable prices plus i still have the hat they made me. i'll post in the litter box what the message was. one of the malls on the strip had a ceiling that was painted to look like the sky and every 30 minutes it would simulate a rainstorm, complete with thunder claps. women who were drunk as a skunk? probably college girls. i witnessed a guy dressed in a tux puke in one of the big potted plants at the luxor. wonder how often that happens? what is the temp like there? i went during the end of october and the afternoon temperature never got above 85 degrees. during the july months, it can get as high as 110. man, do i miss vegas.
good morning kittens!
hello pot! how is the knee treating you? are you still doing pt?
good morning kittens.  yet another busy day on tap, but i wanted to check in and say hi. hi!
i wish i was moar sober when ddd was here.  haven't seen that cat in a while. @ddd, how's things been?
and good morning all
gm, sounds frickin awesome!!!! totes jelly!
i'm laying here surfing the net...and not even sure if we are going back out tonight....
i'm just jealous about the penn and teller. that's something i need to see someday.
@geist: here is the vegas update: where did i leave off...told you about finding out the server was engaged, can't remember if i mentioned we saw o that same night(very well done, loads of comedy). saw penn and teller on sunday, enjoyed that. lots of good laughs, and the usual penn and teller shenanigans. went and saw zumanity last night(very sensual and sexual...and one of the audience members that was pulled up on stage got very into it....do not recommend seeing it with family[wife/husband/boyfriend/girlfriend/lover only] or looking it up at work as it is an 18+ show...topless women and then there was the flamboyantly gay host...he was wearing fishnet stockings...and language too). tons of humour as well in it. after the show, walked past a group of 7 girls, 2 of which couldn't even walk straight, all cute, but looked barely legal. today we went to the grand canyon, long drive from vegas, and we also checked into the mgm grand. just got back from dinner, and going to relax a bit before going down to the casino to see how we do(i haven't had much luck this week). that about sums up my vegas vacation so far. tomorrow night we go see ka, a japanese inspired cirque du soleil. probably going to hit the casino a bit before the show, or middle of the afternoon. going to the coca-cola store and m&m store tomorrow as well(friend needs to get his nephew a coke bear...i might get one for my soon-to-be nephew[march is coming...but not quickly enough]).
great, watch a livestream and miss an old kcer.
hi, ddd! bye, ddd!
awesome! good chat you guys :)  goodnight
and good night.
yo!!!!!!!
@dan: yo
yo.
ok, just going to plug it one last time, you guys have to check out the contender! thecontender.us  it's the most fun game i've played since i first discovered cards against humanity! and that's probably because it's like a political debate cah. trust me, this game is amazing! the nsfw deck just throws a can of gas on the bonfire!
@trinkets: lol not until friday when i go to my fluxx meetup.
@trinkets: i will have many cocktail. maybe  dirty martinis fixed it for ya ;-)
lol, low yield ice.
and yes, i made all those up on my own. well, i mean, every kid jokes about god's dandruff, but the rest were mine. i like the colombian rain and low yield ice the best.
hey, canadia, you got some more of that... frozen water? angels' dandruff? eskimo ice cream? colombian rain? low yield ice? igloo dust? come on, do i have to spell it out? ... *snow!* yeah, i'll take some more of that if you got it. most of my last purchase got... melted. it spilled all over the ground, which was warm, so now i only got a few inches. i'll take whatever you got.
@trinkets: i will have a cocktail. maybe a dirty martini
time to pop the cherry on my sixer and get right!
geist de la muerte gatito about 3 hours drinks for everyone! effin a-right!!!!!
some people suck. (no pun intended)
@zem, my work is not exciting, but as i've missed three days of work (didn't really miss them though), i've got a lot of catching up to do, with some very needy people.  effen people!
seriously, this week so far in here has been like a weekend. is work actually exciting for once? i mean, for gm, it makes sense to only have one or two comments at all, but we have a quota, people! pick up the pace!
i'm drinking lemonade. does that count? sorry, i don't have anything to make it hard lemonade.
birthday? i love birthdays! drinks for everyone!
bakhan, here's hoping they lose the paperwork, forget about it, and you're never notified! ` good... afternoon, corps! i would have semi-stuck to my schedule, but the thing about the controller below kept me up to 4 am, 2 hours longer than i'd hoped, and then i watched some sherlock with my roommate until 5 because of one of the funniest parts in the series. now i just have to get back on schedule for tomorrow.
happy b-day to cha! if she pops on.
sending lots of kc love toward you bakhan!
@lz, thats what i'm hoping! i am trying to stay positive.  its tough though.
here's hoping it takes two weeks for them to get back to you, then! ;-)
@geist, well, so far so good.  i go in for that procedure on thursday, so i'll have a better idea of how my heart is really doing shortly thereafter.  if they call me on friday, i'll probably freak out, as the faster they get back to you, the more serious it is.  so i'll just have to see. i hope gm is having a good time, that guy has seriously needed this vacation!
good to know you are still alive. looks like my canadian kc members are chilling. (pun intended) now i just need a vegas update from gm.
i'm fasting right now anyways, so poutine is definitely off the list!
@geist, sorry to worry anyone!  i had thursday and friday off last week, and spent the whole time working on painting and assembling the minis from my avp ks that i recieved a partial shipment from.  i have been waiting on this one for over two years!  yesterday was a write off for me as i was having problems with my breathing machine (bi-pap and oxygen multilplier), and it basically inflated me.  i have never been more uncomfortable!  so yesterday i was dealing with that and my extremely sore ankle. sorry!
no poutine!  no poutine!
bakhan! where the heck were you! you had me worried sick! no maple syrup or poutine for you!
good morning kittens!
i thought cthulhu ate mormons and hanging chads? and souls good morning geist. ugh. i can't stand when the boss is making me do something that is a waste of time and money, even when i tell him it will be. and he agrees with me that what he wants me to do might not work. so why the heck am i doing it?!? aaarrggghhhh!!!
cthulhu must have eaten those comments temporarily i thought cthulhu ate mormons and hanging chads?
after 2 hours of downloading something, searching through my files for it, trying to export files and reprogram things, and trying to install the driver at the very end, i learned something: it's not worth this amount of crap to hook up an x box controller to your computer to play games with. if i had windows 10 or an x box 360 controller, it could work, but otherwise, after finally exporting the files to the last step, my computer just couldn't find the file to finally install. all those problems i had to go through and fix and move all the way to just installing it. on the plus side, at least the snow really opened up finally.
2 am and the weather is barely what they said it would be several hours ago. they'd better not be wrong about this "heavy snow/ wind" from 5:30 to 6:30! you know, lincoln usually gets more than the surrounding areas. at least we got tomorrow off. but if it proves to be terrible enough at the end of the day, they might call off wednesday as well just like last year.
woo! snow day! ` i am too, lz, but the card caucuses. the contender game creators actually went there, since it's a political game, and had their own card caucus and played the game with the candidates' teams. also, don't worry. historically, the first caucuses aren't a good representation whatsoever as to how the rest of the primaries and final elections will go.
monitoring the caucuses
this is a really quiet day for a monday. where is everyone?
and then i appeased him with my sacrificial nap in his name, so he pooped them back out for me to read or something? does cthulhu poop?
cthulhu must have eaten those comments temporarily
wait, how did people comment then? i refreshed a dozen times between my last two comments but they only came up this time! 2 comments just out of nowhere.
@lz: when i was unemployed, the most amount of time i would devote to job hunting was 10 hours. after that, i had to step back from the computer and clear my head. so he could have been packing for at least a few hours.
geez, it's dead quiet everywhere. i think this is a good time to catch up on sleep. haha. like i could ever actually catch up. sleep is just so fast.
he found another job, but he won't get his first paycheck for another week or two. when his mom commented on his lack of packing, he replied that he's been busy job hunting. she reasoned that he hadn't been doing that 24/7 since he knew he'd have to move out. our friends said the same thing, in less than cordial terms.
@lz: that puts a different spin on it. although, you usually know a few weeks in advance whether or not you can pay the rent so that you can pack up and be out of the unit before the sheriff comes. hope your friend finds another job soon. i know all to well what it's like to be out of work.
yeah! what he said! ` also, regarding that surprise o chem homework i was up till 1 working on and only finished 3 problems of that i talked about yesterday, i got bored and it was getting hard visualizing this molecule, so i actually made a full model of it. it took like half of the connections i have, but i finally made it. and then was too lazy to take it apart, plus it was late and i had stuff to do. so now i just have a huge molecular model sitting on my desk staring at me to put it away. maybe later since it takes up so much space. i guess it's not quite as funny here, but it is pretty large and imposing, just sitting on my desk for no apparent reason.
also, why would anyone build a yeast culture into the system under the title of fungal culture? fungal cultures look for yeast and mold. yeast cultures only look for yeast! this isn't difficult!
we're supposed to get 8-16 in. today! woo! hopefully everything's canceled tomorrow, my hell day! plus, snow!  "better you than me. i've had enough with the stinking snow." how can you say such a thing, geist?! ;)  besides, you'll probably be getting your fair share here soon, though it'll probably be rain at that warm. well, at least it looks like nature finally sorted out who likes snow in winter and who would rather have 60 degrees! good job, weather!
he did purchase a liter of soda for each of us and told us he owes us all a dinner or something. thing is, he had to be out by yesterday because he lost his job and couldn't pay rent. so we felt bad enough for him that we didn't rage quit.
probably helped my friends move a half dozen times or so as i am the only one with a truck. each time, they bought pizzas and beers. i think that is always a fair thing.
wait, what? they hadn't packed up first? i agree with trinkets. and i would at least give my friends something. free lunch, movie tickets, something as a way of saying "thanks".
lz, that's bogus as all heck!!! i would have left and came back when it was all packed and ready to move.
geist, we've had our share already, too. 20" so far. this should put us between 26"-35" for this year.
morning future hot sauce mogul
also, good monday, kittens!
ugh! remember: if you're going to ask your friends to help you move for free, pack your crap up before moving day!
ok bakahn. you can come out of hiding now. you are beginning to worry me.
morning trinkets. better you than me. i've had enough with the stinking snow.
good morning all. stupid busy at work. well, looks like we're getting 10-15" of snow starting tomorrow.
morning creeper. is the snow finally melting in nyc?
morning kittens
morning kittens. it is currently 52 degrees and it's supposed to get as high as 62. after last week, mother nature owes us a break
come on, tuesday, let it snow! supposed to get 8-16 in. over monday night through tuesday and blizzard conditions, so hopefully everything closes!
@geist: she did have a ring. diamonds and silver. she also did agree when i mentioned she would be a great wingman. oh well, i will find someone nice sometime. just hoping i'm not too much older before then.
so apparently yesterday in the late afternoon, my o chem professor sent out a shit ton of homework due monday early morning in class. unfortunately, i went to my grandpa's birthday and my brother's honor band and didn't even get back and see it until like 11:30 pm. now today i'm seeing my dad off because he's going to travel for work and vacation for the next month. i should probably be getting back to my dorm where i left all my notes and materials so i can start working finally at like 8-10 o'clock. 9 problems, 2 of them in-depth 3 parters. in a matter of like a couple hours. i'm pretty sure it goes against several rules to drop that much homework late in the weekend by surprise in a method not everyone will see and only half will have the materials to complete and expect it done before the end of the weekend.
extra hard polite denial. both the fake engagement and pretending to be gay?! ;) no, i think she was probably telling the truth, geist. but still, wishful thinking! we still have a few corps members with no significant other, and this must be rectified at once! ` trinkets, as i said sometime earlier before he left, what happens in vegas stays in kc.
@gm: wait a tick. did she have an engagement ring on her finger? if not, then she was politely saying "no".
@gm what happens in vegas gets told to the kc!! too bad. maybe you should ask her if she has a sister?
@geist: you can return that dress to your closet. found out that the awesome beautiful server is engaged...hope her fiance is a nice woman(found that out tonight as well)
geist, your plan for one year is to hit all 50 states? and visit specific locations, likely several per state? and probably buy something in a large portion of those? good luck. though i would have some great suggestions for nebraska, including an awesome one next door to my favorite restaurant in lincoln, a really good local greek place. the best part of a novel idea? they have 2 really big and friendly cats! there's always one in the windows watching out and the other is usually around the store greeting the customers.
geist de la muerte gatito about 13 hours ago let the snow melt begin! it's supposed to get up to 52 degrees today ` let the snow melt. it got up to 50-ish today! and on monday night through tuesday night, we'll get likely a foot and a half! woohoo!!! it's just like how the water level sinks before a tidal wave. ;)
sorry i haven't been on all day, though it's a tame weekend, so that shouldn't've been a problem. did a couple things, one of which we drove 2 hours each way for, so that's what took the longest.
something to think about. having built-in customers that will crow about your cooking and sauces is a pretty good way to help pay for the bottling expenses
hmmm, not a bad idea
or your second campaign would be the hot sauce campaign with a built-in support base from your first campaign
@lz: this is the idea i thought up as a way for you to raise some money for your hot sauce business. you are a talented cook. what are two things that go great together?  beer and bacon. why not invent some recipes using those two ingredients. host a ks campaign to raise money for the book. if it takes off, you should have enough funds left over to help get your hot sauce business off the ground.
geist, what idea did you want to run by me?
thanks potatten. my goal this year is to explore each states used book stores. i am hoping to go to nyc and visit a few of their stores
i finished making a murderer last night. the whole thing pisses me off.
here is a list of all bookstores in general: http://www.newpages.com/independent-bookstores/pennsylvania-bookstores here is a list of independents: https://phillyreads.wikispaces.com/independent+bookstores+in+philadelphia http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/top-lists/best-indie-bookshops-in-philadelphia/ the listings for center city would be for the city of philadelphia.  everything else is a little further out, though not necessarily too far.  i think the whodunit? books store went out of business though.
i'm up for a mini kc con. i still wanna visit gm & bakhan up north when it isn't -20 degrees. @potatten: would you be able to get me a list of all of philly's small/independent book stores?
lol, well if any of you are ever here or coming let me know.  we can definitely plan/do something.  tourism, food, drinks, ect.  just let me know.  know geist said she would be by sometime this year too, maybe we could even do a kc thing?
morning trinkets. let the snow melt begin! it's supposed to get up to 52 degrees today
good morning all.
whatever you went and did sounds fun anyways. wait, what's this? tired at midnight? so tired i could only just barely even set a new record for a song on guitar hero iii at my house?! wow, i need to go to sleep. it would be more amazing if i hadn't already set all the records for that song and i'm way better at it at this difficulty than i was then.
@potatten- almost went to philly today.  i had a crap week and needed to get away.  would have tried to meet up. but realized philly is just another city.  i had to stand on the edge of a ravine and scream.
hello all. sleepy kitty is sleepy.  adventure day. much nature. many rocks.
i no longer use hotel wifi.  after having email account passwords skimmed and used to carpet spam my contacts list the last three times i used hotel wife's i simply use my phone now.  so far no problems doing that.
well that was fun. watched the martian with chem club. of course went over alot of the chemistry after as well. got half a 2-liter of mountain dew left over at the end, too!
i've never had very good hotel wifi
the wifi in this hotel really sucks.
only another 50min until we are leaving for freemont street. hopefully it's better to us on the gambling than the rest of the places have been(total, including buying a couple items, i'm down $100, about 40 of it on gambling....today i actually came back to the hotel slightly ahead from what i took this morning).
that's why i said it wasn't quite my thing gm :)  i'm very finicky when it comes to tactics games myself.
@potatten: that one looks decent....but it's a tactics game, i'm not a fan of those myself.
not quite my thing, but this is pretty cool: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1314680699/children-of-zodiarcs-a-new-tactical-jrpg-by-aaa-ve
@geist: depends on how she feels above moving to canada with me. mind you, she is in school right now(going to ask her what for tomorrow when we see her). she did live in or near new york for most of her life, and she has been here for only 5 years.
i'm here. what's the idea?
running is too much work. let him come get the idea.
where is lz? i want to run an idea by him.
i got six hours and i was up at 5:30 this morning.
i got around 7 hours last night and i need a nap.
if i'm hallucinating, i wish i did more often. i felt horrible all week, but a really fun game and not enough sleep later, i feel perfect! the weirdest thing is that i thought i'd be pretty low on sleep today since i went to bed at like 1:30 am, but i woke up an hour early and just lied in bed for an hour. i thought i couldn't go back to sleep, but turns out i didn't even need to and somehow got the equivalent of 9 or 10 hours normally in just over half the time.
i think zem is hallucinating from his lack of sleep, lol.
also, i discovered the cure for a week of not enough sleep:  not enough sleep! it's so obvious! i got like 5 1/2 hours of sleep last night if i was lucky, but woke up feeling perfect. did i already mention this?
@gm: should i get digging out my good dress to go to your wedding?
cirque du soleil even! sounds amazing! meanwhile i got a free chick fil a sandwich and promotional handout for an apartment complex (sign a lease at aspen within 48 hours and i can get a $350 visa gift card, apple watch sport, or keurig kold?! oh boy!) while walking around campus. not a bad start to a weekend.
i can't wait for saturday night. going to see cirqu du soleil's o, after having dinner and going to see the lovely server again(she even told us to ask for her).
trinkets, he's taking full advantage of his vaca? his cow?! what are you doing to that poor cow, gm?!?!?! ` i won't have an ideal weekend, but it promises to be plenty of fun. plus, apparently after the week of not enough sleep, all i needed tonight was like 5 hours or so and i feel great! i have no idea how, but it feels like i had 10 hours of sleep! that, plus friday, plus few classes, plus 50 degree weather that i can fully enjoy knowing it'll be back to winter next week plus watching the martian later on today in chem club means this promises to be a great day already! i should be careful, though, because that can usually turn around quick.
@trinkets: but that is the perfect time to drink! can you say "three-martini-lunch"?
yeah for friday, kind of.  i still work half a day tomorrow. my friday won't actually start until noon tomorrow.
i am so jealous gm. sounds like you are taking full advantage of your vaca.
friday. finally. glad to see you are having fun in vegas gm. makes me wish i could visit again
between everyone supporting big brother wholeheartedly and an atheist calling down god's wrath on gays, it was a great time!
@trinkets: i was up that early, sitting at the airport waiting to board our plane. i have finally just sat down. went from our hotel(carriage house las vegas) down to the mgm grand, across to the new york new york, down just past luxor, then back t the hotel through the mgm grand casino, played some ek(first time for all of us), went out to dinner at the cosmopolitan(wanted to go to gordan ramsey's the burger...huge line), restaurant was wicked spoon, and spend a good two and a half hours eating/drinking/chatting up our lovely server...honestly, she was both beautiful and funny. she actually delayed her work duties to chat with us. oh, and all of the above, is off of less than 2 hours of sleep...i know the second i lay down i will  be out like a light.
i mentioned the contender game here earlier, but if you haven't seen it, you need to check it out! just finished my first game of it with friends, and it's the best game i've ever had! political cards against humanity for sure, and the "politically incorrect" deck hasn't even arrived yet! the politically incorrect deck is still around too, so if you see it and see how funny it could potentially be (and is for sure), then you should definitely get it and the nsfw expansion while it's still around. sorry to wave another game around, but it's not a ks campaign anymore, it's a successful and hilarious game suggestion to play with friends now.
lz, weather hardly matters to me when it comes to camping. though one time we went somewhere and it rained all of the 3 days we were there, sometimes incredibly hard, and then let up literally minutes before we headed back down the mountain. but boy, you should have seen the beautiful reflection on the lake then! we got to see it a whole 5-10 minutes! and one time when it rained probably 5 or 6 inches in the time it took for us to go along a path.  though you'd love this weekend's weather here for that! 50 and sunny all weekend! thankfully we'll get some snow mon. and tues. to balance it out.
winter camp sounds fun. ok, no it doesnt. at least up here it doesn't. winter camping in texas, maybe.
guinness cheddar, buffalo wing jack, peppadew havarti,....so much good cheese. and i will back what lz said about chocolate cheese tasting like fudge.
it also means i can go back to wearing a van dyke tonight (instead of a full beard) after fencing, instead of waiting until saturday!
woohoo! my friend's misfortune has gotten me out of winter camp! yes, yes, i know. zem would love a winter camp and it's not nice to be happy about someone's bad luck. but, it's supposed to be 34 and rainy this weekend (so, pretty much the worst camping conditions imaginable), and my friend has to move out of his apartment because he can't afford rent. so, i feel sorry for him because he has to move back in with his parents and his credit is going to take a hit, but i've also been dreading this campout for six months...
wisconsin? aren't they famous for their snow? i'll have 2 pounds of your finest powder! though, to be fair, we're supposed to get like a foot or more over next monday night and tuesday.
so i went and ate before partaking in the infamous "chem test thursday" today. really, nobody gains anything from these days, though the entire reasons why they're infamous could take up a full comment or more in and of themselves. anyways, after the exam, with a professor notorious for not giving a damn and going off on tangiential reminiscings for entire class periods about his travels or nobel laurettes he's met and then testing you on things he didn't even remotely cover, though they're in the book (...somewhere), i actually had to go back to the dining hall because i feel like i could use an ice cream cone and coffee way more than i needed it before going. at least it's over. for now...
in that case, i wouldn't be adverse to giving it a try
it tastes a lot like fudge.
chocolate cheese? that sounds kinda gross
geist, get some of the chocolate cheese while you're at it.
also, end of month finance is the busiest. i had a headache check run and i will have another one tomorrow.
@trinkets: i didn't know you are in wisconsin. isn't that state famous for its cheese? i'll take two pounds of your best cheddar
a while.
in
day
quietest
then you have time to drive up to wisconsin, enjoy our snow, and play some board games with me!!
finally. after this exam, my week is virtually over except for 2 relaxed classes tomorrow.
*have oh great. now my computer keyboard is a little drunk
bakhan have the day off? haven't seen him in here yet.
woohoo!
as for the story, i wish i could say that my wittiness was spur of the moment, but my brother had told me about getting carded while buying that kind of root beer; so i had been planning what i would say if i was carded. i actually had to buy it two or three times before anyone tried to card me.
maybe your phone was wondering if doc had checked in recently. come to think of it, he hasn't been here for awhile, has he?
yes, i got your email. i need to double check the rate, then i'll get back to you.
i swear,  i typed btw, lz. what the heck, phone?
good story, lz. btw,  doc you get the email i sent you?
lz, that's hilarious! meanwhile, my only story like that is not being able to get a 5-hour energy before an act because that gas station thought you should be over 18 to be able to get that. an energy drink. the one time i ever actually wanted that stuff (because very little sleep before a major test).
the week of not-enough-sleep marches on. you know the worst part of waking up? you realize you were asleep. and you have 10 minutes to get out of bet, get ready, skip breakfast, and go across campus (normally a 10 minute walk in itself). i don't know how i got there in 13 minutes!
the cashier's eyes went wide, she took a good look at the six pack, turned bright red and rang me up. it was hilarious! i would haven't given you that root beer for free after that big embarrassment and asked that you never mention it to another living soul.
@geist: oh yeah! i forgot that i said that!
i was in 7th grade, buying a six pack of henry weinhard's root beer (best root beer ever). the cashier glanced at the six pack and didn't even try to scan the bar code. she looked at me sideways and asked to see my id. without a word, i promptly produced my student id. she looked at my id with a slight chuckle. then she looked at me, then my card, then me, my card, and me one more time. her: "you can't buy this." me: "why not? i have the money." her: "it's not an issue of money; you're not old enough." me: "i'm not? how old do you have to be?" her: "21" me: "really? since when?" her: "it's always been that way." me: "oh, i hadn't heard that before." her: "really?!" me: "yeah! i mean, i'm in 7th grade; i'm 13 years old! you'd think i would have heard before now that you have to be 21 in order to buy root beer!" the cashier's eyes went wide, she took a good look at the six pack, turned bright red and rang me up. it was hilarious!
@lz: no tats yet. weren't you going to get one when the oatmeal makes a lord zombitten drawing?
i've only been carded for alcohol once. i've been carded for root beer a couple of times, though. that was funny. i made the cashier feel really stupid.
then there's me. i am a biker, but i don't have any ink. i'm tall, but not big, etc.
lol. my tats aren't anything to do with bikers. side note, while i  was in austria for my cousins wedding, a lot of europeans thought i was in a biker gang from my appearance. big, long hair, beard....i can see it. some were afraid of me.
@trinkets: you have that bad boy look about you. probably thinks you'll flaunt your hell's angels tattoos
gm: you are in las vegas. get drunk and have fun. remember: what happens in vegas, stays in vegas.
you're up early, gm. thought you might sleep in.
morning kittens. @trinkets: i'm surprised i don't get ided more that i actually do. i think in the last 10 times i could have been, i was only asked for id once, maybe twice.
*counter at wow, my phone is starting early.
so the lady who works the courtesy could yet at the local grocery store where i have been buying my brandy and beer from for years will still look at me sideways when scanning my stuff and occasionally ask for id. for the love of pete, i have twice as much gray hair as she does. not sure why she can't remember me. i stop almost everyday for a handful of groceries on my way home. i used to be almost flattered, but come on, i have the same uniform on every day and go in at the same time. you think eventually she might get that i'm not an underage kid.
did they except your passport creeper, or did you have to ask for the manager?
morning trinkets. not completely, no. apparently, many people were out of paper towels right before the storm so i could only find 12 or 6 pack rolls when i visited last night
good morning geist.  stores are still not restocked?   lame.
after a nightmare commute home last night  (home owners: by law you have to shovel not only your steps but also the sidewalk in front of your property) looks like everything is back to normal. grocery stores still look like they were mobbed but i am sure they will be completely stocked up by the end of the week
it's probably a good idea to find your license. and to mention the passport isn't for sneaking some of the good stuff across to our canadian friends.
gm- i get it.  i see what you did there. geist- it's a liquor store that cards everyone.  still can't find license.  brought passport.
just do what i do and not care about anything so much that you legitimately forget anything you were supposed to know about work over the last several months.
woo vegas! not the place for snowmen, seeing as it's in the middle of a desert, but awesome anyways! don't forget to check in here when possible to brag about it. especially that penn&teller show you said you were going to. you have no idea how jealous i am about that.
but i want to build a snowman.
*enjoy
let it go, gm. and emit the hell out of your vacation! !!
well...vacation is started. waiting at the airport hotel until tomorrow morning when we fly out. no more worrying about work. though i will.
at famous daves, they let my brothers try the seasonal beers, but then i was surprised that they carded when my oldest brother asked for one. i mean, she just gave him 3 tumblers full of beer, now she cards him?! besides, he's 24, but he looks like 30 something, especially with that beard, so she probably thought he was well over age, but had to be sure. but still, that could cause some trouble somewhere down the road.
@creeper: i don't get carded anymore. i guess now i look my half century age
sorry, trying to find my id so i can get a bottle of wine.
i had one cat that would "tolerate" a bath as long as he wasn't too uncomfortable. his roommate on the other hand... let's just say i am glad i still have two arms
trinkets "we did have the grossest cat ever. mmmmmmm, donuts!" dang it! now i want donuts! you guys are terrible! pictures of leo!  speaking of which, did we ever get those pictures of halloween?
my brother's cat leapt into the shower with me once growing up, unfortunately for me he wasn't expecting to get wet...
mmmmmmmmmmm...............donuts.
toilet.....ew.  we did have a cat who would get in the shower as soon as you were done showering and lick around the drain.
and yeah. my cats growing up hated water.  but i'm thinking i should attempt to give leo a bath again just to keep him used to the water.  i'll send you guys a pic of him in his chamomeow bath....*snickers*
my cakes are honest. took a second nap today.  i drooled.  now i want a donut.
@trinkets: and sometimes, out of the toilet
none of creeper's cakes lie to her zem.
also have had cats all my life. never had one that liked being in water. yet most like to drink out of a running faucet.
the cake is a lie, creeper. don't forget it.
deep thoughts with markiplier: life is just a baby's way of making more babies.
i thought the cake is a lie?
lol@bakhan. you can't fool me. you guys are keeping all of that surgary goodness to yourselves. how mean! we were kind enough to give you randy quaid.
geist, want to come with me for the canadian maple syrup heist pt. ii? i bet we can set a new record! also, when you start school again, can't wait to have a buddy to gripe and complain about exams and maybe even labs with! grumble-buddies!
@geist, don't do it! its a scam! ;) the maple syrup is a lie!
in the last 20minutes...i ate almost an entire lindt 70% cacao chocolate bar(the 100g ones). there are currently 2 pieces left, none in a minute.
@gm: only if i get unlimited maple syrup
sanity is no more. time to submit payroll: 3pm central current time: 3pm mountain possibility of changes to payroll due to never receiving paperwork: 99.9999999999999~% anyone want to switch jobs?
his weekly baths were because of the fleas and the ringworm.  the daily baths were becasue of his bottom.  poor little nugget.  he had such a rough start.  we didn't get to enjoy his first few weeks becasue of all those issues
when i first had leo, o had to give him a bath nearly every week and then it got to the point of every single day.  he was so so constipated and on so many stool softener and laxatives- his bum was a mess, and very very sore.  i couldn't touch that area without him crying and howling in pain.  he had to soak in chamomile every day.
cats hate beer too but i love them anyway.
@zem, not sure where you got that info... check this out: http://www.animalplanet.com/pets/healthy-pets/do-cats-really-hate-water/
actually, naturally, most cats love swimming. there's even a cat swim race championship. it's just that if they're not used to it, forced into it, or it's inconvenient, they don't like it. i mean, they do sometimes eat fish in the wild, and they don't ask friendly bears to share theirs.
supposed to be up to 50 this weekend. thankfully, though, it'll cool back down to 20 or so next week. hopefully replacing the snow too.
having had cats the entirety of my life, i can say with only one exception, that is catagorically untrue zem.  cats typically hate water, very much!  iirc only tigers are the exception to that.  i did have one cat though, that loved the water, but i think he was somewhat mentally challanged...
cats actually usually love water. they love going swimming and stuff. it's just when you force a pet to a place to then vigorously rub them and force them to sit still that they hate it. especially if you keep thwarting their attacks like leo's.  speaking of which, creeper, sounds like you need to review this: http://theoatmeal.com/misc/frame/cat_kill i don't want to be the one to point out leo as a raging psychopath, but... ;)
like an actual put him in water bath or wash him with a wash cloth bath?
unless he is one of those weird ones that likes taking baths,
wear gloves for the first bath or you'll lose all your skin
wait til leo gets his first bath. ;-)
they become less pointy as time goes on... kitten and puppy teeth are quite sharp though.
leo has a foot fetish....
leo likes smelly feet! lol
man i wish i could file down his teeth. i can trim his claws- but those fangs!
the sock has to be dirty, btw. so it smells like my feet.  little psycho king.
gm- excellent idea.
or spotted at a slowly rotating mini disco ball, all the lasers!
laser pointers tied to a string that you swing once and walk away, pendulum momentum.
he does enjoy a rolled up sock.  he meows and cries if he's on other side of the door.  i have to do that when i'm getting dressed becasue he latches on to my foot when trying to get on pants or socks or shoes.  i literally had to physically unclamp his jaw from me while sliding him off leg or hand. the joys of motherhood!!
and catnip ;-)
and rolled up socks, and spray bottles/water guns, and flame throwers... ;)
if he does, that's why doors were invented.
@creeper: i hope leo doesn't keep you up with trying to play when you are napping. kittens have so much energy.
taxes are the devil's poop. i was sent home from work.  i slept an hour.  my delirium set in halfway through side work/prep.  we were a little slower today.  staff begged them to send me home becasue i kept walking into them.
@geist, i wouldn't doubt it, i never did trust little old ladies... ;)
no wonder he's so grumpy all the time! if fruitcake is his poop, he must be constantly constipated
i think fruitcake is the devil's poop.
@geist: i'm not sure about tax day...i actually don't do my own. my mom does everyone in the families taxes(except my sister's because she teaches hawaiian dance on the side of her normal secretarial job).
@geist, well, i have an accountant so, not the taxes for me... ;) fruitcake though, that is the food of the devil, and sweet little old ladies (that are probably the devil). ;)
@bakhan: lol. fruitcake? isn't that the kriptonite of the kitten corps? or is that tax day?
@geist, you can do anything you set your mind to! you are kc! your only true weakness is fruitcake! ;)
geist, you can do it!!
that sounds like a blast, gm.
as far as vegas is concerned, why not try zumanity? i saw that one and enjoyed it?
lets see if i can get through this day without going insane not possible.
thats a great idea!  its all true! is there anything ek can't do, except connect the app via the internet, and android app... but you know what i mean!
i'm taking ek with me on this trip. never know, sitting in the airport for a couple hours, or possibly meet some people to chill with when we are there, anything is possible. i mean, ek brought all of us together, didn't it?
@gm, me too, i have thursday and friday off! whoo hoo! i also have a ks showing up today that i've been waiting for, for two years! avp!  i'm not getting all of it, but i'm getting about 2/3 of it anyways; i can't wait!
i hope so too....i just need to survive today.
@gm, congrats, i hope you have a good time, actually i hope you have a great (mountain) time!
it's a week in sin city, wandering around, seeing some shows(pen and teller, ka, o, and maybe something else), going to a shooting range, grand canyon, and not sure what else.
between work, and work, i have no life(get off work, go home, turn on the ps4, and play ffxiv or rainbow six: siege until about 10pm, then watch 1-2hours of anime, then sleep). rarely do i go out for anything other than work, and even rarer is going on a vacation where i leave the city/country.
gm, is your vaca a relaxing one or are you sightseeing a bunch of places? the latter always seem to be as stressful as work can be.
i am behind on a lot of games. i , until  mid last year, only has a ps2. a buddy of mine got a ps4 and let me borrow his ps3 and his games. so i jumped in head first with diablo 3, skyrim, and fallout 3. between those and painting minis, i have no life,lol.
lets see if i can get through this day without going insane...would be nice to be able to go on vacation still slightly sane.
morning kittens. @trinkets: i haven't played that game in a long time. basically since a couple weeks after reaper of souls came out...i almost miss it, but i prefer playing ffxiv since it's an open world with tons of stuff to do.
yes it is, zem.  i was up waaaayyyy too late playing diablo 3
is this the day of not-enough-sleep or something?! i'm definitely taking a nap later on. i also wish they made an online version of the ek app so we could play. you know, since not all of us have them fancy smartphone gadget thingamaboppers.
morning bakhan
good morning kittens!
i'm sleepy. is it bedtime yet?
lol i know the feeling creeper.
thanks potatten- that was my exact response.  this is just the first release.  plenty of updates to come. holy crap i'm so exhausted i do not want to adult today.
well obviously it could be improved, they just released it not that long ago.  that's just how it works in general, even the best in the business have to go back and tweek things.  they'll release a patch or two and it will be fine.  until they get more feedback, it won't change though.  a multi-national 5 player game would be awesome though, i do admit.
hey cha!  no i haven't checked it out yet, i'll have to.
exploding kittens doesn’t have enough bang as a mobile game yet http://venturebeat.com/2016/01/24/exploding-kittens-doesnt-have-enough-bang-as-a-mobile-game-yet/
hello trinkets. my long winter vacation is over. back to work for me. had to walk several blocks in the street to find another bus that would take me to the subway. the buses still won't come to my street.
good luck and good morning!
i'm only 4 hours away from ny. i've been up since midnight cleaning and now i am finishing up washing my hair. since i missed so many days of work, i will be attempting to get into work early. wish me luck.
you and i are in same time zone.  i need sleep.  worked tonight and opening in the morning.  good night! get some rest!
little psycho is fine.  need to get a laser pointer.  loved chasing shadows when he's not flying through the air attacking my leg.  but every morning i wake up and find him nudged up against me.  if i move, he grabs my arm and nuzzles.
hello creeper. how is little leo doing?
wait wait wait- wasn't i supposed to get in on this inferno? i need something to keep me warm. and hi cha!!! potatten? pfft.  old pal. nothin' new here. :)
wait, weezer?! ok, i didn't check it before because i was busy typing about how awesome it was cha came back to visit, but once vivaldi's winter is over, then definitely that! that'll be a stark difference. ;)
lz, i'll send it tomorrow. i can barely keep.eyes open.  good night all!!
cha!  welcome back!!! loves me some weezer!!!
@zem: indeed
lz, you just need all the emails of the everyones to mass email them when you launch your ks.
cha!! how you doing? this update is bringing all the old friends back! you come back to be our part-time dj?
it's cha!! trinkets, send me an email with your address. i'll reply with more details. lordzombitten@gmail.com
hello cha! how have you been? i don't back so many campaigns lately. trying to save money for school and such
amalgam comics & coffee :)
aaaand what happens when i check back on kickstarter - i stumble upon stuff i have to back! aww well such is the backer life ;) any fun projects you've backed recently? other than of course eagerly waiting for lord z's future hot sauce project to get kicked off. :) *waves to dr. potatten* have you checked out the new comic store in kensington/port richmond yet?
happy tuesday everyone :) nice to see so many old names still hanging out here! feel good song for a cold, snushy day: http://youtu.be/0c3zgyw_fam
speaking of bad day to get little sleep, i'm going to have to do extra nice on a few lab reports to make up for that quiz today. *shudders*
good catch, trinkets! ` i feel like i really need a nap. only got, if i was lucky, 5 hours of sleep last night (abysmal for what i need). but, i've perked up a little since this afternoon and have a 3-4 hour weekly livestream coming up here i watch religiously, so i'm not pooping out quite yet. good thing tomorrow is an easier day. just happened to get little sleep on the worst day possible.
what's it take to get one from you, lz?
lord zombitten 13 minutes ago i do have 3 bottles of original inferno hanging around... fixed it for ya!!
but on that note, time to go shopping for some stuff i still need, then find food, then start packing.
well, when there is one or two, not so bad. but when we are in the middle of change rates for almost everyone due to the crappy economy...it makes it harder. especially since they never make it beginning of the period(0.000000000000000000000001% the work if they did it the beginning of the period).
better days ahead, gm. how often do midweek rate changes happen? too frequently or not often, but they suck when it happens?
i do have 4 bottles of original inferno hanging around...
hello 7pm(close enough), my old friend. seems like we saw each other just yesterday(mid week rate changes are hell!)
worst. january. ever. this is becoming a more deadly winter than when the donner party got stuck in the rockies. too bad we don't get 22 feet of snow like they did, though. ` my game collection over the last year now has 3 games and an awesome puzzle box with decks of cards inside. you should see my library, though.
abe vigoda passed away. 2016 continues to suck it hard! !!
bakhan,  they're not my games. one of my friends used to run the local game/sports card/hobby shop. he's the "curator" of the collection. i have like 3 games, he has 40. and he's big in keeping up with the new and trading away the old in demand stuff. he gets the games and buys the paints. i do the work. everyone else gets to enjoy. he has backed to:7s, besieged, scythe, and conan by monolith. good god, there's something like 350+ minis and terrain pieces to paint in conan alone. not to mention the rest of z:bp. ugh. i may need to take ti.e off of work to get them all done.
i mean, i'm sure if you asked lz nice enough, he'd lend you some, though you still have to pay some for shipping. it's worth it. or you can wait the (hopefully) short time to the ks, production, and order fulfillment, though i'm sure he'd love the extra reviews and people to lurk in the comments and just blabber on about how great it is.
i was away for about a month? and i also missed the sauce expo. hopefully i can get in the next round ;-)
lol
you were never here, so it's your fault you didn't get some. but when you do, get macaroni for it! also, i've closed in like between 2 and 3 thousand since you've been gooooone.
if people would actually shovel there side walks i wouldn't mind it sticking around for a little bit myself... but they don't so i'm kind of done with it already.
holy cow, it'll be 50 this weekend. well, the snow was fun for the 24 hours it lasted.
all this time and you still haven't zipped by me zem.  sounds like you need to work harder.  also, there was trial testing and no one said anything to me?! for shame.
also, blondie disappeared a long time ago. looking at her profile through the top-commenters thing,  "bye for now! will check back in when i need to be distracted from fainting due to fear! haha feb 20 2015 on exploding kittens" ` speaking of the top commenters list, dr. p, you need to get back in the game! lz and i are right on your heels now! i'm exactly 1000 behind, and like 500-something behind lz closing in. ` and the sauces are totally worth being a trial tester for! they're so good! really can't wait for the campaign so i can get more!  p.s. the regular hot sauce goes magically with macaroni and cheese! don't know why, but it does!
dr. pepper?! jeez, apps bring people back to visit better than my milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard!
37 degrees. holy cow. it's sweltering out!
yup.  live right here in philly.
@potatten: didn't you say you live in philly? i should be up that way in the spring visiting a friend
can't wait for your hot sauce campaign lz. count me in.
thanks
oh okay.  well let me know if i can help in anyway.  i will do what i can.  the same thing goes for creepers baking stuff that isn't a ks thing yet.
no, i just barely got the quote for the labels. now i'm asking around to get help making a video for the ks
wait, is there already a ks?  no one tells me anything.
there's more than a pinch. there's also a blend of herbs and spices. these sauces taste good. i just need to raise around $15k to get all four up and running.
secret ingredient: pinch of salt?
the recipes are set
it's the kale salad from costco, so it comes with some sort of poppy seed dressing...this *should* be the last of what we had at home.
you could use three different dressings on it, making it three different salads gm.  too bad salad dressing is icky, otherwise that would be a good idea.
do you have samples and stuff, or are you still tweeking the recipe?
you know....having the same salads three days in a row...is kind of disappointing to say the least.
i need to budget a couple thousand dollars for labels
@trinkets, nice! i want your first and third ones, but i'm not sure i'll be buying those this year... depends on the cad...  i've got enough coming to keep me busy for quite a while as it is.  i've got avp coming soon, if the tracking info is correct, and a couple other ks when they ship; to:7s and f:ta.  can't wait for those ones!
well, it was fun while it lasted. rip snow 2016=2016. dang it, east coast! take our heat to help with all that snow!
i will probably start z:bp  in a couple of weeks, when i get all these done.
i need to be better at getting my painting done.
bakhan, 1) imperial assault. just finished with the twin suns expansion and will start hoth soon. 2) blood rage. i have 3 clans done and am about half way thru the 4th. 3) mansions of madness. 90% done.  just need to finish 2 mi-go and 2 witches.
i'm doing well. suuper busy, though! i'm the manager at my lab now, and i'm working on getting info so i can do a ks to get a hot sauce business going.
@potatten: not since the end of the campaign if i remember rigt.
well, how about you lz?
dr p!!!! long time no see! how the hell have you been?
has she been around geist?
a potatten sighting? next thing you know blondie will be showing up
i can't wait to get my to:7s game, and start painting(i have a feeling my dad and i will be painting them together, at least some of them, as he is currently painting napoleon era cavalrymen for a diorama).
@trinkets, which games? i've been painting z:bp lately.  i've got all six heros, the necromancer, and the abmination, as well as the first 9 of 63 zombies done thusfar.
it was,gm. lol.
doing good. just got over the flu. painting minis for a bunch of games. enjoying the good life.
well...it's tuesday...seems like just 12 hours ago i was here. hello kittens.
good morning kittens! wow derp and dr. p! whoo hoo!
good, been busy.  stopping by to see how everyone here is doing.  how've you been trinkets?
howdy, dr. potatten!! long time no see.  how's things been?
dear derp:  the conversation is still running because it never stopped.  it has become a sentient thing, and now strives to take over the world with the fuel supplied to it by own ramblings.  also, it has unlimited power.
it was worth it. i would recommend not eating so much you feel legitimately sick, though.
keep talking like this and will brave frost bite to find some bbq
congrats, geist.
good morning all. zem, for our super bowl party last year, my buddy got almost $400 of famous dave's catered for us. ribs, brisket, pulled pork, beans, cole slaw, muffins.......sooooo good. we have a guy who just opened a bbq joint in town. he had been on a few of the food tv bbq competition shows. nothing better than a pound of brisket and a loaf of white bread.  dammit,  i'm hungry.
@trinkets: metro just announced that 90% of its bus fleet isn't running today so it looks like i am working from home again. i could get use to working in my pj's.
why the hell not?! kc has some of the best barbecue! what's that gas station one? joes? one of the best i've ever had!  famous daves is by far the best major national barbecue chain, though. and their sauces are as good as everyone says! it's just one of my favorite places overall.
pfft.  y'all are talking to a kansas city girl about bbq.... don't get me started on that conversation.
also in common with garfield. he's probably the most famous for monday-hating.
me and 2 others got the all-american feast, the ginormous sampler with a full rack of ribs, a whole chicken, half a pound of brisket (there is no other meat!), beans, slaw, fries, cornbread, and likely something else i've missed. i had probably a full third or more (it's made for 4-6, and the others who were supposed to be like vultures just passed it up and into take-out containers), which is why i felt so sick afterwards.
geist, 50/50 that you'll have to go back to work or work from home?
gm, you and boomtown rats have the same thing in common. https://youtu.be/aer0-kzjp3u
hiya creeper! and.... derp!!!!!!!! welcome back,  even if only for a second.
so, what did you get to eat, zem.
how would it not be going?! you know me better than that!
whaheywhoa! a derp sighting?! who summoned him?! hey, derp! long time no see!
ate so much famous daves i very nearly puked. as i've said before, it's one of my favorite restaurants!
derpaderpderp.
deerrrrppppp!!!
i've been gone for god knows how many months now. the only question i have is, how is this conversation thread still going!?! also hi all. i'm not actually back i was just curious how and what was the last comment.
looks like there is only a 50/50 chance i will be able to get to work tomorrow
@creeper: at least you know he won't be running away in the winter...at least not for long. and it is finally time to go home. now to see what crap i get to deal with tomorrow. -.-
you filming a tv show creeper?
hellllloooo kittens!!   creeper had a grumpus day.  boots cracked, slush flooded in.  wet freezing socks.  film crew at work delayed everything. hip-checked someone at  snl.  tired grumpy grump.  but! took leo out to play in snow.  took him 5 minutes to realize he did not like snow. :)
and here i wanted to be on my way home....about 2 hours ago. aaaaaaaaaaaand the payroll program froze on me....as i'm almost ready to wrap up my day. monday can suck it.
@bakhan: not mine, but one that i need to send the payroll off to for approval at his division.
@trinkets: i would have two ways of going about that. i either need to get more empties and make a batch, or i can open a bottle of the original inferno and add an appropriate number of habañeros to it to turn it into original magma.
gaaah! once again, i wish people around here would learn what my job duties are! gaaaaaaahhhhh!
@gm, was it your manager?
i bumped into famous dave himself at a bbq battle they had in d.c. a few years ago. he was rolling around in one of those motorized wheelchairs. i didn't stick around to see if he won the battle or not.
....surviving these three days just got a lot harder. who needs to know when a manager is let go? definitely not payroll. *worldendingsarcasm*
btw lz, what does it take to get some of your hottest sauce?
no offense to lz(i haven't had your sauces yet), but the sweet and zesty?(purple bottle) and the devil's pit(black bottle) are fantastic.
famous dave's! !!!!! i love that place. the original one was up in heyward, wi. i got to eat there abut 6 years ago. sooo good. then the place burnt down last winter. they said they were rebuilding it.  never heard if it's finished or not.
still don't know if i can make it to work tomorrow. does anyone want to finish cleaning my bathroom? i hate this chore.
oh, plus, the thing i'm leaving for now is my dad's birthday. famous daves for the win! and free (to me)!
waiting to hear if the metro system will be up and running tomorrow. i can stand working from home again
yeah! my new game got here! at least the regular one. the "politically incorrect" nsfw deck was signed this weekend and will likely get here before i have a chance to play this. the contender.
we finally hád good snowfall saturday night through sunday morning. my snowblower (which i bought used) worked great...until the belt broke.
that's what i always do. thankfully i'll be leaving right about in the emptiest time, i hope. i've been wrong about these things before, and i have a long ways to go with it.
@zem, just take your time, leave plenty of space, assume people will do the dumbest thing they can, and you should be just fine. ;)
the only bad thing is that i have to drive in it as soon as i finish eating. and that's when the wind should pick up and visibility should be negative. and did i mention ice? i'm used to it after this winter, but it's not something you want to have to worry about in addition to not being able to see heavy traffic.
for some reason, i want to sing the lumberjack song, though that's about a barber who wanted to be a cross-dressing canadian logger, not snow. well, it has canada in it.
snow!!! tons and tons of it!  what wouldn't we give for  that extra bit more  that's all we live for  why should we be fated to  do nothing but brood on  snow, magical snow, wonderful snow, marvelous snow, beautiful snow, snow, glorious snow, glorious snoooooow-and-lots-of-ice!!! ` if you couldn't gather, we're getting a ton of snow now. and i'm finally happy with winter this year.
i am sure you will get through this with flying colors.
@geist, so far so good. i go in on the 4th to get that endoscopic radiology done (x-ray the backside of my heart to see properly how big that hole is), and my stress test is on the 18th.  i have to admit when i got the call about the x-ray (which i have to be put under for) i got a cold chill, i'm way more freaked out about it than i even let on to myself.  sssshhhh, don't tell me about it! ;)
@geist, me either, actually i've never cooked in a commercial kitchen, but i've fixed some plumbing in quite a few.  one of the reasons why i absolutely will not eat at some restaurants... ;)
on another note, how is your ticker bakhan?
@bakhan: that would do it. i didn't work in the cooking business long enough to get those calluses.
i bet it was gm's working in the kitchen the prevented the burns. his skin would have been tougher (calluses) due to handling all the hot pans, excesive hand washing, etc. thats my guess.
@geist: by having burned the feeling out of them over the years. though, since i stopped working in the kitchen, most feeling has returned.
@gm: my fingers were burning despite handling what i thought was the milder peppers. if you were handling the spicier variety, i don't know how your skin survived
i've never had that problem...and i've had to dice/slice cases of hot peppers when i worked in kitchens.
i'm sorry, geist! i've made that mistake before. with habañeros and ghost peppers. it literally felt like my hands were on fire. the heat pain came in wist can be described as flickering waves. i could imagine and almost see the flames wrapping themselves around my hands. i learned my lesson never to cut peppers with bare hands.
@gm, you never know!  i've seen snow here every month but july, so time will tell!  when i moved here in 92, it was -12 with ice and snow on aug 18th (three days before my b-day, thanks calgary!)!  i was a sad sad boy!
i was reading some of the d.c. news websites and they said that right before the storm, booze delivery was up to record orders. seemed people prefer to have a large stock of booze on hand over food when we get a ton of snow. speaking of which, i am nearly out of the apple flavored crown royal i purchased a few days ago.
@bakhan: yeah, but it will make up for it later this year. snow covered stampede most likely. :p
@geist, precisely why prohibition never caught on up here... ;)  barrels of whiskey are sometimes the only answer! ;)  in all truth though, so far this winter has been exceptionally mild for us, both in temperature and accumulation of snow.  knock on wood!
@gm & bakhan: i was kidding. i know my neighbors to the north handles snow better than us d.c. folks. 6 feet of snow would send us into such a tizzy, we would need liquid therapy for months afterwards
i remember working at a gas station years ago, there was a major blizzard and it took me over an hour longer to get to work.  there was only two of us there, the other guy just walked a couple of blocks.  it was so dead we were building snowmen all around the lot!  it was actually one of the best shifts i ever had there.  mountains of snow don't really slow us down all that much out here, which is good, because if they did we wouldn't get much done!
@geist: why would we have cabin fever? 6 feet of snow and we still make our way to tim horton's for a coffee
morning gm & bakhan. cabin fever hasn't set in yet?
for the record, i tasted some of the finished product and it's good. not as spicy the next morning as when i made it last night. i will be eating this for the rest of the week.
@lz: i had to blame someone. i made a white chicken chili last night that uses three kinds of hot peppers. jalapeño, poblano and anaheim. i thought, since these are the milder peppers, why not chop them up with my bar hands? despite washing my hands twice, i still must have had some of the pepper on my hands because some of my fingers started to burn. it didn't hurt, just stung for a few hours. i thought "why didn't lz warn me about the evil of peppers?"
morning kittens. three days....if i can survive this, i can relax for a week.
@lz, on my part? for being awesome!  its all your fault!
blame me? for what?
oh lookie, another android crybaby. i like android better, but jeez. then again, it would've been the same way if iphones didn't have it yet but android did.
good morning kittens!  i hope everyone weathered the weekend ok! ;)
morning trinkets. i get another day off thanks to old man winter
good morning all.
booo ios app! get it on android and i will def buy it!
blame him for what? missing the chameleon?
@lz: i completely blame you
+1 thumbs up.
lord zombitten about 2 hours ago oh dang! i missed the chameleon! micah "zem the mattress" philson 43 minutes ago well, they're good at hiding like that. zem, you win the internet for the rest of the year!! i haven't laughed that hard in a while.
well, they're good at hiding like that.
oh dang! i missed the chameleon!
so by not going to work you can get more work done. just sounds funny to say it like that.
@prime: i am doing well. just found out it's official: public transportation will be very limited tomorrow so i will be calling out from work. that will let me get more work done
yeah, it sucks because i only have a couple inches, and that's all going to probably melt today. good thing we're getting more tomorrow.
sucks about the crazy snow.  i hope everyone is doing ok.
lucky you prime. my area is still digging out from the snow. don't think i will be going to work tomorrow
hi geist!  yep, everything else has been good.  :)
hello prime! sorry you were under the weather.  has everything else been good?
that sucks, chameleon. look forward to your videos resuming!
thanks trinkets!  other than having been sick, it's pretty good.  especially since we don't get any snow here.  ;)
as i live and breathe.  another ghost! welcome back, chameleon!!! how's it going? besides being sick.
@micah, sorry about that.  i've been sick almost every day since right after xmas.  my plan is to record another video today and it should be up tonight or tomorrow morning.
haven't seen you come up on youtube in some time. that's too bad.
hi micah.  :)
hey, chameleon! long time no see!
well, every weekday when they made them. during weekends and between seasons i just don't know what to do with my food! without them, it's just food!
hello to the kittens!  :)   i see we passed 100k comments.  lol i thought i'd make sure people know about a project that's going on now that needs a lot more people.  do you like sci-fi sandbox games?  this one looks promising/cool: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2043603103/planet-nomads/description
trinkets, i've watched gmm every day now with lunch for the past 2 1/2 years. ` that's great news, creeper! oh, out of curiosity, where has the one you found first been staying? that same shelter?
and i got my own bar in the apartment
great news creeper! i am too far away from any clubs and i am still under snow
that's so good to hear, creeper!
also had my upstairs neighbors (the ones sharing their wifi with me) convince me to walk in the blizzard last night to a hidden dive bar that was sooo much fun and so cheap!!  then we ended up dancing in the middle of 2nd avenue because there's never a chance to do that on a regular day.
hi guys! thanks so much for the reinforcement and encouragement.  worried all night.  the snow is so deep! worried about more buried kitties (if you missed it- i uncovered one trapped in a shelter).  this morning i woke up and saw paw prints in the snow- so yay!! then i saw lil'fluff- the smallest kitty- navigating her way on top of the snow.  kinda bouncing through the path i made yesterday afternoon.
@geist: that's a great idea!
@lz: will there be a milk bar in it?
i have plans to build a kitteh house. it will have a ceramic heat emitter hooked up to a thermostat in it. the walls will be insulated.
i made the slow cooker chicken, kale & quinoa soup. man, is it good! i left out the beans and added corn and broccoli with double the amount of quinoa so that it turned into a stew. my apartment smells so wonderful hours later. i will make this soup again as soon as most of this snow leaves the area.
just got done eating a huge breakfast and have a nice variety sixer of in state beers sitting in the fridge. how your situation out there, geist.
trinkets! how is your booze and food holding up?
speaking of morning, has anyone ever watched any of the good mythical morning series on youtube? i have watched a few of their shows. i found them funny. here's one where they eat the hottest pepper in the world. https://youtu.be/mb-qvfwcmyg
good morning, all. and this would be actual, not technical morning.
on the phone for 16 hours? doesn't sound ideal to me. also, technically morning.
morning kittens. i would have been on here earlier but was on the phone with a friend talking for 16 hours straight
i mean, it'd still keep them warm. and they could roast marshmallows!
i would have thought the addition of wood after that would have been a tipoff of sarcasm.
i hope you are kidding about space heaters. they are dangerous.
there are a bunch of cats on campus that've been here for years. they don't really care, but if they had a nice shelter built by a loving human, then they'd definitely stay there.  good idea! warm shelters! put a space heater in them! especially if they're wood; that's really good at insulating!
stella is my avatar.
yes, zem.  cats survive. there are tons of cats throughout wisconsin and other northern states that get tons of snow and brutally cold winters and they survive just fine.  my stella, before we rescues her,  had a litter of kittens, broken hip and frostbit ears and tail. all before she was one year old. that's a lot for a cat to endure.  8 years later,  she is a little fat ball of happy kitteh. but that's my point. cats survive harsh conditions s all the time and creeper shouldn't worry about the backyard kittehs. they will be just fine.
to be fair, though, trinkets, their cats looked more like this: http://www.catswallpapers.net/wallpapers/fluffy-norwegian-forest-cat-photo.jpg big, thick coats on huge, awesome cats. though they probably had regular ones there as well. i just love norwegian forest cats and maine coon cats. are they named that because they're big enough to hunt and eat raccoons? ;)
also, welcome back explaitten. good to see you again.  the app announcement has brought back quite a few of the corps.
melissa "taser creeper" nicole about 4 hours ago i am built to be a backyard kitty caretaker!!!! i am worried sick! fixed it for you :-)
creeper, the annual snowfall in norway is about 100". vikings kept cats around because they got rid of mice and other vermin. if cats can survive vikings and 100" of snow a year, they'll be puuurrrfectly fine :-)
well especially if the young ones have at least one older one to keep them from being obnoxious teenagers and having snowball fights or whatnot, they should be fine. do they usually explore the surrounding properties or just stay in that yard? because either way, the likelihood they would go far off is even lower now. it's not like they migrated or something. also, very important though i'm sure you know this, it's just my point of worry as compared to them being absent, don't forget to put out room temperature water. everything is frozen, so that's the hardest for them to find. not hot because it'll burn their mouths, but make sure to do that and change it every once in awhile if it freezes.
thanks for that! my intellect and emotions are battling.  even now as i look out and see the snow still piling.  i saved one trapped kitty and feel good.  i just hope these other babies found somewhere safe.
snugs creeper. i'd be right there with you freaking out while intellectually knowing the cats are ok. may they come to the shelters soon to reassure you.
i also keep holding leo up to the window and saying "do you know how lucky you are?!?!?!"
i know.  you're right.  cats are smart.  they'll figure it out.  one kitty was shocked and i'm so happy i saved her.  i'm sure half of them are under the picnic table (it's an 8-seater table with a big cover over it, to the ground)- i had put a huge bowl full of food underneath last night...i cleared a path for them this afternoon.  but..oh my heart.... i just hate knowing they're out there.  snow keeps falling.  these poor babies. i know i cant save them all.  but for some of them - this is their first winter/first snow...  and it's not that cold - and i know snow insulates..  but i'm just heartsick thinking about them.
maybe it's just that, all our cats having been outside, i'm used to them going off on ventures and then finding their way back easily within a month unharmed. heck, we had one cat that went to live at a friend's house and came back to visit us once or twice a year. they should find a way back no problem. if they were already comfortable with the shelters and you leave those cleared out, accessible, and stocked with food, they'll find their way back for sure.
i just stood in the kitchen and cried.  they can't even make it to the shelters. snow is too high.  i shoveled a path, but it's nearly covered again already.  ohhhh babies.  i hope they're somewhere safe.
just clear them out and leave food in the shelters and they'll be back soon. cats do like a home base, especially one with food.
i am not built to be a backyard kitty caretaker!!!!  i am worried sick!
you guys!!! my shelters were buried in the snow when i got home! i cleared them out.  one kitty was trapped and got out.  i don't know where the rest of the babies are. :( i know cats are smart- please remind me? i'm getting emotional.
haha, trinkets! that's amazing! i actually laughed out loud thinking about that one.
zem, where i go fishing, we usually see tons of turtles sunning themselves. usually there's some stumps that have only one turtle on them. someone always   says that they aren't turtle enough for the turtle club.
hey, pacg! lots of familiar faces coming out of nowhere these past few days! just when we were lamenting the disappearances! ` trinkets, i haven't seen it in forever, but it was a funny movie with tons of quotes. plus, the turtle club one is perfect anywhere! ` geist, i wouldn't worry. you got your food, shelter, and zombie-hunting materials, and most importantly, your apple captain morgan's. sitting inside occasionally looking out to the piles of nothingness is one of the best parts about snow. but yeah, unless sunday is like 60 degrees there, monday probably won't be the most pleasant.
one fish. two fish.
good morning geist. glad to see you are surviving  snowmageddon 2016.
not turtle enough for the turtle club? lol, zem. i've only seen a few minutes of master of disguise,  but my friends and i quote the heck out of it. i use that turtle line all the time.
morning kittens. i wake up to a foot of snow and the city at a stand still. my only question now is whether or not i will be able to get to work on monday. (i'm hoping "no" since i have the work laptop)
what? nobody on here at 5 am central? what's wrong with you guys? not turtle enough for the turtle club?
i'm only worried for all the drivers. crowds + rush hour + extra slow cautious drivers*people who get road rage in slow, heavy traffic (like me) + ice and other road conditions + people not used to driving in snow and ice + danger of driving cars in the first place (constant) = not a good sign for the times to come. there've already been plenty of crashes, which only impedes things more. that's why it'd be better here: divide that sum by we're all used to it*experience + wide open spaces for it to fall and not disturb anyone. and here you thought you were done with math like this!
meh, once the shivering is gone, it feels fine. maybe one minute of discomfort and then i may be alone, but i actually love the feeling of freezing cold air on my face. yeah, i'm probably alone there.
i love snow. but not when i have to wake up and commute in it. if the subways are running, i'm expected to show.  but i have a 15 minute walk to the train
even more gah! stahp! it's just like flaunting snow in front of my face! next you'll be saying it'll be below freezing! some people have all the luck and then don't appreciate it.  leo will probably love the snow though! you should have acquainted him with the outside area before so that now he'd see how different it is and whatever that stuff is.
aah! eugh! that new cover of mad world by gary jules or some such came on. it's not that bad, actually, just that it makes me think of the original by tears for fears, which makes me think of how amazing that song was, which makes me compare them, which makes me almost gag because the new one somehow overshadowed the original, which makes me skip that one and go to youtube to find the original to get it out of my head.
hello explaitten!  lovely seeing you here (as well as other campaigns!). geist- nyc is supposed to get 12-18 inches. leo's first snow!
the snow has begun.
geist, stahp! you have no idea how jealous i am! it may be a major and dangerous inconvenience there, but here it wouldn't be nearly so bad, and maybe even welcome! definitely wecomed by me! paltry few inches. it used to be the midwest got feet and the east coast got several inches. now, 2 years in a row, i've had only about 1 foot total each year (at least i hope it'll top off to that much or even more), and the east has had major blizzards.
how is it that ny hasn't been hit buy d.c. is now under a snowy blanket? to top it off, the snow isn't expected to stop until sunday
so wait, all these people here on a friday night and not even recognition to my cah game online idea? would you guys want to play cards against humanity together? i guess it's starting to get a bit late now, but it'd be a ton of fun. we only need 3 people to start.
you lucky easterners. we only got a few inches. i'll take any snow you don't want. and out here it won't disturb anyone. we can take alot without traffic problems like large cities have and plenty of space to throw it if it becomes too much.
sklorz wasn't telling the truth? whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! i don't believe you!
@john wrot! you do know it's against ks policy to post about your project on another campaigns comments? it also rarely works and is considered rude by most backers. i've not been here in a bit, i know you from your other projects and it's enough to take me from "considering backing" to "no way". hey creeper sorry you haven't had snow yet. we had a dusting this week. predictions for tomorrow here in nj are a foot. i'm so glad someone else does the shoveling and cleans off my car.
@bakhan that "explains" it. good to see you too. @zem yep the app sure is.
still waiting for snow in ny
you guyyyyysssss!!! our dice maker was wrong about the ancient designs!  http://www.cnet.com/news/ancient-d20-die-emerges-from-the-ashes-of-time/
not here, hopefully. you two play nice now. and would you like to have a cah game? we should find an evening it works for most of us and play a game online.
oh great. more spamming. well, two can play that game
yet again? well, he didn't take our advice nor learn from the android crybabies that nobody reads the comments but we 5 or so, but still, 3 times in a few days? this is getting annoying.
exploding kittens. hrmm. i think we need to graduate to fish ...battling to the death! - from one backer to a lot of others, i welcome you to come check it out and support us if you can: true story! link: http://bit.ly/adaptfromkittenstofish - ...and we're even releasing a free app for android this week. ...i'm just saying.
hey, we could do an online game of cah. anyone up?
think i'll make popcorn and watch a marx brothers movie. that's always a great choice!
geist de la muerte gatito about 3 hours ago saw two people jogging in the snow before the big snow fall. got some more cleaning done and now that i got some food in my belly and a drink by my side, it is time to chill. i think i will watch a few of the dvds that i purchased from the used bookstore. boondock saints is what i'll start with first and then watch the first season of flight of the conchords booze and flight of the conchords......best snow day ever!!!!!!!
now all we need to do is get cheetah butt back here. i worry about him
hi, explaitten! this app is bringing back all sorts of familiar faces!
that because they didn't have an explanitten to help them write that last update... ;) good to see you!
hey kcers long time no stop by. explaintten here (removed it from my name as it was confusing creators. i've now backed over 1,400 kickstarters). i'd like to say i'm surprised by all the android complainers but... i would have titled the update ios app and mentioned android app is in the works. there still would have been just as many complainers. some of them would have had to reword their complaint though. hey has anyone asked about when they'll be a windows phone version other than on the update itself. windows phone users always get screwed. ;) how come no one ever thinks about the fact that ios users are like guinea pigs - we usually get the apps before they are ready for real time.
yes, zem, it's a mixture of code, formulae, and conditional formatting.
that's what they're supposed to do. now if this were code we were talking about...
i love it when excel programs that i write work the way i want them to.
i'm just going to sit in this chair and do nothing for a full weekend. my ideal life.
saw two people jogging in the snow before the big snow fall. got some more cleaning done and now that i got some food in my belly and a drink by my side, it is time to chill. i think i  will watch a few of the dvds that i purchased from the used bookstore. boondock saints is what i'll start with first and then watch the first season of flight of the conchords
i see how it is. i come in and you all have somewhere else to be. maybe i'll just call up our old pal prof and go streaking again! is that what you want?! nobody wants that!
but my laptop is neither and it was relatively cheap for its capabilities, mostly since it's custom. even if i liked apple, i couldn't get a macbook or anything because i need what a gaming pc can offer. besides, anyone who works with computers knows apple is the spoiled rich kid who doesn't get along with any of the other children. it works perfect with other apple products, but if you need anything across platforms, avoid apple at all costs. it is a tired debate by now, though. ` what if, especially if they made an internet version, you could upload an avatar? then we could all use these ones there! at the least, they could make an operable internet version for the corps. maybe then we'd have some of those lamented come crawling back.
@lz: i think if people knew exactly what i do at work, their heads would explode. there is so much more to my day than what they normally see.
@geist: i meant that i wish they would learn what my job is, not necessarily everything i do while at work ;-)
the snow is finally falling in my area. time for a drink.
@lz: if that happened, the company might think they didn't need you
congratulations gm!
yay! my boss agreed to let me go home at noon. only a half day today.
i really wish people would learn what i do.
@geist: legally, if they have you work while you are on vacation, or lunch break, they are required to give you a full, uninterrupted, break that was interrupted in lieu. i also have 2 apple products(which i wish i didn't, but there isn't a better mp3 player that i can use) being an ipod, and ipad(had to get it for school, and haven't touched it since....planning on factory resetting and selling it).
sorry i haven't been on earlier today. like a dummy, i volunteered to bring a laptop home so i can work if anyone needed me. i hope this saves me from having to use my vacation leave.
re: apple phones i already have two apple products  (ipad & ipod). i refuse to have 3. plus, a phone shouldn't cost as much as rent. they are also highly attractive to thieves who like to snatched them from your hand when you are distracted. i like my samsung core prime phone. other than the cappy camera, i am well satisfied with it.
@trinkets: you had to ask? i purchased a bottle of apple flavored crown royal wednesday. i got enough food to last me a week. i plan on spending this time getting my apartment organized well ahead of spring
@bakhan: yeah, i can never get the ios to do what i want it to, so i leave it to those that enjoy it, and get confused when my parents ask me for help with theirs. also, is there a mountain avatar? that would be perfect for me.
@lz, well they have a bacon avatar, so that works for me! ;)
@gm, thats been my point all along.  its just like a preferance in anything, you like what you like.  it is a personal choice.  i won't pretend to be an expert on this stuff, all i know is my phone, computer, tablet, etc., do what i want them to, how i want them to, everytime i need them to, and on my previous platform of choice, they didn't.   also, my phone hasn't cost me a thing in the last three generations, telus offers a program called t-up and everytime there is an upgrade, i get it for free, all i have to do is give them my old phone in good/resellable condition.  so i just take it to apple, use my applecare to get a brand new one, take it in, and trade it up.  zero cost.
very true. i also think there should be special avatars for the corps.
@lz: it's quite possible, but it would be such a bad thing for me as i will be distracted quite often by it.
i do think the app should work for people playing on both platforms together. i'm pretty sure i've played games with my brother and mom, who have iphones, with my android.
@bakhan: i know it's an old and tired debate. that's just my own personal view. and i'm with lz for one of the reasons, the price. i find android is cheaper. also, i don't like the apple operating system. just doesn't work so well for me. i don't try to change anyone's views, as that is what they like. i will razz people about it, but that's as far as i go.
but what it mostly is, is what we know.
in all reality, there was one factor, just one thing, that made me decide to go with not apple products (initially). just one reason. price. i didn't need an audio-video machine, so i didn't see any reason to spend three times as much for an equal computer. that's right! i said it! apple computers and other computers with the same specs are equal! (now, with the recording and manipulation of recordings, apple has superior software, but this is a hardware comparison.) after i was thoroughly steeped in pc, i thought of other reasons to stick with what i've got, but those were all either superficial (the imac is ugly!), ridiculous (apples are for hipsters!), justification that would have worked the same in reverse if i had gone the other way (the os makes no sense; windows is easier!), or a combination of the above. in the end, it boils down to personal preference and necessity. i will always prefer the mouse with more than one button, though....
@gm, that debate is so tired!  i get it, you either like one platform or the other, but i hardly think one is trully superior to the other.  everything i run is apple, i use my mac for recording (and industry standard) and have hated pc's since windows took over and ruined everything!  so, for me it only makes sense to have an iphone as it works best for me.  in my group of friends the split is about 70% iphone to android.  i don't believe that everything apple makes is better than pc, but for what i use it for, it is.
@trinkets: but...android>apple and no one can change my mind on that.
@lz, me too! it would be a dream  come true!
iirc, iphone apps take longer to get approval. so if you want it on both formats, you would probably want to have the apple one done first. that way if  you don't get approved, you don't have a bunch of people bitching that it's only for  android. i think a lot of people make the  apple first then android.
internet capabilities, and cross-platform play....i wouldn't get any work done!
bakhan, i agree with you 100%. i'm looking forward to the internet capabilities, so we can have corps games!
i'll be at my aunt and uncle's for my grandma and great aunt's birthday. thanks for the invite though.
@gm, happy friday!  oh, i'm having a couple of people over on saturday to play either z:bp or ghostbusters, if you're interested... ;)
woah there. you mean, since i have an android phone, i can't download the app? i demand an android app! :p (morning kittens, and happy friday)
@lz, i would hope so, but who knows...  i can't really see any reason why not.  what they really need to work on is how to connect it through the internet.  if i have to play with people in the same room (and potentially same platform), i'd rather just play the real deal.  as i said yesterday, those that are bent out of shape about not getting it on android are really just delaying their bitching about it being pretty useless right now anyways.
@zem, its all good, i was just poking fun... ;)  i actually enjoy the legit questions.  its more the repetitions of the same comment such as, lack of android app, that kills me.  i mean really, the other hundred people that posted about it didn't get the message across?  my recomendation to them would be to bitch at the android peeps themselves, as this seems to be quite a common problem with their apps taking much longer to launch than ios.
and now there's a question as to whether someone with the iphone app will be able to play with someone with the android app.
at least we had the 100,000 celebration in peace. now we can go back to old times. it's actually very nice having all these others with questions, comments, and death threats for not having it on android yet.
good morning kittens! (and spammers, and sad to not have an android appers)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
4)hopefully you will be safe durring the storm.
1)geist, did you get some booze? 2)not expecting any snow until monday. 3)it seems that no matter how much snow we get, nothing is really shut down except schools.
hello trinkets. i take it your area isn't going to get snowed under? the buses in my area are preparing to shut down. any shopping that needs to be done, it has been advised to have that accomplish by noon today.
just like old times,  eh?
@maciej perucki no. you can not nope a defuse. you can nope anything else. even another nope. making it a yep.
can you play "nope" when someone uses their "defuse"? seems like the ultimate wicked thing to do.
@john, as a fisherman who practices catch and release, i do not like the idea of killing fish. sorry, but i won't be checking out that link.
good morning all. i'm going to try and go to work today. hopefully i can make it 2-4 hours. it's my short weekend, so i only need to work 2 hours. but if they need me, i'll stay up to 4.
gm, blondie was next, i think, but i just decided to be lazy right there. lz, same thing, got lazy too early. also, started counting down from below names i'd already named. i hope he checks back and realizes that within hours his link will be a page down under people who aren't here for the game itself anymore.
and where's dr p?! i noticed he wasn't on your list, zem.
that's the second time he's done that. it's like he doesn't realize that there are only six people in here most of the time.
@john wrot: spamming? really? here of all places?
exploding kittens? i think we need to graduate to fish battling to the death! - from one backer to a lot of others, i welcome you to come check it out: true story! link: http://bit.ly/adaptfromkittenstofish - ...and we're even releasing a free app for android this week. ...i'm just saying.
zem, you have the top commenter link again? this time i'll be sure and save it so.i don't need to bug you again.
house arrest,  blackhawk. collar stays.
@zem: you forgot blondie.
are you sure you want to invoke prof? ;) what about derp? cb? idle? tep? wolf, cha!, historian, calculus, catzalcoatal, explaitten,... maybe you could just look at the top commenters list like i did for one or two there.
and tchotchke!
dtq!? where are ddd and prof?
veniroth i haven't heard much about when, other than i believe only a few days from now, but it'll be exactly the same as iphone, about $2 to buy and then free in-game stuff. ` dave! how've you been? haven't seen you in months!
you know, nobody's used the litter box since halloween. not even to post halloween pictures. *accusing cough*. i still check it semi-regularly, but i must be alone. we need to do something fun there. like plan party nights. i still think finding some way to stream a movie over twitch or some such and have a collective movie night would be fun. don't know how, but who knows?
when the app does finally come out for android users will there be "free" stuff for us too? like the packs and avatars?
a  dtq sighting?  the app is bringing out all sorts of ghosts.
rest and episodes of firefly was my only remedy.
hello dave! how are you doing? are you getting any of this winter snow?
zem thanks for posting that android is coming i'm your post that you said no one would read
*gone for too long
ahoy kitten corps. i've been come for way to long. i hope all are doing well.
where's elan to hear the pleas of the people? so that he can clarify things to people who don't look hard enough to see something they had in small print for some reason rather than as a headline. when was the last time he checked in?
sean, i may be mistaken, but i'm pretty sure the idea is that everyone has it on their device, and the devices communicate via bluetooth.
glad you are feeling better trinkets. maybe you tried gm's home remedy?
hey guys, just popped in to add my voice to the cacophony of people asking for an android version. i know you're working on it, but it might chill out a lot of people if you made it clear in a separate update. definitely excited to force some coworkers to play with me(physical cards would be a little more difficult to hide than passing around a phone.)
looking in the campaign section, it says 56. you can tell by looking in the lower left of the face of the card. it will say either "1st edition" or "nsfw".
noob question: how many cards are in the regular deck?
huzzah. starting to feel human again.
i can buy 2 pbr's at a bar in town.
you could probably get a half pint of cheap rum for 2 bucks.
$2 bucks? do you know much much booze i can buy with $2 bucks. (none. that is actually the cost of a tip for one $10 cocktail)
@nicholas, and anyone else, the app is not free.  the in-app purchases are free.  yep, its gonna cost you a whopping $2! outrageous no?
anyone else having an issue downloading the free ios app?  the link in the email leads nowhere and when i search on the itunes store the app shows up with a price attached. what am i doing wrong?
yes dozens of people have asked about android. yes, in the update even, it says they're working on it. hold on to your cheetah butts, people!  ` yeah, i'm going to stop worrying. this was the last time i, of all people, am posting something like that since nobody reads these. just going to have fun with it now and all the people who get instantly butthurt and want the world to know. i know nobody bothers reading below to see if any of the several dozen others who have been here thought of it before, but (read above):
with no mushrooms :-p
@geist, now if it just came in an eu friendly, android compatible, ambidexterous, flannel sleeve... ;)
apple flavored crown royal. (just gonna leave this here)
lolz! this is too funny!
has anyone asked for an android version yet? asking for a friend.
android...
android. (just gonna leave this here)
geist, at least you have an android. i have a dumbphone, so i don't have either app store.
i think it's estimated to be a few days until they get it fixed up.
i know the site says that an android version is coming soon...but do we have a timeline?
for the record, i don't care one way or another if/when they make the app for android phones. i have three apps on my phone and i'm not worried about adding a ton more. if it happens, it happens. or not.
wow. i haven't seen this many complaints on the comment board since the card shipping.
the day after my birthday. yeah, they should have made that the title of the announcement. android coming soon!
so many comments....
@david hernandez: the backs of the cards says explosive cats in the pictures, but the actual app name is exploding kittens card game. it was also last updated(according to google play) on may 26, 2015.
have to change it from eu friendly to android friendly i guess... ;)
wow a lot of butt hurt android users... ;)  seriously though, without the internet conected, pretty useless.  i have an iphone, i have the app, still can't play cause i don't know anyone else who has the app! lolz! xp
hey, might want to put out a cease and desist to the guys at oatsoft who put an android app out there named "explosive cats."  very misleading.  they are listed as oatsoft3000@gmail.com
zem, they did mention that. in tiny letters at the bottom of the announcement. you know, the kind of letters we have learned that most people don't read.
they should have mentioned the android was coming soon. now we get to deal with the kamikaze-commenters shouting "where's my android? oh, and tora tora tora and all that." and leaving never to hear the answer.
do androids dream of electric sheep? nay, they dream of exploding kittens.
aaaaahhh!!! the return of the "where's my deck?", but it's taken a new form! it can regenerate!!!  that many comments and only 2 kc people! lz, i like those names! i think the citrus one works better because it's not fish-exclusive.
@gm: i know, right?
this is the most non-regular kc members that have been on in a long time. feels weird.
there will be a physical expansion.
android user and backer here too. why always ios first?
when exploding kittens lets you down, you deserve to have fish battling to the death! - from one backer to a lot of others, i welcome you to come check it out: true story! link: http://bit.ly/adaptfromkittenstofish - ...and we're even releasing a free app for android this week. ...i'm just saying.
there will be android. android will also have the initial free microtransaction. both have been confirmed on twitter. now that's out of the way - are there any plans on releasing the new cards as an expansion to the physical deck?
aw, why ios first?   that's only like 16% of people  : (   let me know as soon as you have it on android!!!
android version, please!
i am an android user my self and love this game. i look forward to the android app and would also like to ask that we be given a free for all period like the apple users. if not what ever, i'll still download the game and even be willing to do testing for it.
i'm sad that you decided to make it only for ios. :( i have an android phone.
o. m. g. kittens exploding on an app near us. now! except android. poor android, will the android version be soon? :)
so the app is great and all, but android? and will there also be a free-for-all period when it comes to android?
any idea when the app will be available for android?
by the way, the sauce that will either be named fiendish fish or sweet citrus sin goes great with rosemary pork chops.
i'm thinking of making a card dispensing unit that would keep the back of the card hidden until it comes out. that way, you don't need sleeves, and it would be great for games involving tall, unstable stacks of cards
@tj, i don't sleeve my cards, too annoying imo.  however, the same size sleeves as you would use for mtg, etc., would work just fine.
ambidextrous, flannel, eu friendly sleeves. with no mushrooms.
what card sleeves do you guys use if y'all use any?
if only forms were filled out properly the first time they came to us....so much back and forth getting the right information it's ridiculous. and it's not the first time, from the same site, that it's happened.
i already know i don't have an iphone or android! stop releasing beautiful apps just to rub it in!!! *grumble grumble 'pokemon go' grumble grumble*
right after i heard geist say the weather was horrible there, i went down and on the news was the storm. some people have all the luck. 30" possible?! don't put it in the city where it's not appreciated, put it in the midwest (where i just may happen to be), where there's no thousands of people in cramped spaces on busy roads and they have to practically shut down the city! most of it will be harmless and well loved here. 2 1/2 feet?! i'd be the happiest person on earth!
@geist, i've never had any issues watching anything, but i'm not exactly sure what you mean.  could you send me a link to something i shouldn't be able to see on my iphone?
at least with android i can watch the movies and shows "hosted" on other websites. can't do that with an iphone
@gm, it was outrageous! $2.74... you might need to save up for a while... ;)
@ellis: what makes you think i have a life at work?
how much was the cost? i will need to plan spending accordingly since i did buy all those clothes yesterday.
@gm, as far as i can tell within blutooth range... so pretty limited for now.  i doubt i will use this at all until it has the interwebz connectivity.  so no worries android peeps... i just got to spend my money on it first.  whoo, lucky me... ;)
close to you as in same city, or close to you as in same block/house?
sux for you guys using android.  hopefully they will get it rectified soon, and give you access to free dlc!  i already went ahead and got all the dlc as soon as i could.  problem with the app is you can only play with people close to you... no internet conectivity yet.  but i'm sure it won't be all that long before we can actually play against each other!  how awesome will that be?
wow...i was looking online at my regular gaming name...and came across a video from when i played call of duty modern warfare 3...of me getting a headshot, with a predator missile strike. brings back memories.
and i want to know if android users are going to get the same period of free dlc.
@lz: i spell it the same! i also spell it "5min of waiting for email to pop up when it was working 20min ago"
our network is all kinds of messed up this week. had an error with making a new sub-folder in outlook....closed it, and tried(5min ago) reopening. it's still thinking, and saying loading profile...is this week over yet?
how do you spell "lame?" i spell it "android coming soon"
@bill ellis: this isn't your typical bulletin-board type comment section, this is the kitten corp. we will be here until our dying breaths....or ks closes these due to it never ending, whichever comes last.
i actually find being called adorable somewhat terrifying! ;)
good god people, are you all seriously using this comments section as an old-fashioned bulletin-board?! that's adorable/terrifying. i only came here to say android exploding kittens please. carry on with your discussions of snow and sneezing.
they have a bacon avatar!  yes!!!
omg....the oatmeal launched the exploding kittens game in ios app store! yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuus!
after an hour wait in the freezing cold, a bus finally decided to grace us with it's presence. never mind that i  am already 30 minutes late for work & probably won't get there until 11 am.
we're actually have a delightfully mild winter thus far.  today its going up to 36f and 41f tomorrow! whoo hoo!  normally this time of year its around -4f!  the only down side is i'm going through washer fluid faster than gas! ;)
good morning kittens!
i hate when it freezes. well, i actually like it, just not driving when it does. until recently, all december and even january, all we had was freezing rain or melting and refreezing snow, so i've had my fair share of it.
morning kittens. the snow has now frozen over and i  have no idea how long my commute might be. if it weren't for the dentist appointment i have today, i would not be going to work.
gm, even during the off-season, or at least that's what i assume late winter or whenever you're going, will be, vegas will be crowded. at least it won't be as bad as the main tourist seasons, like the holidays and summer! remind me never to go there during those times. more like late february or early march.
also, good night kittens. time for me to enjoy a few hours of nap time.
@zem: i'm the same way with crowds. and where am i going on vacation? none other than vegas...it could definitely be crowded when we get there.
geist, i would have avoided the store even worse than the streets until they both emptied. then i'd go tomorrow for supplies, or whenever they restock if i knew. i hate lines, crowds, traffic, and anything else hordes of people bring with them. it wouldn't be worth it. i'd rather only have one packet of ramen than have to go through there during a storm raid.
meanwhile i have no idea what i'm doing. full points for a thing we have to do for lab tomorrow, a packet worth the same as a normal lab, but it's over nmr, hard to explain but you can look up the pretty graphs for fun to laugh at me. i've never known how to do this. i can't figure anything out from them. first lab of the year and i've already faceplanted.
@gm: booze to boost your immune system? i will have to try that when i visit my doctor next time
technically, there is a liquor store two blocks away from my apartment but they didn't have the crown royal apple flavor i was looking for. i found it at a liquor store next to the grocery store i shopped at tonight
we have a liquor store a 5min walk away. though, i typically enjoy my scotch to boost my immune system, and we have plenty(between my dad and myself something like 10 various bottles) here.
even though i'm sick, i'm happy a have a liquor store a block away. :):)
welp, the snow came early and harder than most people thought. traffic was bad since none of the roads were treated and the lines at the grocery store nearly reached the middle of the store. had to fight for the last chicken thigh pack. thank goodness the liquor store was stocked with plenty of booze
@creeper: cats are good at adding hair to your soup.
only another 5 days of work, then i am on vacation. can't wait to get out of the city, and just relax and have a good time.
leo is not good at cooking soup.
@bakhan- happy happy happy happy happy anniversary. happy happy happy happy happy anniversary.
@zem: i bought 2 pairs of pants, 4 shirts, and 2 blazers. regular retail ~$1,100. i saved about $500 on it.
gm, that's exactly what just happened to me.
finally caved and bought the contender, an awesome card game. like political debate cards against humanity. i only caved in because he put the formerly ks exclusive "politically incorrect" expansion deck, aka the big boy deck, up for a week because people were complaining. over 50 dollars, but i saved some money using a code from one of his livestreams for a whole $0.10 off! whoo! 10 cents! oh, and he'll sign it too for that code.
you know....i think i'm a sucker for a good sale. and, it was stuff i actually needed too. just spent more than i expected.
hope you feel better tomorrow trinkets
not much to miss. nobody remembered the cake. i wish i could sleep 15 hours, but not if you have to be sick. somehow my roommate sleeps about that much.
8 hours of sleep after i went home sick.  i've slept more today than i did last night.  15 out of the last 19 hours.  and i'm not feeling better.  my total food intake had been 2 slices of while wheat toast and some 7up. and i've missed all the anniversary fun today. well,back to bed.
@zem: cooks get very good at handling scorching hot pans, and sneezing/coughing at the exact same time. you bury your face in your shoulder/upper arm, and let the chef coat take in the germs. hence why there is always so much laundry from a kitchen(i could go an entire shift, that's 12+ hours, not getting a drop on my coat, but the sweat/sneezing/coughing make it so you want to throw it at a bucket of bleach).
happy anniversary kittens. this has been the best and most fun kickstarter ever
geist, why do you get all the snow? i only got a couple inches and serious cold. you get a couple feet! i'm definitely moving somewhere with a real winter some day. i'll miss the regularly over 100 degree change between every winter and summer, but at least they'll have snow. oppressive, white snow. i love that black ice sketch from key and peele!
happy anniversary, happy anniversary, happy anniversary haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaappy anniversaaaary!
oh yeah. happy anniversary, everyone!
ok, i've had enough. time to go swing by the liquor store since the weather man now says we are due for a foot or two of snow. after the day i have had, i flipping need it. i'll check in with you kitties in a few hours.
people who handle others' food sound like the worst people to not give sick days! thankfully most places are pretty clean and tidy, so there's not so much of a chance of contamination, but just thinking about someone coughing or sneezing on something you eat is gross enough as it is.
we get six sick days a year at my office, not too many perks here, but that is one for sure.
as gm put it-we don't really get paid sick days.  and in a restaurant- you can't call out.  there are a limited number of people on staff.  if you don't show, you screw over everyone else.
i did mean creeper. i swear i typed creeper in there! geist hasn't even been on in awhile!
@zem: i think you meant creeper. geist works in an office. :p
geist, aren't your co-workers cooks? that's not a good profession to be sick in.
how many plagues is this? i count celebrity deaths (previous and ongoing), cold, cat deaths (please be over!), and now sickness. what's next? i hope it's locust because they can't survive as long as the cold plague is ongoing.
absolutely weird but fun gm
@creeper: it's one thing for restaurant staff(who don't get paid sick days) to not stay home for it, a completely different for salaried office staff(who do get the paid sick days - 5 a year i think it is...never did ask) to go to work and get everyone else sick.
@pot: weird, but fun, right? happy anniversary everyone. :d
happy anniversary all.  it's been a weird year.
yep.  most of my coworkers had it, or are getting it.  i just yelled as someone coughed near me "stay back satan". satan did not, in fact, stay back.
happy anniversary, guys!! ive known some of you an entire year!
there is a mentioning of it on the ek fb page. i said that it is still active here.
i think we need the oatmeal to do a faith healing for us!
@creeper, sorry to hear you're sick!  i hope you're feeling better soon!
not another one! what's with everyone being sick today? at least half the office is sick(and still at the office getting everyone else sick), trinkets mentioned he was sick this morning, geist had a headache....sickness go away and leave these people alone!
you too? that makes 2 sick kittens today, i think.
sick taser is sick.
speaking of snacks, i'm glad i forgot to get chips when i got snacks monday. a big bag, usually cheetos, typically lasts 1 or 2 sittings. a big pringles can, which is as much as a big bag, lasts an hour maybe, so i had to switch. at least i can somewhat control chip eating to 3 or 4 days if i try hard. and i really had to try to quit pop because i don't even keep track when i drink it. i just go through it like water, so i try to only use water mostly.
yay...network is fixed. i can do my job...well, that lasted 5 minutes. back to filing. >.<
@gm: if i were italian i would probably have that and a bottle of vino on me at all times. alas, all i have is some bbq chicken, white rice and some cabbage that i think went a bit bad in my freezer. (explains why it taste sour)
@geist: got any fresh parmesan cheese? i could use some for my spaghetti. and a touch of hot sauce would be nice too...keep forgetting to grab a small bottle and keep it here(lz's sauce it too good to have others use it without my knowledge).
i must find my happy place. *searches for bottle of booze in handbag*
i'm actually filing stuff that hasn't been filed since uh...july last year. >.>
@gm, well after all the bs that they put you through, take a few hours pay for nothing, you deserve it!
hooray for not being able to work because everything except the internet browser is down. only have like 4 crucial items to deal with right now. woooooooooooo~
that's the way to do it.
@gm, that aftertaste is what prevents me from drinking too much!  if it tasted like regular pop, i would be in the kind of trouble that lz is talking about for sure!  its sweet enough up front to satisfy that craving, but aftertasty enough not to want to do it too often.  for me its a good compromise.  i'm well aware that diet soda has all kinds of badness in it for sure, but for me its about ballancing the dangers of too much sugar, vs. too many chemicals (in diet soda), ultimately i only tend to drink one or two diet sodas a week, so not a huge worry for me.
diet soda has a greater chance of causing type ii diabetes, anyway.
i should drink diet pop...but the taste is way off from satisfying. it leaves a very bad aftertaste in my mouth, so i get the regular pepsi, and take my time drinking it.
@gm, i normally can get away with diet pop to satisfy that craving, but they don't make a zero calorie chip (nor would i trust it anyways!). ;)
@bakhan: i'm the same way with pop normally. but i tend to keep it on the other side of the room from me most of the time. i'll have two-three sips/mouthfuls a day just for that bit of sugary goodness.
@gm, a big bag of chips will normally last me maybe two hours... seriously, i can't help myself.  pop is the same thing, thats why i normally just drink water.  something about me that i've tried to change, but now just acknowledge.  i can't be trusted around chips and pop, so i do my best to limit my exposure.  i can be my own worst enemy for sure.
@bakhan: the big bags of chips last maybe two days in my house. and unfortunately...i'm the one who eats them all. so i don't buy them very often(usually 2 bags every other month). though, i can control myself with the 591ml bottles of pop(opened one on friday, and it's still 3/4 full and sitting beside my alarm clock).
i do my best to stay away from chips.  i love them way too much!  i can't ever buy the big bags, they just make me feel too guilty. :(
@geist: were they the poutine ruffles? or the grilled steak ones? both are good, the grilled steak ones super salty, and not as good as the poutine flavoured ones.
@bakhan: my blood pressure is up a bit because of some salty potato chips i ate yesterday.
the meeting has since been canceled, at least for payroll. i think it was an accidental addition to the invite list.
@gm, wow, that seems somewhat ominus, hopefully its a surprise promotion or something!
@geist, damn, sorry to hear about the headache, must be pressure related?
morning kittens. apparently, i am supposed to be taking part in a meeting from 1pm to 5pm....no idea what it's about, but the vp of hse sent the invite. only one other person from the company other than him is in there, then two people i don't even know.
well, i must be psychic. about a half an hour ago, some flu or something just hit me big time and yet you couldn't use this ability to pick the winning lottery numbers for the kitten corps. :-p
morning kittens. i have a headache an it's only half past 10 am. *sigh* i'm ready for the snow storm.
i'd rather go to disney, but it doesn't look like thats going to happen for a long time.  the canadian dollar was at its lowest point in 13 years last night.  scary times friends!
i'd usually much rather go to work than be actually sick. though i'd still much rather not go anywhere at all.
good morning kittens! @trinkets, sorry you're sick, hopefully its not too bad!
well,  i must be psychic.  about a half an hour ago,  some flu or something just hit me big time. ugh.
good morning all. i think i need to take the day off.  i sure could use a day without going outside in the cold.
that look for a cat kind of reminds me of a few cats we had. mostly bobby and white socks, bm (before marble and her lineage). marble and her family were really colorful, though, so i'd almost forgot our normal looking kitties before her a long time ago (her name even came from how her colors looked like paint marbling in a mixer). heck, even prr and grr looked a little like that, 2 daughters of marble. thor, too, one from another cat we got after marble's family left. and thor ii, after thor died as a kitten and we found a stray kitten almost exactly like him.
even famous kitties aren't safe from the curse of jan. 2016.
@lz - i think you may have mentioned this- but leo and rafiki have almost identical markings- only leo is grey and white.  but they have the same front paws just dipped in white paint, and the back ones submerged in paint. :) same chest markings too.  awh, sweet baby.  i'm so so sorry that happened to him.  :(
meanwhile even if i had known, i don't have a good phone.
it was back in september that i got an email, asking about getting in on the testing for the app. i would have totally done it, but it wasn't for androids.
lz......so sorry.
thanks, pot
hi lz.  i just saw the post on fb and wanted to offer my condolences.  sorry for your loss.
so quiet today. after yesterday, i know you have more in you.
@creeper: thanks. yes, the other baby's name was gir.
he'll keep gir some company.  that was your other baby's name, yes?
lz-sending you some kitty love.
i'd rather redo it and not have them die than mulligan and have everyone already dead from this year. harsh winter, huh?!
i'm home now. rafiki was definitely hit by a car. the driver didn't stop.
if you think about it, assuming you have a 2,500 calorie intake per day, pretty average, that means you're burning enough energy to raise 2,500 liters of water by 1 degree celsius! another way to think of that is raising 1 liter by 2,500 degrees! i'm not wrong in that, am i?
@bakhan: not redo, mulligan. if we redo it, we have to live it all over again(loss and all). mulligan gives us the chance for things to change.
i'm voting for a 2016 redo!  this is bs we can't start a year this way!
@lz: i'm sorry to hear about the loss of the fur baby. just goes to show, 2016 has started off really bad. and if it doesn't turn itself around, it will be boycotted!
@lz, so sorry to hear that!  t_t
maybe henry the hoover doin' lines will cheer you up! http://9gag.com/gag/annazbg
and one of the eagles?! 2016 can suck it!
thanks, geist
trinkets, that's the best idea ever for broccoli and beer!  ` an app?! why did he not tell us of this?!?! we thought we were elan's friends! of course, i only have a dumbphone. ;( and why not one day earlier on the anniversary? ` another kitty gone? what are they, celebrities or something? that's too bad.
now one of the eagles?! he was only 67, not 69 like everyone else who's died this month!
oh lz. i am so sorry. you have my condolences.
i just got a phone call that rafiki, one of my cats, died.
@creeper: nope, it's five days away. mrs lz and big little lz have may birthdays, though.
lz- i thought your birthday was in may?
@lz: your birthday is one day before my "use-to-be" younger sibling's.
incidentally, the 24th is the day the new x-files premiers. happy birthday to me!
ok, my birthday is the 24th, but close enough.
available jan 21?! happy birthday to me!
@gm: i can't steal all of the milestones. :-p
i don't remember anything about that. dang, missed a great opportunity. t.t
congrats creeper. i wish i had known that. i could have tested it now that i have a smart phone.
i got an invite as a tester.  i think we had to sign up awhile back- i nearly missed it.
just googled about the ek app, apparently it will be live for ios and android jan. 21st!
squeeeeee!!!
guess i'll steal the 100,100 comment. thanks all. :p
@bakhan: hope your cellphone plan doesn't need renewal, or need to get a new one, soon. there is a rate hike coming from the big three.
extra cards? app? why didn't i know about this?
is there really an app!?!?? that's awesome! are you going to release the extra cards as an expansion for the physical game?
beer shouldn't be chewy
i don't like beer you can eat with a fork, thats why i only use guiness for cooking. ;)
@trinkets: guiness actually goes good with bison and a *hint* of orange. too much orange and you are basically drinking spoiled orange juice.
why on god's green earth, would anyone use guiness for anything other than drinking?!?! blasphemy!
well, they do say the fortune (and flavour) favour the brave... ;)
that would be good...definitely something to try!
i think that beer, broccoli and cheese soup would be awesome!  especially if you used a stout, like guiness.  the depth of flavour would we amazing!
morning kittens! beer and broccoli....not something i would normally eat. but then again, i saw a video over the weekend for buffalo cauliflower. it looks tasty, and i will have to try it(since my aunt shared it i can easily find it again).
@geist, good morning, and good luck! don't let the bastards get you down!
only 14 comments away from 100,100.
morning kittens. it's check run day so i will be cursing the fact that i didn't win the lottery. i'll check back in after quitting time.
@pot, congrats on the progress of the house!  depending on how demensionally stable the hardwood you've chosen is, you may want to aclimatize the wood for a longer period than one week.  in calgary it is very dry so the manufaturer recommends up to six weeks for anything other than red/white oak, hickory, or maple.  just something you should look into.  the waiting period will be longer or shorter depending on how much humidity is standard for your area, the more humid, the less waiting time.  if you don't properly aclimatize the wood, it may curl, cup or shrink, depending on what kind you've chosen.  just looking out for my kc brother!
good morning kittens!
how is leo, creeper?
zem, 1) drink lots of beer. 2) drunk you will think you are a giant and you are eating little trees.
good morning creeper.
morning kittens!
beer + cheese = normal combination cheese + broccoli = beautiful do they work out perfectly that way or do you need to account for beer + broccoli?
19 now with snow supposed to fall regularly until 3 pm.
beer, cheese and broccoli? now that is a winning combination.
16 degrees here morning trinkets
good morning geist
-18°. ugh
*was maybe my cell phone is mental
sorry i missed pot but i had to hop into bed as soon as i got home. snuggling under the covers wax my only goal after being in the freezing cold.
but i bet if you guys hadn't been so extra chatty today because of the 100000, then it would have happened wednesday, the 1-year launch anniversary. with extra points on the 8 minutes when we hit goal and 7 hours when we hit $1 million.
ooh! now we can look forward to 111111, 222222, ..., 123456, 654321, and other fun landmarks! 696969
pot, that's awesome! coming along great. so you just couldn't do anything inside until you get your flooring and that's why you didn't do anything today?
and now i shall fade away once again....
sorry to post and fade, i had to prepare the beer/cheese/broccoli soup for dinner and then spend some time with my wife. the house is progressing well.  nothing was done today, i'm guessing because the high today was 9 degrees.  hopefully our wood flooring will be delivered tomorrow and have a week or so to acclimate to the inside temperature. we should be getting paint on walls, tile and wood flooring installed, interior doors and trim over the next several weeks. still need to get the exterior siding finished.  we are on hold until spring on concrete and asphalt.  i can see the finished project now and i'm getting impatient.  i need to work on that.
no, ours was already pretty much waiting to go. she was really old and already conquered our entire property and drove off the neighboring cats she didn't like, so i think she got fed up with the pains of being an old outside cat and the boring monotony of nothing to do. kittykitty is a young, tough cat in a big city with lots of warm places and plenty of food and people to give food. i'm sure he's well enough off, though the territory disputes of teenagers might've put him off so he just left for a short time and will check back in the spring.
well, that's not the most positive of thoughts there, zem.  i'm sorry you went through that.  but maybe not bring it up when i'm worried for kittykitty. and yeah-that was a typo. foster mommy.
poor kitties. it's one thing to know your really old cat that disappeared just before winter is probably dead, it's another when your mom and brother finally find the body. creeper, you're his foster money? can i have some if he's not using any?
for those who sort of asked about the death certificate: http://www.sos.mo.gov/images/archives/deathcerts/1941/1941_00013134.pdf
@creeper; poor kitties in this cold weather, i feel for them.  you're doing the right thing karma-wise.
tater tots? *has flash back of high school lunches*
how's your day?  house still on schedule?
howdy, pot. i finished my bbq and tater tots and am not going back out in the freezing cold.
hello pot. i am finishing up my whole foods dinner and delaying going back out in the freezing cold.
my, my.  we are a chatty crew today when there is a major goal to beat.  how is everyone doing?
all the cats have put on their winter weight.  kittykitty is smart- doesn't trust humans or anything that could be a trap.  so i'm hoping he just found a different place to stay warm.  but i still can't help but worry.  i was his foster money for over two years.  i really miss seeing his face. :(
@creeper: i hope kitty kitty is snuggled somewhere safe at least. if new york feels anything like d.c. he will need an extra layer of fat to help keep him warm.
@geist- agreed.  i gulped down some red wine at work, took the nearest subway (though longest commute) now i'm home.  i want to work on one more shelter, though. i made five of them, plus the doghouse.  i wish there was a way i could keep their water from freezing (without buying a heating coil).  but o think i've done a pretty good job for these babies.  sad news- i haven't seen kittykitty in two weeks.  :( i hope he just camped up elsewhere. the teenagers were kind pushy.
that was a great game! we won 3-2 with 15 seconds left on ot
@bakhan: i ended up backing out of the guards of atlantis project, the exchange rate just doesn't help with that. and i do need to stop spending more on ks. saving is priority right now with the way the economy is going.
wow!  missed it!  congrats guys!
bakhan,  did you see the new faq and revised rules for eldritch horror?
sh@t, it's colder than a witch's tit outside. even standing out there for a minute is too much.
because squash is satan's dong, as lz said earlier. and lima beans are great. nothing better than succotash!!! eggplant can go into the satan's dong  category with zucchini and squash.
i normally think of nasty vegi's as things like lima beans, fidler's greens, and such.  squash was something that my parents never liked so we didn't have it growing up, but i've discovered that i really like it!  butternut squash soup!  speghetti squash, acorn squash, all so good!  i copied a restaurants idea for a chicken alfredo that had roasted fennel and carmalized butternut squash in it, so good!  i am honestly confused about why squash is a miss for so many people.
i had 99,997 with  did i get it? geist totally got it.
jeff "great cane of doom"™ saxton about 1 hour ago there are whole rafts of food that people only ate because that's all they could grow. toss enough sugar or seasoning on it, and you could possibly eat twigs and leaves. zucchini, squash, mushrooms, pumpkin, etc. all are pretty much non-edible. more truth!
lord zombitten about 1 hour ago both zucchini and squash are satan's dong true dat!
ok, now i got to go somewhere. glad i was here for the 100,000 hype though. i wonder how much i'll have to catch up on when i get back; it's been a busy day.
gm, that's perfect for 100,000! that's like exactly what this entire comment section is in a nutshell. i realized something weird about my family. of all 3 sets of grandparents (my dad was adopted as an infant), all of my grandmothers are directly german and all of my grandfathers are from the british isles, 1 brit, 1 irish, and one scotch-irish. so i just say i'm half german half a conglomeration of the british isles. i just thought it was weird how the genders were perfectly ethnically split.
i wonder if they arrested the black guy even though it was an accident.
the one death certificate that really showed the differences in era between then and now is the one where the guy got his head run over by a backing up dump truck.  it's an accident, yes -- but the death certificate has to mention the name of the driver and the fact he was black -- almost implying it should be his fault or something.
with my family being dominantly irish/scottish(practically 50/50 split on that, with others mixed in), there is bound to be some weird shit in my family background.
@gcod: as %(&@ as my family is, i'm sure there are a lot of nasty secrets.
my counting backwards gives repeated results of geist being 100k ... same comment you quote, gm
one wonders how many other family secrets are buried in the past ... for nearly every family.
...or the counter could be drunk. one way or the other.
as it sits, this is comment 100,032:  geist de la muerte gatito less than a minute ago that had to be a shock to the wife when she found out her husband had been sleeping with someone else. back in 1941, it would have been cause for a scandal. making this, comment 100,000: geist de la muerte gatito 20 minutes ago both zucchini and squash are satan's dong lol! you folks are perverts!
oh boy! 100,029! just what i'd always dreamed of!
that had to be a shock to the wife when she found out her husband had been sleeping with someone else. back in 1941, it would have been cause for a scandal.
i was wondering why i suddenly came back to nearly a full page of short comments.
by my count, cane got it, though the counter is sometimes messed up a little. i think the conversation lapsing the milestone is really fitting for us! back to the good 'ol days.
squash is actually a fruit, not a veggie. it's a berry, like pumpkins, cucumbers, and watermelons. zucchini is ok with other vegetables, but squash is satan's... manboobs? that works.
hey, if geist got the 100k comment, that means i got the 99,999 one ...which is okay by me ...
awkward indeed.  we found his death certificate from missouri, and his obit in the paper.  his wife signed her name prominently with her first married name ... and the obit says "beloved husband of ..." but i don't think he was so beloved at the end, eh?
so my mom says, well, they have way more irish on their side, maybe they were all drunk.
another fellow had his head backed over by a dump truck in 1941.  another was apparently murdered (there was an inquest with no result from the jury).
@cane: that is quite the way to go.
as long as one of the kc got the magical comment, it's all good. would have been nice if elan got it but, eh.
@gcod: that is an awkward way to die.
geist got it. i was 100,001(just as good, because it starts and ends with 1 :p)
the count is a little hard to pin down.
so i'm doing genealogies for all my family ... and found one distant cousin who died in 1926 having fallen down a flight of stairs, and fractured his skull. he died several hours later.  my cousins who are in his bloodline, without prompting tell me "there's great uncle william, he got tossed down a flight of stairs and broke his head open when the husband came home and found him ...."
"squash is a veggie in biology only, same goes for zucchini." i do believe you mean in a culinary sense; squashes (including zucchini) are fruits from a biological/botanical perspective.
counting backwards, it does look like gm got it. at the moment though, it looked like geist did ...
are you guys sure? i thought that gm actually got the 100,000 comment crown. i'm number 100,001.
i agree about flogging folks who overcook meat. i understand that restaurant chefs reserve the almost bad meat for people who like their shoe leather, since they won't know the difference
@geist, but of course!  i plan on showing that i've got some cooking chops here too! ;)
veggies are good, except that squash is a veggie in biology only, same goes for zucchini.
now rowena is saying it is nap time; she walked in, hopped on the desk, and occupied the space between chair and keyboard.
@bakhan: would you make me that dish when i visit?
congrats, geist! you did what zem has been dreaming about for almost a year! here's to shattered dreams!
@lz: those who over cook a steak need to be flogged.
@gcod: that makes sense. i mean, who would have thought snails would be edible but leave it to the french to think so.
i like a lot of veggies, just not the ones that are harvested off satan himself...
that's unfortunate. of course, steak sauce (except mad cow) exists for those who cook their meat to shoe leather
theres a vegi dish i make that has green and yellow zucchini, cherry tomatoes, onions, mushrooms and fire! cook it up on the q and its so good, so simple too!  i'm sensing ya'll aren't much into vegi's?
congrats gm. i'm always the bride's maid. never the bride.
geist nailed it ...
oh, and researching why some people did or didn't get benefit deductions is a pain.
who gets the 100,000 comment?!
both zucchini and squash are satan's dong lol! you folks are perverts!
i recall reading an account of a passenger on a spanish ship on his way to the new world in the 1500's, talking about how the meat had gone bad, but luckily the sauce hid the rancidity.
good meat needs no gravy, and usually no sauce
did i get it?
and the same goes for overly flavored gravies and sauces on meats. back in olden days, you had to use such to mask the rancid flavor of the meat itself.
the cane has his head on straight
maybe not a satanist... satanophile is probably more accurate
there are whole rafts of food that people only ate because that's all they could grow. toss enough sugar or seasoning on it, and you could possibly eat twigs and leaves.  zucchini, squash, mushrooms, pumpkin, etc. all are pretty much non-edible.
ancient cheese is the best!
so... looks like i'm a satanist then... >.>
here we are, 11 away from 100k, talking about which foods are the devil's private parts
hey! whats up with all the mushroom hate? next thing you know people will be saying they don't like licorice! ;)  cheese curds on fries, with piping hot gravy = perfection!
both zucchini and squash are satan's dong
i thought we had agreed that mushrooms were satan's testicles
i've never eaten cheese curds. especially not on fries.
i remember lz doesn't like zucchini. or was that squash? both are tasty with a little olive oil and garlic.
i don't mind the flavour of mushrooms....but the texture is disgusting as all hell.
how green does 13 year old cheddar get?  last week i had a bag of real honest to god cheese curds from the amana colony in iowa ... yummy
didn't creeper once say mushrooms are the devil's balls? i remember we had this discussion before. i'm decidedly militantly anti-mushroom.
i had no idea cheese could taste edible sitting for 13 years. bleh
@gcod: i'd say congress but that is just my opinion
note to self: if we wanna steal rowena away from gcod, slip him some mushrooms. make off with kitty when he is praying to the porcelain god.
@gcod: work. no specific one. just work in general. that's the devil's taint.
get's me to thinking though, out west, and around the world, one sees "devil's this or that" as a geologic structure.  devil's postpile, devil's tower, devil's causeway ... where would the "devil's taint" be if it were a location?  my bet goes to cleveland.
did i get it?
if ya wanna see me puke, feed me mushrooms.  mushrooms are the devil's toe jam.
mushrooms are the fungus from the devil's taint!! you take that back. i love mushrooms on my salad and sauted with some veggies in a nice olive oil. wrap in an omelette and we got breakfast.
i spent my early 20's avoiding crabs. lmao! funny trinkets.
mmmm... nebraska beef makes the best steaks. plus, we can get them hours from a cow, like how you can have seafood minutes from the ocean on the coasts, but steak there is days old and frozen. it's one of the best things about nebraska. a full steak dinner can be like $20 here compared to way more for not as good elsewhere.
@trinkets, lolz! i bet you did!  wow, $30 a lbs for cheese? must be pretty awesome? @geist, unless you really want a personalized tour of the canadian mediacal system, we'll just be avoiding creatures from the sea.  as i said, world class, sterling, organic beef, lots of it!  any cut you want, although, new york strip is my favorite, with rib eye being a close second.
good luck with 100,000 zem. i'll probably miss it.
there's only one thing i would pay $30 per pound for. the local cheese house had some 13 year old chedder. words can't describe how good it was. if they still have some, it would be about 16 years old now. probably would want north of $40 per pound now.
hey cane! come back for the 100,000 comment lottery? ` hooray for kitty shelters! ` i shouldn't be away this long on a weekday. it makes alot of catch-up work.
i love seafood, but i'm literally the furthest away from both oceans you can get at my lattitude. right in the exact middle of the continent, give or take just a couple miles.
mushrooms are the fungus from the devil's taint!!
i spent my early 20's avoiding crabs. :-p
i can tolerate a little shrimp. i avoid crab because even when i eat a little of it, my mouth feels itchy. scallops are fine. i don't eat raw oysters just because they kinds look gross. now a nice, well marbled steak cooked medium rare (leaning more toward the rare side) is sooooo good. serve it with some sauted onions and mushrooms and you got some good eating right there.
@geist, yikes!  shellfish allergies can be the worst, be careful!  i'll have to remember that for when you come up to visit!  no shellfish for you or gm.  well seeing as how this is alberta, there is no shortage of beef, we'll go that route!
$30 a pound?! good thing i have a slight allergic reaction to shellfish. too much and my face swells kinda like this: https://www.google.com/search…
@geist, frozen is frozen though, i doubt the stuff i buy in the grocery store is any fresher than what you get.  regardless, i always stock up on king and snow crab when its in season, every once in a while we get dungeness crab, which is the best for crab cakes, imo.  for a bag of king crab, its normally around $30 a pound, pretty pricey here too.
@bakhan: but you are closer to alaska which means you get all that good seafood first. they have to freeze it and ship it down to my area, which is why it so pricey.
@gm, specifically why i don't buy frozen meat!  it ruins the texture and, you can't tell if its any good before you buy it.  at least when its fresh you can see the colour of the meat and make an informed decision.  the only thing that i'll buy frozen is sea food (which wouldn't really apply in your case...), because this is alberta damn it!  we're well and far away from the ocean, sadly.
we figure the package is just one of the bad ones. you know how when you buy a box of frozen chicken breasts, there is a chance of not all of them being the nice ones...well....this whole box was like that. =/
what the heck kind of chicken are you eating gm? from the nuclear factory?
i think lzs phone has been at the sauce again. also...trying to eat chicken that tastes like its pure cartilage is disgusting. looks like i will be buying food today. -.-
yay for kirrend having hidey holes!
hello cane!! glad to see you back here!  on my break at work. i finally finally finished all the backyard kitty shelters.
well, you know, sometimes you just need a shopping cart. it's not like you can go buy one, after all.
shopping cart theft must he big out east?
@lz: tell me about it. i went to the store last night for some breakfast stuff and all of the shopping carts were gone. which was weird because there was no line at all for the register.
yes. it would be a shame to be stuck inside with no booze. especially with the run on all the stores that comes with a snow storm.
according to the weather man, we are due for 12" of snow this starting friday into saturday. time to go for a booze run before this happens.
we've had a mild winter, so the recent cold snap doesn't bother me as much. we had 11" of rain in december though, that was soggy.
as i live and breathe. .welcome back,  gcod. 10 degrees?  i'll take that.  that would be around 20° warmer than here.
99945! you guys are booking. i hope i'm at least around when you hit it. do me a favor and only make it to 99999 by tonight and then all go to bed. ;) like i said, i'm not too broken up about it. it's just going to be spamming. but more importantly, the 1 year launch birthday is in 2 days!
i'm stoked about those apocalypse figures. i look forward to the challenge.
bookshelves are always a problem. i'm lucky in that there is a local firm called "remanufactured business furniture" and i get used steelcase shelves from them.  up to 12 now ... plus various older wood ones for smaller books.
@bakhan: you could always build a suspended shelf over one side of your island. i mean, you do have lots of space there.
i need a floor to ceiling shelf to put all the extra spices and other homemade stuff i wanna make. getting said shelf up three flights of floors is another issue.
i've been trying to find a good bookshelf for my kitchen.  i want to put my cook books there, obviously, but i also want to display some of the cooler kitchen gadgets that i have.  its been a tough go!  i want something minimalist, but functional for both uses.
by the time i retire (probably won't happen but i can hope) i will probably have about that many books that are comprised of crafts, fiction and cookbooks. i wanna have something special built for my first edition autographed books.
*squeal!* how cute! but how cold is your house? cats usually don't need blanket protection when they have a year round fur coat. my two cats would sleep on top of the covers on my bed thanks to the warmth from the electric blanket that i had that kept their bottoms warm.
even worse on the books, i calculated the linear distance my bookshelves would extend if they were end-to-end.  nearly 145 feet total.  yikes.  then i realized, that's over a ten story building in height.
rowena has learned how to cuddle under the covers, now that it is ten degrees outside and i am not turning the heat up at night.  the other day i found her under a quilt on the sofa in the basement, toasty and warm. dice box guy i gave up on, they just have no clue or interest in fixing their faults.
how is rowena doing? is that dice box guy still being a douche?
hello there gcod! good to have you back. 2700 books? impressive. i should be upping my collecting as the weather gets warmer. i plan on traveling on the weekends to the different book sellers on the east coast.
otherwise i have been doing genealogies for everyone in my family ... which job only gets larger the farther back in time you go.  i was lucky, in that one set of first cousins had an easy name, and was able to tie them back to puritan times ... everyone else is mainly irish famine immigrants.
try sorting out possible duplicate books when you have 2700 books!
hey all; i have been reading occasionally what everyone has to say, but otherwise have been pretty busy living a dull life ... figured i'd pop back in and see if 100k comments had occurred yet.
@geist: i have a duplicate of a book at home, only because my friend handed it to me thinking it was mine(we were just about to head out to a movie, so i didn't check then). i'm giving it back to him thursday when we go get food.
@gm: i've a few duplicate copies of books and dvds that i've purchased simply because i've gotten that i already have a copy. (i'm going to be giving some of those duplicates away at a white elephant card game i'm going to this saturday) i think you can also list your collection on the app but i haven't figured out how to do that yet.
now i just need a secure password keeper app...so many passwords, so little memory.
@geist: that app will be awesome! no more getting to the bookstore and forgetting which book i am up to.
@gm, those apocalypse demons are going to be so sweet!  i can't wait!  they will be tough, but hopefully not too tough.  some of the sins are going to be even harder!  i spent some more time painting this weekend.  i have now finished all six heros for z:bp and started on the necromancer, then come the 64 zombies! at least those will be a bit easier... xp
@gm: it's called libib. i haven an android phone but i do believe they have an app that will work for an ipad. bakahn posted a link that had a list of different book organizing apps and i choose that one because you can also keep track of dvd's and music. i've only had a few problems with some of the bar codes that i scan for some of the books. one book i scanned listed the book in russian! other books, the bar code listed in the back tied in with a completely different book. no worries as all you have to do is put in the information manually.
@bakhan: did you look at to:7s new update? those apocalypse demon figures will be amazingly annoying to paint.
@gm, i had gotten so bad with my movie collection that i had to start a sign out book and put a limit on how many one person could borrow at a time!  chaos, i say, chaos!  fortunately now, i only have one friend that borrows movies and he's always good about it.  i've still got a few new ones that i haven't watched yet, but other than that, they are all alphabetized.  my ocpd wouldn't have it any other way... ;)
@bakhan: i had the same thing happen when we had our carpets steam cleaned a few years ago, except with movies. i *finally* have 99% of it back to how it should be organized, but there are some recent acquisitions i haven't gotten around to putting in there. and some i forgot i lent to friends that i recently got back.
@geist, thats great!  someday, i will have to do the same... sadly i will need to do a lot of work first.  when we moved into our new house, 2.5 years ago, my mother inlaw decided to help me out by putting my books away for me.  sadly, she didn't really notice that each box i had packed was alphabetically organized and labeled, and she just put books up willy nilly.  seriously, i don't think it could be any more random or heartbreaking.  i had always kept my collections organized and alphabetized, and whenever i added a new book, i just put it away where it should go.  the thought of reorganizing it all from complete random, is pretty depressing.  sigh... thanks mom... x(
i should download that app....what's it called? and does it work on android? i only have an ipod, and even that i hate. >.>
morning gm. no, mrs. bakhan need not worry. i was just so happy that he turned me on to this book app and now i can finally keep track of what i have. i'm making a guess that i have at least 300 books currently in my collection.
hockey? i think the capitols are playing this week. i can only tell when i see a sea of red shirts on the subway. i do know that overchkin has gotten 500 goals. they had some ceremony up on the tv screen of the restaurant i was at last thursday.
i never got to thank you for sending me the link to the book organizing app. i downloaded libib and it's so good! i just scan the bar code on the back of the book and all of the book's information uploads into the app. i only did a small portion of my book collection and i'm surprised that i'm up to 111 books.
my head hurts. i hate that. it's probably because i got up early to come to work early so i can go to the hockey game this afternoon. go grizzlies!
morning kittens. did i come into a love affair here?
*blushes* awww shucks!  back at you geist!
morning bakhan. btw, did i tell you how much i love you?
good morning kittens!
morning trinkets. would you do me a favor and take away the snow storm headed my way this weekend? i don't feel like fighting folks at the grocery store.
*is jeepers. my phone started early on the peppermint vodka
truth! good morning geist.
the best/worse thing about a warm comfortable bed i'd having to get out of it in winter time
that's sad. i've been dreaming of the big 100,000 since like 30,000 comments, but now i most likely won't even get to see it. i'll only come back to see it happened hours before and someone who only thinks of it as a trivial little fun event and temporary bragging rights will have it. well, at least it means something to someone else.
aaw, a race is exactly what i don't want it to be. i don't care if i get it or not if everyone's just going to be spamming. now pot is back for the first time in a long time regularly and he's mostly sticking around just for the chance at the lottery. so yeah, you never thought you'd hear me say it, but i don't care about the 100,000. i care more about the anniversaries. besides, i'll almost certainly be at class tuesday when it happens. not only do you guys comment easily 100 on a weekday, most while i'm gone, but my tuesdays are entirely full all day, really busy. i won't even be here all tomorrow.
100k race is going to be fun.
you mean attend class at my own peril? i've been here the most regularly. but wait, it might happen just before the anniversary rather than on it! oh no!
just a heads up for you zem.  i'm gonna be all up in that 100k crown race.  ignore me or it at your peril.
lol. probably.
i bet it'll be a "wers my deck?"
good night, geist. you're not the only one working tomorrow. and zem, i can't see the count on my phone unless i slide the screen over. i certainly am not going to be actively trying to get 100,000. if it isn't you, elan, or one of the other regulars, it'll be someone who pops in and reads the comments but never posts.  or someone who used to post regularly.
good to know pot. i will have to add that to the list of soups i plan on cooking in my crock pot. okay, off to bed for me. i  have to work despite the fact that it is a holiday  (one of the reasons why i hate working for a corporation) tomorrow and will have to leave the house early. night kittens.
the soup is very good, it'll be better tomorrow and the days to come.  i'm putting the remains in the freezer.  i am a fan of soup, meat and veggies in flavorful broth usually seems like a winner.
please don't take the precious (100,000) from me when i'm at classes! nooo! i called it nearly a year ago!
hehe. yeah he did.
*giggles* you said "intercourse".
hello pot! let me know how the soup turns out. i am going to try and make quinoa, chicken and kale soup in my new slow cooker this week since the weather man says we are due for a snow storm this friday.
i note we have less than three days to get to 100k comments.  we're going to have to step up our game.  i fear i have been overly lax of late.  i shall endeavour to improve my social intercourse.
so  how is everyone this cold, cold day? i am making turkey soup with barley for dinner.  utilizing the carcass of our thanksgiving bird.  my first time making turkey soup, i'll let you all know how it turns out.
typical d.c. a little snow falls and people bum rush the store
sorry, i only have 9 degrees to give, not 20.
seahawks lost. yippie!!
someone can have this sub zero crap!  i'm looking at you, zem.  i would have been happy with mid 20's. but noooooooooooo. someone had to open up their big mouth and want winter to show up.  :-p
geist, just listen to what i say about my weather. that's what you'll get in a couple days, apparently. it always matches up. though you may have more snow.
just checked the weather report. we are getting snow this friday into saturday. i'm thinking it will be no more than a few inches. no more than 6 inches but that is enough to send folks flocking to the grocery store in droves to buy up every single carton of milk and roll of toilet paper. i just got my crock pot so i need to get started making a couple of soups and stews.
morning trinkets. it's cold outside. i want it to be 50 degrees again
good morning all.
creeper, maybe this will help cheer you up. it mostly applies to kittens as well.
was very depressed about the chiefs not beating the assholes.  saw my friend's band on the les, ordered a shot of jameson with my beer - ended up being about three shots worth?  the bartender felt bad for me.  band played.  then we danced.  i need to stay awake and hydrate and eat cheese now.  leo and his giant ears are playing at the moment.
*gromit
wallace and gromet are always better.
watched shaun the sheep. it was ok. wallace and gromet was better
canes ii: the re-canining. i went with my roommate for some good 'ol midnight chicken. there were actually more people there than at 8 today.
you're really lucky. we only get below 0 for a short time tomorrow. g'nite.
off to bed. good night all.
zem, i probably won't see above 0° until tuesday afternoon.
gyyyaaahhhh!!!! dammit!!!!! is it too much to ask for, to have refs not screw the pack on calls? that was a great close game. good for carson palmer to get his first playoff win. and larry fitzgerald is a great classy player. but the refs need to call stuff when it's there and learn to correctly spot the ball. ugh. and i'm out of beer and brandy!!!! :'-(
it's so nice here. it's finally a winter wonderland. 8 with snow, just when i gave up hope. not freezing rain or melting-and-refreezing-into-black-ice, just snow below freezing finally.
it's going to be 0 at 8 am here. plenty of snow! i love it! just went down to get some canes. it was going to be me, a christian, and a devoutly catholic friend watching one of the most hilarious and heretical movies of all time, the life of brian, on the tv in the dorm wing lounge, but the tv was occupied. aaaw. well, now i'm going to watch it myself anyways. i hear it was so funny it was banned in norway! ;)
well it got cold real fast. i hopped right back into the apartment just as soon as i felt the first chill. found some great deals. $.65 xmas wrapping paper. (original price $6.99) an ornament that says "he knows when you've been drinking" for $1.99. (original price $8.00)
packers!
go pack go!!!!
sorry about the chiefs,  creeper. i hate the pats.
wow, yeah, he's way bigger now! and look at those ears!
zem, i also would like a maine coon or  a norwegian forest cat. probably leaning towards the nfc. it's a viking kitteh! !!!!!
teh leo!!!!!!!
https://www.dropbox.com/s/196cip2hn5os1ww/2016-01-10%2013.16.17.jpg…
he's a little beast.  i wish i could understand him sometimes.  he doesnt talk much.  but just now he came into the living room, sat right in front of me and gave a pathetic meow, and cocked his head.
gah! the cuteness! if i'm ever back near that area, i'm going to stop by, but only to see him. he looks better now, and bigger. dang it, i want somewhere i can have a cat. maine coon kitten, specifically. i think i just relate best with those cats; huge, but fluffy and really nice.
awwww creeper! he looks so cute! he looks so healthier now that he had put on some weight
look at his one pink jelly bean toe - https://www.dropbox.com/s/844753ewy5vz096/2015-12-19%2002.30.24.jpg…
@trinkets- i love your identity chip! no chip yet - i just got all the pricing from the vet- shots, neutering, chip, etc.  i need to budget it all out.  the collar does have his name and number on it and i take comfort in the fact that i know a lot of people on this street and they all take care of the backyard kitties - so hopefully someone would be able to spot him. zem -  i do want to do that.  i bought a harness and a leash, and once it's a little warmer and he has his shots, i'm going to walk him around the backyard to familiarize the scents, etc.  i don't want him to roam though.  a lot of ways for him to get out. but it definitely gave me a scare.  one of those "if i hadn't looked out the window" or "if he jumped down immediately" - it would ahve taken me awhile to realize he was gone. :(:(:(
happy to give them to you even though they are not my team. how is leo doing?
i need happy thoughts for the chiefs please.
well of course. then the prices aren't at least 150% the normal one. shopping for anything but normal basics like food after thanksgiving is a really bad idea.
i swear, the best christmas shopping is after christmas
so you're the one who traded their weather, geist! see, today has a high of 34, but it was like 20 yesterday. perfect! it's getting colder too. ` trinkets, i've seen that theory. and so far as i can tell, it's true. except maybe that speaking english only increases rate of heart attacks. to my knowledge, 100% of everybody dies, just that english is so difficult a language our stress levels are through the roof causing all these heart attacks.
enjoy your nap trinkets. i will be enjoying this warm 50 degree weather.
well, finally home. time for a nap and then either paint some minis or make a foamcore insert for the robinson crusoe game.
wow, that does sound good.
whenever i go to the landmark theater in d.c. i nearly always order a drink called "the international incident". it's made with bailey's, coffee flavor vodka, frangelico and kahlua. oh so good. desert and booze mixed into one
sounds almost as tasty as a whisky cherry sour.
silly trinkets. of course i would have some booze in my chocolate. that goes without saying. speaking of which, i had a cocktail last night that had apple flavored crown royal mixed with cranberry juice and lime. so damn good!
that sounds kind of fun.  but if it's anything like when i try and organize my man cave, i would be engulfed in some older books i haven't read in a while and never get finished.  or i would be drunk before i would finish.  (need some peppermint schnapps, or baileys in that hot chocolate)
howdy trinkets. happy saturday. i got up late and decided to test out the book organizer app that bakhan recommend. it works great! you scan the bar code and information about the book goes in. or you can type the info in yourself. it's a pity that i've boxed up 90% of my book collection before i  found this wonderful tool. i'll have to take a weekend and pull out each book to scan it into my phone. should be loads of fun with some jazz and hot chocolate.
recap of game night for the fellow board gamers. we played the third z:bp scenario last night. 4 of our characters died. we still won though. for some reason, we seemed to get really hosed on our search items and spawn cards. abomination first turn. ugh. second game was a 3 player clash of cultures. one of my top 5 games.  finished second. to me, it seems that 3 player games are less warlike than the 4 player games.
is this a first?  i have been on more today than zem? i suppose your still sleeping. some of us are hard at work. does anyone work saturdays besides me? creeper might. anyone else?
interesting theory. .. http://imgur.com/ay4dv5k
my identity chip is a piece of doritos that's been in my beard since 1997.
glad you were able to stop leo from getting lost. does he have an indenity chip? that way if he is turned in,the chip would have your contact information in it
of course, just after i gave up on this place.  wait, this is just a pathway to outside? to the back where you've shown your other kitties? i'd get him acquainted with that place so he knows and likes it, so if he does go off that way, he'll likely stay there. and if he doesn't and disappears, it's as likely that he'll find his way back there as it is someone will find and return him.
he had an insatiable curiosity for outside.  i have to lock him in another room if i go out back.  and when i come into the apartment i have to use my purse as a baracade and usher him backwards.  man... still upset about earlier.  close call.  at least he has his kittyconvict collar.
ok. off to sleep. goodnight creeper and anyone else who is still awake.
why am i still up?!
oh no. don't lose the leo. must keep teh kittehs inside.  ours have almost zero interest in going outside.  my stella only will if you leave the front door open while we are talking to our next door neighbor.  space ghost used to live outside but now she doesn't give a rats ass about the outside world. she does want to sneak into the garage  though. every time we open the door to the garage, she runs over and tries to get in there. but there's nothing of value to her in there that we know of. she just likes to sit in there. weirdo, lol.
almost terrifyingly lost leo.  he apparently figured out how to get to window.  i opened it (no screen) and went to bathroom.  came out and he was on the outside.  i had a huge panick attack and grabbed him in time. makes me sick...if i didn't see him?!  :( :(
hiya pot! doing well.  finished making thebackyard kitty shelters.  mild winter so far, so it wasn't urgent.  but now there are five new houses for them to stay warm in!
i'm great. 3 day weekend!
hey guys.  sorry i haven't been around much, but i've been busy.  the house is taking up a lot of time, i'm working on learning a case file for a mock trial next week and i'm trying to get some equipment put together for the barbeque team.  how's everyone doin'?
it got suddenly quiet in here. i guess the drinks did their jobs. meanwhile i didn't get a drink at chipotle only to remember i have nothing to drink here. i need to go to a store tomorrow.
@trinkets: you could at least share
wow, graced by pot on top of all of it! how you doin? ` i'm hungry, but i want to avoid the food rush at 5:30 to 7:30. dang it, if i'm too lazy to wait in a line, i won't eat for another hour at least! why must i hate lines?!
hello pot! long time, no post
less than 200 comments before 100k.  not bad people! not bad at all.
@bakhan: see i would have posted a snappy remark to gm's bartender post. it's friday and i am in a chatty mood.
sorry, geist. i couldn't wait any longer.
dammit trinkets! you beat me by 6 minutes!
aaaaaaaaaaannnnnndddd............. my drink is on!!
zem, i was on youtube and key and peele was a suggestion.
@gm: yeeesh!
sorry, saw daniel boone and just thought historic frontiersman and somehow got him confused. but yeah, even daniel boone isn't safe anymore!
did fess parker play jim bowie?
lz, oh, i actually meant the real two. if i'd've known one guy did both, i'd have gone back in time to save him until this month.
it's for remitting income withholding. each one has a case number, some exceeding the 15 character before turning it to scientific format. and because i need it to be a csv format, it screws up every time i try to do what i need to do with it. my boss just gave us a work around of adjusting the numbers to be no more than 10 characters, and if there are problems, back to square 1.
gm, what do you need excel to do?
@zem, except fess parker died a few years back, so that one kind of falls through...
geist, there was an arcade museum i went to in i think san francisco that had all the famous ones since arcade games were made, even some games back before computers. that was an awesome place! of course, though, to play them you needed at least 2 quarters. why couldn't they have stuck with the price from when they were made?!
though wait, what brought up key and peele?
trinkets, i've seen that. that one's really funny, but this might be my favorite:https://www.youtube.com/watch… and this one just comes to my head whenever i see ice or someone says black ice (alot this time of year): https://www.youtube.com/watch…
now i want...no need...to know what you were going to put!
@gm, i was about to write something really rude, and then self censored, but i figured if i told you that, you would figure it out... is that evil? ;)
not sure. my bartender will end up being some hottie who is willing to listen to me complain about my work. of course i will tip her.
@gm: who is bartending the other line?
finally the weekend. there ran old arcade exhibit that i want to go to. they will have all the old video games plus new ones. it happens once a year so i don't want to miss it.
okay....people need to form a new line separate from mine for drinks. it looks like i will be in that spot for the remainder of the year.
zem, one of my favorite key and peele skits : https://youtu.be/jxsd6ecxdug
maybe excel needs a drink?
i'm a noob to ks. lurked for a little before ek. buddy of mine had been on for a while. i would look at what he was backing. but never got on it until i saw ek.
i've been having issues with excel all afternoon not doing what it's supposed to. even doing the exact same steps that my manager did 3 minutes ago, right in front of me.
our line probably has a higher alcohol content though, so be careful! ;)  you know, a drink sounds good... and you know if i'm drinking its been a rough day!
i am my own bar. why do you think god created flask?
some people really don't realize that they are *much* newer to ks and all it's little ways of finding information than others. but, then again, not everyone does look into other projects people back(yes, i'm nosey and see if there is anything cool i may have missed).
i'm guessing if you got in gm's line you would be ok.
can i get in line? i can't have a drink, unless the line extends to canada, but i'll keep you guys company. (and maybe sneak a drink, maybe not ;)
yeah, trinkets, at first that sounded to me like "dang it, just found out abraham lincoln died!". but it turned out more like if daniel day-lewis, lincoln's actor, had died. dang it, next they'll be saying davy crockett and jim bowie died! 1836 is getting worse by the day!
if i'm 11th, i'm starting a new line.
make that 10th. i'm the first 9 in line.
@geist: you're second in line today.
dammit i need a drink!!!!! get in line. me first.
yes, zem. the actor who portrayed grizzly adams, dan haggerty.
dammit i need a drink!!!!!
the boss and i have a good boss/worker relationship. there is kind of a split in the employees of who is with the boss or who is against. the boss has my support and some of the guys i work with are arrogant and stupid. when they cross the line, i have no problem letting the boss know it. some minor boss bashing, it happens. when stuff is taken too far, i let him know.  the current t boss took over for my father when he retired. everyone likes me and my father, but not the new guy.  i was never the boss's kid and he was never dad at work. everybody knew there wasn't any preferential treatment and they respected the fact that we both work hard and smart. some of the guys just turned into assholes when the new younger guy came in.  i saw how hard my father worked at his job and making the company's reputation what it is. if they are damaging the companies reputation, that's a problem. bad rep = less jobs. less jobs=less hours. less hours = less pay and lower bonuses.  not cool.
apocalypse indeed
good job on playing it cool though.  i try to do that when i feel like someone is fishing for info.  i keep it general or just comment on common knowledge.
@trinkets: your boss asked you that? why would he put in in such a position in the first place? that makes it seem like the only reason he bought you lunch loosen you up to squeal on other workers, instead of rewarding you for a job well done.
@trinkets: at this rate, all of the good stars will be gone by march. are we sure this isn't the apocalypse?
like 150 years ago. news travels slow, huh? ah, looked it up. now we've got the deaths of two grizzly adams on our hands. can people just please stop dying?! at least robin williams had the good taste to go on his own, though i bet if he hadn't done it himself, he'd've died this month too.
grizzly adams passed away.
revenant looks good.  will need to see that one. the boss bought me lunch today! !!  and wanted to sit around and talk.  so i get a paid 2 hour lunch to boot.  he wanted to know the "dirt" going on with everyone else.  i told him that everyone is good except my delivery guy and one worker (who the boss almost fired on monday). kind of felt like i was being put in the middle of where i don't want to be.  so i told him stuff that he should have already known or wasn't surprised to hear. boss is happy i'm talking and the guys shouldn't be mad because i didn't throw anyone under the bus. walking a tight rope is exhilarating.
end up at a movie? the revenant sounds awesome. even though i know it's not going to be anything like the real story, though that was a hell of a story.
they are trying, and it seems like a decent idea. but just the dollar value($74 eb + $25-30 shipping) doesn't really sit with me all that well. you're only getting 18 miniatures, ~150-200 cards, and then however many tokens + dice. just doesn't work out to be a good investment, especially given the dollar right now.
@gm, i'm hoping for some sg's to flesh out the base pledge, but at the rate its going now, i'm not even sure its going to fund at all, so i'm still holding out, if it gets the backing point, but still not enough value for me, i'll pull it at that time.  kinda feel bad for them though...
also, i might back out of guards of atlantis. i do like the minis...but not sure if i can justify the amount.
i'll probably end up at a movie at some point this weekend. and i know we won't be moving it all today, since we don't even know when the renovations will be happening(meeting on monday to figure it out). we just want to get a bit of a head start.
@gm, good times! xp  well if you need an escape, i'm doing some painting on sunday and lots of extra zombies that could use some painting as well... ;)
@bakhan: i wish. we need to start moving furniture. we are getting our whole main floor redone with hardwood everywhere except the bathroom and laundry room, which will be tile. we're also getting renovations done in both upstairs bathrooms, so we all(4 of us) need to share the basement bathroom until those are done.
@gm, i only wish, what a bear of a week!  oh well, this weekend should be good anyways! ;)
everyone does something to kill the time. we annoy eachother. we have parties together separately.
well...is today over yet? and yes, kristen, we are a very bored(and friendly) bunch here.
we are a friendly (and bored at work) bunch kristen
....checked back in on a whim.... i'm half surprised and half not surprised at all to see that the comments are still growing here...
that's... nice to know. got any big ones? like, as big as your head?
i have a lovely bunch of coconuts
i contacted the manufacturer yesterday to see if they can help
so you just have to wing it and have it done before you go home or whenever that deadline was? that sounds delightful.
nope. there just isn't a standard method for calculating the maximum throughput of an analyzer that performs a wide variety of assays.
not even your black belt in google-fu can help you? that's when you know it's serious!
27 sweet 27! it's beautiful outside! nice and cold with a pleasant breeze. it's just a little too strong of a breeze, though. it kept blowing my jacket off to the sides since i didn't have it zipped, and that got annoying, but other than that, it's perfect here today. thanks to whoever ended up accepting my trade.
nope...
i think my clinical chemistry professor told us how to do what i need to do. i sent him an email to ask if he could help me remember.
*peeks in* ooh, i have enough time to come back! friday is awesome! though i miss last year when i had only one class on it at 10: or 11:30 so i could sleep in. ` that's a good turn of events, gm!  maybe this year will be like that. horrible news in the beginning followed by a good 'ol plot twist and a happy "the end". wait, no, it's an election year. damn.
update on the missing payroll stuff...there is only one paper check in there(and it's for someone who resigned), so it's not as bad as i thought as everyone else is on direct deposit(which i love because then there is no missing checks ever).
scotch or brandy? why not both? have i taught you nothing?
you know what i've been finding a good relaxation tool is painting!  i've really been enjoying it, to the detriment of my house work (sadly, sorta).  i've now got 4 of the 6 heros for z:bp painted up!  oh, and we're going to starwars tomorrow!  imax 3d in the "d" zone, tilting rumble seats anyone? whoo hoo!
i'll just buy a bottle of scotch, or brandy, and enjoy a few nips tonight. maybe treat myself to dinner...since it is payday.
@gm, sounds like someone turned the suck knob up to 10! ;)  hmmm whats a calming thing to say, this too shall pass (and if it doesn't, kiss that emmeffer upside the head with and aluminum baseball bat!).
someone, at a different company, received packages clearly addressed to our company, with one of the admins names on it, and signed for it(fedex can go suck it!). and, to top it off....it's the payroll. so there are checks, check stubs, and summaries all in the nice little package.
o.o
i retract the good and replace it with #^@$^&*(r^*$(@^*#$)!^*)!f"!(*%!
there goes gm playing god again :-p
good morning kittens! @bakhan: now, if it would only take the people everyone wants it to take, then we would be set for a good year. leave us the good entertainers, take the ones that are on reality tv, and take all those demented psychos that like terrorizing people.
@zem, and the rest o' the day to yourself! ;) @geist, good morning!  remember to have perspective, maybe 2016 is getting all its sh*t out of the way at the start and then it will be all good from there?  there's lots to feel sad about, lots to be worried about, and yet, lots to be thankful for as well!  i'm thankful for all of you guys!
morning bakhan
top 'o the mornin'. such an easy day today, but still 3 hours. at least you guys can be on here while you're doing stuff. when i go is the only time i'm not.
good morning kittens!
yay! mlk day off on monday! though having monday off is nothing. can we please shoot tuesday down? maybe have the blizzard of the century or something? i really don't like my tuesdays.
with the way 2016 is going, the whole year can suck it.
tgifff. good morning, geist. agreed. this week can suck it.
friday. finally. i've had enough of this week
aaaah, see, you didn't happen to mention it was composite and analyzed something already named chemistry. not that you would have even felt compelled to. i'm still going to call stuff that, though! i'll be the first poetic chemist this side of djerassi! (yes, i actually googled chemist poets. that's something you don't wake up and think about doing today)
it's the chemistry analyzer because it's what analyzes a person's blood chemistry. it uses a variety of methods, including colorimetrics, photometry, and eia, among others.
creeper, i already want a new kitten, stop making me want one more! ` lz, that's really weird. i guess there's a reason there aren't many chemistry poets, huh? ;) how do you even analyze chemistry? i thought it was like a colloquial nickname for a gc or nmr. i'm going to name all the machines like that now! "this is the air breaker-downer, and here at the end, the separator-by-weight! and if you really need to know what it is, put it in the magneto-analyzer!"
@zem: yes. it's a siemens dimension exl with lm clinical chemistry analyzer.
he sleeps next to everything.  next to my head, feet, legs.  the only time he sleeps on me is if i pick him up when he's sleeping (which he allows) then he'll curl up on me. it's quite sweet.
lz, is it really called a chemistry analyzer? because that just sounds like a funny nickname or something from a poorly made video game.
@creeper: i am surprised leo doesn't take over your pillow
i'm pretty sure it's eu friendly.  leo, however, does not care.  he usually sleeps at my feet.  he's sleeping on rug at edge of blanket.  why doesnt he like this?.... why am i yelling so much.
you guys.  if you live near costco- there is a blanket there- $17.59, and it's queen sized and it is the softest most glorious thing and i felt a little guilty buying it becasue you know.  i do not feel gulty it is wonderful!
i would have been happy with the million dollar prize. heck, even the $50,000 would have been nice
@geist: dang it, now i have to return that lambo sitting outside the office. =/
i'm great with excel. i'm just not sure of the formula to use.
and if i was an excel guru, i would create a spreadsheet that calculates it all for you. unfortunately, i'm not.
if you were wondering, i didn't win the powerball. still poor as always
i'm all mathed out today, otherwise i would try and help....probably fail miserably, but it would be a 10% try.
i'm supposed to look at our actual sample volumes and use the run times for each of the tests/panels run compared to the maximum sample capacity of my chemistry analyzer to figure out the actual maximum daily sample throughput. i'm not sure how to go about doing this.
whatcha got?
i need a math guru.
bakhan,  a few rambling questions: 1) if you have any/all expansions, do you keep those cards seperate to only use when those expansion goo's or characters are played? or have you shuffled everything together. 2) when you pick chatacters, do you random it, pick your faves, or go through and pick the investigators most likely to help? 3) which goo's have given you the most fits? 4) how many investigators do you usually have per play? it's usually 3 of us that play. we've found that the odd number of investigators is her than an even number. we occasionally will pick 2 investigators per player to remedy that.
who said eldritch, bakhan? we played last sunday. my buddy got the last expansion(under the pyramids i think) for christmas. so we put everything together and started over our pursuit to beat all of the goo's.
peppers and onions?!?!?!?! dammit, now i'm hungry!!!!
@zem, we were refering originally to a flask that looks like a smart phone i found for geist.  now we're talking about a miniture version for the phone itself, as many phones on here seem to have drinking problems... ;)
a phone case that's a small flask? or a flask that holds your phone? this is a great market! it really smells like someone's frying bell peppers and onions right now. i love having the window open and smelling the kitchen in the sorority next door! every day around this time it smells great. however, now i'm hungry. dang it!
i still fondly remember when i was using eu friendly as my nick name.... good times! ;)  i think we would need a s&s version as well... ;)
ambidextrous flannel sleeves :-d
ok. someone must have said trinkets 3 times in a row.
would it be eu friendly and come with sleeves?
oh oh they could be trinkets! trinkets trinkets!
lol, start up a ks campaign bakhan. i'll buy 20 of them.
@geist, i think you just hit on an untapped market!  phone flasks for your phone!
what the heck has my phone been drinking today? are you sure you didn't buy the phone flask that bakhan showed me? your phone could be nipping from there.
lz, of course you can't feel it. there's no true spice in american food.  if we're going video games, that's tough, but... no, i don't think i do have a single answer. i'd have to think on that for a long time.
53 and sunny. final offer. any takers? i'll throw in the fact that it feels exactly like early may if you can promise 15 f or below!
i haven't played diablo 3 since the reaper of souls(i think that's what it was called) expansion. it wasn't bad, but way too easy to get through. nice graphics is pretty much all it had going for it. i couldn't get into fallout, just not my thing. as for skyrim....f*** that! i got stuck and lost 3+ hours of gameplay(stranded on an island with no way off, couldn't swim, couldn't fast travel, no npcs anywhere around). i gave up because i couldn't be bothered to redo that stuff.
*only games what the heck has my phone been drinking  today?
since i finished ff vii a few months ago, the k ly games i have been playing are fallout 3 goy edition, skyrim, and diablo 3.
@bakhan: most shooters these days are just a rehash of another one. the one i actually enjoy(and play a match or two a night) is rainbow six siege. don't even need to play with friends. playing with a group of random people sometimes ends with you dominating the opposing team(and if that happens, your group usually stays together for the next matches until someone leaves). i can't wait to get tom clancy's the division. it's set in post-apocalyptic new york, and looks like it will be amazing.
if we are including video games, i stand by my original answer.  i'm have an age gap problem with modern video games, and i won't lie.  i just can not get into the first person shooter type games, and i find most of the other ones that i've tried are not as fun as their less flashy ancestors... ;)  and i was so eager to get the ps4 when it first came out too... :(  it makes a nice dust collector now.
@lz, i have never played any of the older zombicide versions, i just got into it with bp.  i have painted some of the heros 4/6 but haven't actually played a game yet.  can't wait to try it though!
@trinkets: well, stuff like that happens when you get dragged along from one free company(basically a guild) to another by one of your best friends. went from an almost dead fc to one where it's a little hard to follow the chat unless it's a private message/linkshell(group chat separate from general or fc chat). so we've been able to actually chat and get to know more people.
gm, you never asked the 'corps if you could have other friends ;-)
eldritch horror.  another of my faves. good call, bakhan. i was going for board games only.  but if you want to do a video gme as well, ff vii. as long as i live and breathe. yes, lz, add-on and expansions included.
i think right now my game would be zombicide...as long as i'm allowed to keep all of the add-ons i have.
i can't really even feel the spice in flamin hot cheetos.
@geist: if we are including video games...right now it would be final fantasy xiv: heavensward(the expansion to a realm reborn). all because i've been making friends on there, as well as making progress on it(still haven't done anywhere near 1/5 of the game)
@trinkets, thats hard to say, as i normally play a game until i'm pretty much sick of it.  a&a, risk, both played to death, you couldn't even tempt me to play those anymore.  a&a played it for years and years, but found it got too repetitious, granted this would have changed with the players.  risk only ends two ways for me, either everyone gangs up and takes me out first, or i win, i played that game with my parents all the time, probably starting when i was 5. some of the newer ones that i am really enjoying currently, are of course ek (do card games count?), eldrich horror (which is my game that i can lose and still love, its hard but it should be), and ghostbusters (not the hardest game, but lots of fun even with people who don't game often).
the sims 2 or 3. sorry, there isn't a board game that i like that much.
i'm not sure what mine would be honestly. i haven't had the chance to get together with friends and play a board game in a long time. last game i played, i believe was risk. ended up conquering most of the western world then working my way into australia and holing both for a long time.
*it not iy. stupid drunk phone at it again.
years ago, i might have said a&a or risk.  iy really should be caverna, for me. but it's firefly. i am not sure if there is another game that is as fun for me to play and still lose. there are tons of awesomeness that i could easily say would be my favorite and be ok with it...............but it's firefly.
probably axis&allies for me.
trinkets, you know at the last second, as i'm spamming to be safe to get 1,000,000, somebody will ask where their deck is and take it.
i would have to go with firefly from gale force 9.
*what is it? sorry
what is ut? a brand of potato chips?
@trinkets: nope. that would just make me throw up.
ok. what is everyone's favorite all-time board game? the one if you were forced to give up playing all others but one. what is ut?
so, i am having some cheetos flamin' hot fries. my mouth is begging for help. geist. the intense pain from these should numb the soreness from your mouth
someone go hunt up prime and tell him to come back here.
i dunno how good trinkets. i didn't eat breakfast, didn't bring lunch and i'm not sure if i can drink. sketchy indeed.
comment # 999,815... "only 185 more to go. it's so lonely in here. i've been the only commenter for the past 4 years....except for that one guy who popped in last week asking when he's getting his copy of exploding kittens. hello? is anyone out there? i know some people are still popping in here and reading this. elan? the oatmeal?  creeper? lord zombitten? trinkets? geist? doc? our canadian friends gm and bakhan? anyone? ugh. oh well. someday. hopefully i have the fortitude to make it to 1,000,000. " -zem
good news,  geist.
holy cow, you guys trying to get to 100,000 today or something?! more than a full page in just a few hours! i wish we had a tracker to see how many comments per day we've had since the end of the campaign. how long you think until we hit a million? i'll likely be the only one here then, old and dusty, commenting to myself like a diary or something.
back from the dentist. not as bad as i thought it would be. have to go back next week for them to finish. waiting for the soreness to go down.
ok. from what i saw, without getting too into it,  reminds me of rum & bones.
you know you want to, lz! come on....it's only one little link. one click won't hurt.
see, that's why i'm not even going to follow that link. the easiest way to survive the year is to not allow myself to be led into temptation.
i backed it mostly because those minis are awesome.
@gm, ;) sorry about that... as a punishment to myself, i have backed it as well... wouldn't have been fair otherwise...
...you suck bakhan. and i have already broken that "no more backing this year".
@gm, really! oh snap!!! on a completely unrelated note, check this out: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/697125425/guards-of-atlantis-tabletop-moba/description ;p
lz, now you need to shoot for comment 99,966.
i might have been able to back it if i hadn't dropped over $250 on the others
it's the only item i'm backing this year. if i back anything else, bakhan has permission to smack the back of my head(like you would when someone is being an idiot).
interesting. i got comment #99,666. that seems vaguely ominous.
i kind of liked teg a little more than tek. i have the deluxe edition of each of those
i would back tew, but i'm not allowed to back any games this year.
so we need to keep chatting!
i emailed the ek people and let them know we'd like it to happen on the one year anniversary. :)
i know it was discussed before, has anyone informed elan that the 100,000 comment is showing up? it would be cool if he popped in for it.
blurgh, thanks for the info.  i thought she had passed earlier as well, but the date said january 11th, so it threw me.
ok, maybe a little intention of it ;-)
i have zero intention of trying to get us there faster, or be the 100,000 comment. heck, on my phone, i can't even see the count unless i slide the screen over. i don't mind meeples. what i do mind is plastic cubes instead of wooden ones. i'm glad my friend got the early copy of clash of cultures. and i wish all the cubes in robinson crusoe were all wooden and not some of each.
@trinkets, yeah, accidentally... mmmyeah thats it! ;) i mean, its not like we're trying to get to 100 000 comments or anything...
@gm, those dogmight boxes were coolish, but not cool enough to justify that steep price, imo.  i liked them, just didn't love them, especially at $100 for the single player box (which i think would feel weird to use unless everyone had one) and $300 for the game box.  i'd need to win the powerball before i'd be comfortable with those prices.
(accidentally pushed the post comment button)
game.
lol. i'm sure he would make tiny plastic figures but it would raise the cost of the games. which i believe is against the idea of a small cheap
@gm, fair enough, i get that.  i have lots of games i can play with little ones that are safe for them that don't require meeples, so thats not an issue for me.  click clack lumberjack, mouse trap, hungry hungry hippos, bed bugs, etc.  i love those old school games, and still have many from my own childhood! ;)
@bakhan: i might just use some of the excess from my pledge(might just go for the smaller of the two wooden boxes rather than the bigger one) to add to that. after getting everything i need/want from the add-ons.
@bakhan: but the meeples are more kid friendly, since they don't have sharp edges that a little one might jab themselves with, that's what i like about it. i can play the game with my cousins kids and not worry about the little ones hurting themselves.
@gm, yeah, basically.  i mean you don't have to but, when you see a tip jar, there's always that moment where you're forced to make that decision.  i always feel a bit guilty if i don't leave something in the tip jar as i know the employees, a) appreciate it, and b) typically rely on it (at least somewhat) to pad their pay.  like i said, i kicked in $10, so not the end of the world (even though it was $14 something cad).
as far as the "tiny epic" series of games go, the meeples are what loses my attention.  i don't know why, but i just hate them.  i would rather have a crappy mini than a meeple any day.  meeples are like the sweat pants of the gaming world.  sweat pants are great if you're just slobbing around the house, but you'll never make a good impression in them.
woah, wait. you still had to "pay" for shipping through the tip? o.o
i also like how the dice are going to be for this one. they look awesome, and the test he did(salt water solution and spinning them in there) proves that they will be at least decent.
@gm, you don't see it until you are at the second last step of checking out.  it kind of felt a little bit like a guilt trip to be honest.  it shows how much the shipping will cost, even though it is supposed to be free for that level, and then it asks if you want to help cover those costs, in the form of a "tip jar".  i am probably a bit soft as i strongly believe in tipping good service, but in that instance, i wasn't sure what to do.  so i caved, c'est la vie. not a big deal, just a bit of a wut situation.
even though we have only played around 5 games of tek (i have won all 5), we all really like it. maybe more than teg, which we all really liked that. i have had the same strategy for all 5. get as much ore and build the castle (forgot it's name) card up to the top level first and end the game quickly. the other guys say they now know how to stop me, but we'll see. as long as i keep 2 meeples on my ore giving areas, shouldn't be a problem.
@trinkets: yeah, i'm backing it. i can justify the $33 us for the deluxe version. i have(i think) all of the other ones. and honestly, the way that those campaigns, as well as the fact it's a game you can play with little ones easily, makes it a group i will keep coming back to.
ks must have just been chewing on it for a while, gm.
anyone backing tiny epic western? i have played te galaxies and te kingdoms. both are really fun.
...never mind. ks didn't eat it, it just didn't show when i refreshed it.
...it looks like ks ate my comment responding to you bakhan. so here it is again: i didn't see the tip part, since i'm still waiting on more information regarding the wooden boxes(i did pledge for one, and not sure of it will be worth getting the large one or the small one) before i go to the final steps.
@bakhan: i didn't see anything like that, i'm still wondering what the wooden boxes will be like(i pledged for one, but not sure if i will get it...hopefully they let us know more details before the closing of the pm).
rip snape!  dammit!  now my wife is going to be really sad, she's still very upset about bowie...  i wonder, is it the age i'm getting to, where it seems like all the best tallent is dying off?  does every generation feel this way?
morning kittens!
creeper, wikipedia says annette died in 2013.
looks like heaven is taking all the good ones.
...and annette funicello ?!?! i didn't know that.
360ish comments to go before 100,000!!
...and annette funicello
one million in 7 hours, geist!
"nice suit. john phillips,  london. i have 2 myself. rumor is arafat buys his there."- hans gruber. you beat me to the galaxy quest quote, zem. wow. so in a short span we have lost, lemmy, bowie, and alan rickman?!!?!!
good morning kittens!
wasn't it something like $10,000 raised in 5 minutes? $1,000,000 raised in a week?
@zem - i think a year since the campaign launched is a good one.  especially how it took off immediately.  how much raise that first day?  it was so crazy!
rip dr. lazarus. by grabthor's hammer, you shall be avenged! wait a second... i think he was the same age as bowie! alert the interwebs! 69 is actually a cursed year! legend says if you're 69 in 2016, you die!
he what now? who told him he could do that? next they're going to say robin williams has died! (yes, that was sarcasm, just so i don't get any concerned replies again)
jesus. alan rickman just died. i officially hate 2016.
morning kittens. stressful day today. dentist appointment at 11 and today is a soft check run if the utilities people send me their paperwork. i'd it friday yet?
@creeper: maybe if we can get some of the old kc members to come back, we can get to 100,000 before the end of the month
nevermind, i was close. i keep thinking they started it earlier. we should have a party of some kind on the 20th, a week from today. and the day it ended. which one is the real anniversary? remember sitting around, watching the counter keep ticking up for like 2 hours after the end?
hey, i just realized, a year ago, the campaign was up and running, starting to hit news outlets.
or no one will really care but it's just a fun thing to look for.
gm, good point. bakhan, fiber will reclaim the lost food of 2 days? seriously, that's just a mystery! creeper, i know we can, but there're no plans for a party or dedications or who will get it and you know everyone will be watching and spam for it and i'll likely be at a class and get butthurt and/or really sad about it. or it could be over the weekend, i'd get it since i'm the only one there consistently, or so it seems, and then nobody will be there to hear my success. but more likely the first scenario. just saiyan.
we can do it!
c'mon guys (myself included) 400 comments in a few more days
@gm, so i finally did the folklore pm and it was pretty easy to do.  i wasn't sure what to think about the tip jar thing though.  i ended up giving them $10 but i did think it was a bit weird.  what did you think?
ever notice how that never seems to happen that they ask those questions two minutes to quitting time? happens to me all the time.  customers always get me like that too... ;) it normally takes me at least fourty minutes longer to get home too, thats the only part that actually upsets me. @zem, one word.  fiber! that is all.
sometimes i hate being the nice guy i am. spent an extra 20min at work trying(and failing) to explain something to my boss.
school?
hey... good point! why'm i not there right now?!
a falling dollar is good for tourism, but nothing else.
wow. what's going on with that? how is currency rate even determined to judge that? i hope it doesn't go any lower, though. hey, maybe on those books that only add like $2 to the price on the back for canada, you could make some money now!
i am so glad that i bought us money a long time ago. the cdn $ is now at $0.59 us per.
ah, the top is back to as annoying as it was yesterday. i don't like the numbers. it's hard to read and distracting.
chemistry analyzer? that either sounds like something from fallout 4 or a chemistry textbook scanner. ` so, this may sound really weird and kinda gross, but everything i ate sunday and monday disappeared. i pooped early sunday, i think, though maybe even as early as saturday. then, i just noticed that over a few days i never needed to again. i finally kinda had to now, but it really wasn't anything to write home about. 2 or 3 days' worth of food somehow disappeared. maybe it got lost. should i eat a ranger to rescue them?
i finally have a chance to work on figuring out the saturation point of my chemistry analyzer! i'm supposed to have that report by friday, but meetings, being a manager, and covering for sick staff have prevented that.
well i second that as well. we should start a petition.
@zem: i think it was in regards to firing the person who has been messing with the campaign updates and comments(which are back to the second version).
what, geist, the weather? well you're going to have to outbid him. where's that dern canadian winter when you finally have a good trade?!
i co-sign on what lz said.
we're sitting at ~39 right now.
i have 29 and snow
ah, i only saw the part about the graphs. most of the time i read it all, guess i skipped some this time.  i got 47 degrees. anyone want to trade? preferably if you have 20 degrees or below. and snow.
no zem, it's everyone. geist and i were talking about it earlier.
lz, you talking about the campaign, update, and comments tabs? i was just going to mention how incredibly stupid it seems. it's not just me, right?
okay, whoever keeps futzing with things needs to put it back the way it belongs and then find a different job.
maybe next time a university comes up to me and asks to sign my soul to them, i'll reconsider. i guess i should have been tipped off when i had to sign the contracts in blood. goat's blood. 666 times.
doc, i thought i remembered you getting a promotion as well some time since the campaign. i may be mistaken and my positive thinking about you already having got one is what got you the new one as well, though. ;) ` well, at least today's over. then again... i'll just start over. well, at least i don't have to go anywhere else but to eat.
guaranteed to hit the filter you wanted. exactly. this helps when the screen you are using is too small.
same here. it is easier because then you are guaranteed to hit the filter you wanted.
you're correct. i just saw that. i'm use to clicking toward the outer edge.
you can, you just need to click closer to the middle of the graph. i just tested it, it seems that it's because the thumbnails of all your backed projects is overlapping that graph.
there is currently a big glitch. when i try to click on some of the categories in my profile (like games) it won't let me. this needs to be fixed.
yeah, the new one makes it even harder to tell what's going on there.
nope. i just noticed the change. someone is smoking the wrong kind of stuff at ks.
...did they made another change to the campaign updates and comments bar? or is my browser all screwy?
how is the family doc?
@zem no the thing before was a reenlistment bonus....
@bakhan: i keep the general use areas as clean as i can, not leaving a mess....my bedroom on the other hand...kind of has stuff piled everywhere. i know where what i need is, and those things i don't use much are tucked away in other places i don't need to get into much. so, it's an organized disaster.
i get my messiness from both my grandmother and mother. my grandmother was a bit of a collector and loved collecting clothes and hats. unfortunately, it became hazardous when she got dementia and just had stuffed piled everywhere some bits of it as high as my hip. my mother is just a slob. when she got evicted from her last apartment, it took me two days (8 hours each) to clean up the place and put her few belongings in a bag to give to her. i'm trying to be better. it's one of the things i'm working on this brand new year.
uggg cleaning is the bane of my existance!  my wife grew up with a stay at home mom that basically did everything for her, so now its hard for her to keep her mess down to a minimum.  when i lived alone, my house was always clean, i learned a long time ago to clean as i go.  my wife waits until its a total disaster area to do anything about it.  it also makes it a real job to clean up as opposed to a quick 10 min tidy up.  oh well, what can you do? ;)
i need to clean out/organize my room....but i have no drive to do so. >.<
hey, sounds like you are making some good headway. we, on the other hand,  still haven't finished the living room and have started the bathroom.
howdy trinkets! feeling pretty good. i got some more organization done last night despite staying late at work yesterday. my apartment should be straight in another two weeks or so.
morning kittens!
@zem, sorry to hear about your injury.  i've banged up my elbow lots over the years, seen it turn all kinds of colors too... yellow, green, purple, etc.  some of the nastiest looking bruises i've had actually.  one time i severed a nerve bundle at my elbow that made half of my ring finger, all of my pinky, and the palm to the wrist completely numb on my right hand.  i'm right handed, so that really sucked, it took a month and a half to get the feeling back.  i could still move them but had no grip strength, try playing guitar when you can't hold a pick! ;)  hopefully you will heal quickly!
by the way my elbow is hurting, you'd think i fell directly onto it. i can't push anything with that arm. you'd be surprised how much you put pressure on your elbow without thinking. ` good morning everyone!
good morning kittens!
geist de la muerte gatito about 14 hours ago what's up doc? classic, geist!! good morning. how are you doing today?
morning
that's great, doc! a great opportunity! but wait, didn't you just get a promotion in the last couple months?
yeah, no time to read through them all today. i've had such a busy day. and even through two livestreams, i have to literally complete the final exam from last semester. i thought i was done with that. and yes, they took the answers off the site.
ohh i guess a little bit here.... i got offered a position at the army medical department for a promotion.....so i'm going to get my e-5 (sgt which is the first non commissioned officer rank) so i'm happy about that....and amedd is a great opertunity for a medic like myself. ..though i do prefer being a combat medic.....
ohh not much here how have you been?
what's up doc?
that sucks zem ....i have not done that in a long time..... knock on wood...
well that was fun. on the way from a recitation to lab, i tripped on an uneven brick. i haven't flat-out fallen in like 2 or 3 years now, 97% of the time catching myself with my off foot and the rest is on my hands, which hurts a little, but not much. this time, though, i couldn't get my left arm out of my coat pocket (i think my watch got caught), so i fell right onto my left elbow and smacked my knees. and then had 5 minutes to walk all the way to lab, including up 3 flights of stairs. and then had to check stuff in, which uses elbows. it still really hurts.
i can't click on the link (still fighting with the financial figures) but if beer isn't on that list, i'm not interested.
that's right!
@lz, you know what that list was missing (other than anything relevant...) was hot sauce!
that list made me angry.
is today over yet? when i saw pirogues in my lunch i was happy. when i realized they were straight from the frozen bag, i was saddened. raw pirogues in the microwave do not work. t.t
ah, turns out i just might have just barely enough time to eat on tuesdays! that's really good.
@gm, that list was tres lame!  i always laugh when i see things like that, or a real man... blah blah. you know what a real man thinks about your list?  you know what a real man thinks about what "real" men do?  a real man gives zero flying (or otherwise moded) effs!  a real man doesn't need to be told what he should or shouldn't have by anyone, especially a "real" man.  too funny!
but you can use something more delicious than that! i plan on making carmel vodka this weekend with some wether's originals.
okay...since i'm waiting for an admin to get back to me, i found this article(slideshow really) that kind of annoyed me. i agree with some of the items on there...but really? a "flying disc" or a "lucky charm"? i honestly have no need for either of those items! http://www.msn.com/en-ca/lifestyle/smart-living/31-things-every-man-should-own/ss-aab9k5b…
oh definitely. i'm still trying to figure out what to use my credit for(not entirely sure i want the big wooden box that i had pledged for...but might still get it).
well that certainly doesn't sound too bad.  there do seem to be some really picky/whiney people that backed folklore.  i was quite happy with the campaign and the updates, but you can never make everyone happy.  i think that some of those people need to experience what a bad ks is like to have a better perspective... ;)
i thought the pm was well put together. you can easily add/remove items with the little plus/minus beside a counter. there is a counter that shows your amount pledged as you scroll down which automatically changes with what you add, showing your credit/amount you owe. and they even put pictures beside all the items so you get a rough idea of what each is. hover your mouse over them to see a slightly larger view(still hard to see what is in it though).
@gm, haven't had a chance to check it out yet.  you?
@geist: but you can use something more delicious than that! why not cinnamon hearts, or even sour soothers(wonder how that would actually taste....excuse me while i try it with a small bottle).
candy...corn....vodka?! how can you defile such pure sweetness by adding candy corn to it?! because i have a sweet tooth? except for licorice. and candy peanuts
bakhan, what did you think of the folklore pledge manager? some people apparently thought it was, and i quote directly: i really hope greenbrier's game design skills far exceed their web design skills, as that may of been one of the worst checkout experiences i've gone through on any website in over a decade !
@gm, its all good! i was just making fun, i don't really care for beer anyways, so cider sounds better to me.  geist made the candy corn vodka herself, and has mentioned it a couple of times, i was just looking for a way to try and cheer her up, at least a little bit. ;)
that was more of a cider honestly. it didn't taste like a beer at all.
@gm, hey, you were the one drinking apple beer... just saying... ;)
candy...corn....vodka?! how can you defile such pure sweetness by adding candy corn to it?!
@geist, sorry to hear it, maybe it won't be so bad this time?  maybe some of you candy corn vodka can cheer you up when you get home? ;)
morning kittens. @zem: unless they changed the laws in the past few years, you can still drink on bourbon street. they sell hand grenades, that come in a souvenir cup(basically like a long island iced tea glass with a grenade shape at the bottom) that you take with you. even walking past police they don't say anything. you can also drink anywhere in new orleans as long as it is in a paper bag.
*waves at bakhan* how's it shaking? it's check run day which means that i'll be frazzled by the time 5 pm rolls around.
good morning kittens! you go get 'em zem!  you can do it!
hopefully good morning. not looking forward to today. not even time for lunch. see you all some time after 5 pm here.
*yawn* morning kittens
i've found a great, really funny new series to watch (an anime called "assassination classroom"), but the only good place to watch it is hulu, and you need to allow ads. this only reminds me even more of why i got adblock in the first place. there's up to like 6 minutes every episode. it's horrible. i was wary of anime after an... unsettling experience this break. i saw some weird but funny pictures from one, found it (bible black), read the synopsis (just got weirder and weirder), and then just watched assorted pieces from a few episodes. i'll be more careful next time.
love the clip.  thanks for sharing.
i've left work with a cocktail in a plastic cup.  had chucked it quickly in the trash when i saw a cop approaching on more than one occasion.
really!? wow.
no, in new orleans, there's actually a pretty strict no drinking outside of the bars rule. bourbon street is like that already, just imagine... *shudders*
yeah- it's pretty common except for maybe new orleans and las vegas.  i've had bouncers yell at me for taking my drink outside the front door of a bar.
oh, i didn't know that. of course, i've only lived in utah, the netherlands, and belgium; and in those two countries, it's perfectly legal for pedestrians to drink out in the open.
lz, restrictions on drinking in public areas is really common. that one makes sense to me. ` creeper, we know. the saddest death of 2016 already. however, the video i posted just a few comments down might help.
why you see the brown paper bag sorta cliche
that's kinda of the norm, though, isn't it? in nyc- if you take a drink outside, you can be ticketed.
no offense taken. the liquor laws here are really stupid. here's another gem: it is illegal to consume alcohol on public walkways (sidewalks, etc.); you can only do that in buildings or your own yard. they relaxed that restriction during the 2002 olympics.
@lz: so it's ok for kids to see the pretty & colorful drinks go by and get consumed by adults but not being made? that is silly. no offense but i will never buy property in utah. i'd more than likely get arrested for booze smuggling
my goblin king
why's that? food usually helps. or alcohol. or both.
sad kitten is sad.
the zion curtain is the nickname for the frosted glass partition found in most restaurants. it's because of a wacko law that children aren't allowed to see mixed drinks being prepared.
this might help the whole bowie situation: https://www.youtube.com/watch… apparently, he really did just come up with it pretty much on the spot, and most of the show was improv anyways. (not improv anywhere)
zionsville curtin? sounds like the christian version of the soviet union
i refreshed my page to be sure and now i can see the updated counters. i really don't like that. it's really hard to see and distracting. but hey, less than 500 left! who gets it?
gm, i actually rarely nap, but sometimes it gets to be too much. besides, i'm going to need all the sleep i can get. i envy my roommate: he sleeps from when i go to bed until a couple hours after i wake up, and then naps at least once throughout the day, sometimes more. when i moved back in yesterday at about 7 pm, he was already asleep and slept until about 8 am this morning. he may be part sloth.
as far as the change: i don't like it.
the worst is in bars and restaurants, though. have you ever heard of the zion curtain?
ohhhh
@geist: utah liquor laws are super messed up. any beer over 3.5 can only be sold at state liquor stores. any alcohol that isn't beer can only be sold at state liquor stores. that means whole foods isn't allowed to sell their high point beer. even trader joe's isn't allowed to sell their signature wine. it is super messed up here.
@bakhan: yup. now instead of that nice, bolded number in the brackets, it's a small green number beside what it refers to. kind of like an exponent.
i can't see it
i think i see it now, does it have anything to do with how they display the comments / updates total?
@lz: whole foods sells beer with an 11% alcohol content. very tasty, i might add
might have been too subtle for me... >.>
@gm: there was a change?
huh...anyone else notice the "subtle" change that ks did just today?
the benefit to opening is getting off at 2:30
@zem: you should train yourself to stay awake more during the day, and sleep through the night. having the odd afternoon nap isn't bad, but if you do it all the time, it's going to be much harder later on when you're working full time.
meanwhile i'm just sitting here debating whether or not i've had way too little sleep the past month and need some right now. i think i do.
@bakhan: in a first ever, the email for the pm was in my junk folder! out of all the projects i've backed, that was the first email dealing with a ks project that went there.
@geist and @lz: that's some weak water you're drinking.
or lesd
@geist: 4% is considered high in utah. most beer here is 3.5%
we leave on the 28th, and return on the 5th.
how long are you guys going for?
i think i might just leave $100 in there, since i don't want to use my credit card while down there. i'll have it in case i need it, but hope i don't.
@gm, good man!
@bakhan: i've had money in a us account for the past year or so. right now i have $900 us in there, and i'm not even going to empty it before i go. i will take most of it, but not all.
@gm, i hope the dollar recovers a bit before you go, now down to $0.70 usd... yikes!
i hate when i get a piece of kale stuck in my back teeth. unfortunately, the kale salad it's from is too damned delicious not to eat. >.<
unless it went to my junk email(highly unlikely) then it's still on it's way. hopefully today.
@gm, i've got my pledge manager for folklore (got it on lunch) haven't looked at it yet though, too hard on the phone imo.
also, 17 more days until vacation. can't wait.
why can't i have the email i'm waiting for already? i want to fill out the pledge manager and get my rewards sooner(i know i'm dreaming, but still!)
i say when we make the kc fund for making your dreams come true, we do it all in one building. a library with a bakery (it's actually a somewhat common combination, though we'd have to add a coffee shop for fun) and you can buy hot sauce, though those headquarters would probably be in an office upstairs. i'd just work for all of them, like a general employee, because i'm too lazy to have dreams. maybe something to do with travel.
other than bowie, just tired. today is easy. tomorrow's going to suck. 8:30 to 4:30 of solid classes, twice i have 10 minutes to cross campus. no time for lunch, either. tuesdays are going to suck. wednesday is the day i try to make my hell day, but it was unavoidable this time. and 2 really difficult-to-learn-from professors i've had before.
that is why you go down to the local pub and have a draft or two. beer with a low alcohol content of 4% is safe enough.
only if you get caught.
eh...drinking on the job is frowned upon...
miller time!
it's break time, woohoo!
i'll have to try that when i get home since i already have the program uploaded to my ipod.
@geist: i think it's under settings>wi-fi when you're connected to a wi-fi. but i can't be sure, as i never take my ipod off of airplane mode, and it's the only apple product i own.
i've actually tried to use the readerware one and it always ask for the ip address but i can't figure out how to provide one through my ipad.
i liked the idea that you can scan the barcodes, that should really help speed it up!  i don't know my exact count of books, it is many though.  i can completely fill four large bookshelves and half of a fifth one.  i haven't bought a new book in a couple of years, i still have a huge back log of reading to do.
thank you bakhan. i'm looking at each choice and will probably download one this week. i'd love to know exactly how many book i have. (not enough) this year, my goal is to travel the u.s. (and then the world) visiting every independent and used bookstore i can. when the weather gets warmer, i plan on going to new york or pittsburgh and visiting some of the used bookstores there. i hear boston has a ton of used bookstores.
@geist/gm, check this out:  http://www.adweek.com/galleycat/5-apps-to-help-you-track-your-personal-libraries/80866
@gm: if i didn't win the lottery, than the kc would start up our own little ks business. each participating member would be allowed to try to make a product a reality. lz with his sauce. creeper with her baking. me with a bookstore and so on. *sigh* for two bucks a pop, i can dream.
i won't be able to retire, true, but when the kc pool wins, multiple people will be able to buy a lifetime supply of sauce!
@lz: aww...that means we can't retire if more of the kc buys tickets. @geist: i need to do something like that. i always forget which ones i'm up to in a series, so i don't pick up any when i'm there, then i finish what i have and move onto something else. i really do need to get that, and just update the latest book i have from each series to be able to check.
i'm emailing label printing companies today to get quotes. i live in a state that doesn't do lottery, unfortunately.
hello gm. i got some more stuff organized this weekend although you wouldn't it know it to look at my apartment. i'm slowly but surely chipping away at the mess. i need to find a book organizer app. i downloaded one on my ipod but it doesn't work very well. i need one because i keep forgetting what books i already have an end up buying duplicate copies.
@gm, yep yep, can't wait for that as i am at the toppest tier myself! ;)
so, booming hot sauce empire funded by the peoples of the usa coming soon? lz you have your powerball ticket ready to cash in on that $1.3b?
nice, i can't wait to get the others, and the pledge manager for folklore(should be receiving it early this week as they are starting with the top tiers, and moving down)
@gm, not too bad, bowie aside.  got some painting in this weekend, so that was pretty good.  started in on my z:bp hero's minis.  two of six completed, and one started with just dry brushing and finishing details left.  i've really missed painting!
morning kittens. aside from the loss of the great david bowie, how is everyone?
@lz: yea my phone was so sad over bowie's passing that it started early with the incorrect words.
*sick she was. why would my phone think i meant docu when i typed sick? docu isn't even a word!
yesterday at about 3:30 pm, my phone rang. it was my opening-shift employee telling me how docu she was. i had to get up at 5:30 to cover for her. then i learned about david bowie. today can suck it.
good morning kittens! i wasn't ready for that.  that is really sad!  rip bowie, you were loved, and you will be greatly missed!
oh come on, really? bowie too? 2016 wanted to be a new, different year, so it's making sure nobody famous before it is still around to say differently.
morning trinkets. finshed redecorating?
good morning geist.
https://youtu.be/iyyrh4apxdo
*pissing
r.i.p. david bowie. i'm going to be listening to your music most the day and remembering. 2016, you are seriously posing me off. first natalie cole and now the duke? you get no more of my long gone youth for the rest of the year.
i wouldn't have even thought of making them that way. i would just use the heat source you used to heat the knife, and maybe a knife to make sure it separates nicely. especially a hot, direct flame, like a lighter turned up or something like that. i was thinking this thing i got that makes a lighter a blowtorch, but not everyone is cool enough to have one of those!  http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0187/2004/products/img_8577-small.jpg…
i thought i had sent a comment-  i was touching a hot knife becasue i was using that to cut the big plastic tubs for the shelters.  i don't have a jigsaw or dremmel.  this was my best bet.  they're a bit tough to make this way.  only finished two (had to cut four doors)
back at last, unfortunately. 5 more minutes! wow, my keyboard is so much nicer and smoother! i didn't bring it because it's big and not necessary.
one of the reasons we replaced it is because occasionally an animal would get up there. several mice, hundreds of insects, and even 2 snakes! we found a rats' nest when taking it down... mmm, rat poop. thank god for vacuum cleaners! and so we didn't get insulation and dirt in our lungs or eyes (which they still did a little), we had to wear masks and goggles. it's alot of fun when just breathing fogs up the goggles too much to see at all.
mice & poop? i'm trying not to think how much of that got into people's food.
zem, ceiling stuff totally sucks. once a friend and i had to completely gut the inside of a chinese restaurant so someone else could move in. taking down all that suspended ceiling tile, gridwork, and then the sheet rock above....my shoulders hurt for days. and it was really, really gross. like tons of dead mice and mice poop falling on us gross.
you would think so, wouldn't you geist.  she's chaos, i'm order. she has no start to finish plan in place. it's all crazy randomness. i am very structured when it comes to tasks. a-> b->c.... watching her mow lawn makes my brain itch in certain places that shouldn't.
last time we remodeled a room, we literally tore it apart and redecorated. we even took out the original ceiling and used the roof with enough space for insulation and a new, nice ceiling. ceiling work sucks. literally just hours of standing with your arms above your head.
@trinkets: correct. although redecorating a living room sounds more fun and with two people, much faster
weekends are like a party here! i'm bringing back up my idea of a corps movie night thing where we all like watch a movie simultaneously and comment about it. or maybe even use twitch or something like that.
well, after all the rest of the stuff, my day is now just sitting around, waiting until i go back tomorrow and start back up monday. i don't want to leave!
i am also about to have "fun". the wife would is determined we tear the living room apart and redecorate it.
geist, i understand that too mean you are not having fun?
i'm doing some early spring cleaning/organizing. such fun.
that and i didn't have to go in to work.
well, it's kind of turning around, but it's still kind of one of those days when you'd rather not woken up until tomorrow. but it's hard to stay mad when this was one of the first things i saw this morning: http://9gag.com/gag/aa11qrd/hedgehog-boops
and, we got to play the second scenario of zombicide-black-plague last night. they really did a good job with the changes and additions they made.
that's almost better than so many things going wrong that woke me up. ugh. had to go in to work for an hour on my day off. but while i was there, i was able to spray varnish my imperial assault: twin shadows expansion figures. now we can finally play the mini campaign!!
well, this isn't a great day. so many things went wrong before i even woke up.
yeah, how does a hot knife help with building kitty shelters anyways?  oh, and say hi to leo from me! call him nugget.
yeah, but you know, i'm not a cook for a living, so all i"m doing these days is cooking with my brother. we have all the good processed crap food and its just us because half our family is in chile on vacation, so we get to cook the fun horrible good stuff.
hello creeper. what are you doing touching a hot knife?
umm....that sounds amazing.
mmmm... mozzarella and garlic salt on hamburger buns, pepperjax meat phillies, and half a pound of bacon! the only things that could make this better are milk, coffee, and a movie. oh wait!
@trinkets- thanks about leo.  i think he's pretty damn cute too.  though i miss his tiny little baked potato size.
and what gm said about chefs and fast food- so true.
hi kittens.  building shelters for backyard kitties.  put three fingers on a hot knife.  i iz in pain.
yeah, modern work methods don't quite work. refer to adam ruins everything, the office episode, to understand why so much is messed up.  mmmmmm... fooooood... i want another pizza, but it's like $13 apiece for me and my brother to get a medium meatlover's pizza and medium cheesesticks from the local gas station.
haha! someone questioned several nitpicky things about the bible on a meme site, so i responded with a bit over 1,600 characters of corrections and explanations. i think i covered most of it!
and you got paid for it. that is how you pull one over on the man.
and that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you procrastinate your way through a friday. i think i did 3 hours of work in total today. even did some reporting for the cfo in the last 20mins.
wind chill is the best!! trinkets is heavy in the sauce again.
@gm: nothing in d.c. will match the coldness of canada. i've mentioned we are wimps when it comes to handling cold, snow and ice and i will admit being one of those people.
wind chill is the best!!  :-p
oh, and that's not accounting for any potential wind. that's the temperature my phone shows me while i'm sitting at me desk.
@geist: -17c cold? or as you would say, 1.4f.
oh great. now i want a juicy burger. if it wasn't so cold outside i'd go here. http://goodstuffeatery.com/locations/georgetown
my lunch? leftover pizza from yesterday. boom! you're all just jealous!
i ended up having the bacon cheddar fat burger. with a boylan's root beer. it was delicious. also, with what i said yesterday about getting ~50 emails on a slow day, this day is dead. i've gotten less than 10 all day.
lol guys! fatburger started in the states... here's the wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fatburger i remember it being a big deal because it was from the states.  they call them fat, because they are large burgers, not what they do to your waste line.  they actually use lean beef.  not a bad option as the patties are made fresh from scratch. my lunch today?  homemade (completely from scratch including the vegetable stock) carrot and mussel soup!  so crazy good!
i've had enough strange brew, red green, arrogant worms, and anything else canadian you can think of that they didn't exile to america to know the proper usage of eh as well. also, it's not "it's okay", it's "it's ok-eh". i don't think there could be a fat burger in america. for one, it's redundant, and two, imagine all the people. they don't want people to tell them what they're eating is fat, so there'd be an uprising against it.
@trinkets: yeah, but that was stepping from a warm bus to slushy sidewalk. i think part of it is from all the years living where we do with the ice rink of a road we get, and working all those years in kitchens on greasy floors.
+ 2,000,000 for bob and doug mckenzie. my fantasy hockey team is called  the hosers. my avatar for it is a pic of bob and doug when they were under arrest.
also, + 1,000,000 for red green.
bakhan , no problem. lots of my family by milwaukee say,"eh" all the time. lunch is pizza and salad. didn't you jack your leg up a little bit ago, gm?
@geist: i usually do eat home cooked lunches. we ran out of left overs, though.
@geist: 99% of the time, people who are talented in the kitchen enjoy the processed food more often. unless it could trigger their allergies, or they are really eating healthy. practically all cooks(from chef down to a line cook) don't do any cooking when they get home because they spend more than enough time doing so at work.
i think we have fat burgers in the u.s. i know that name rings a bell. i'm trying to leave the processed foods alone. getting too old to enjoy a whole bag of cheetos by myself. for a guy who is a talented in the kitchen as you lz, i'm surprised you don't walk into the office with a home made goodie monday through friday.
my lunch is probably going to be a burger from fat burger...or something else in the food court near it. don't know yet.
that's better than my lunch. i get pizza rolls and flamin hot cheetos
greeters at the airport? that would make me feel like a queen! aw, i hope that i'm still active when i get in my 70's and all. i don't want to feel like i have to be greeter at walmart because i'm bored with life.
@bakhan: bbq chicken thigh, steamed rice and cabbage.
@bakhan: right, unless the canadian in question is scott. he's a dick.
@lz, thanks, eh? sorry about the excessive "eh's" (the true mark of a canadian is our compulsion to appolgize for pretty much everything, sorry i'm alive, eh?) ;)
@geist, almost...  whatcha having today?
@geist, no they're the greeters at the airport.  typically a bunch of grey hairs with nothing better to do.  they wear white stetson cowboy hats, as a tribute to calgary's claim to fame, the stampede (the biggest outdoor show on earth, blah blah).
is it lunch time yet?
it's okay, eh?
@lz/trinkets, oops! my bad, eh?
okay, i listened to the great white north album enough that i used to have the listener's portion of the "you are our guest" segment memorized...
but i've watched a lot of red green and watched/listened to some bob and doug mckenzie, so i've become familiar with the proper use of eh
bakhan, it was me. "lord zombitten 4 days ago i better get on that, then, eh?"
@geist: i might have one of those doughnuts. i'm not a fan of crème brule as is, so i probably wouldn't have more than one. @trinkets: i almost fall at least 15 times a year. my cul-de-sac turns practically to ice every year during the melting and freezing that constantly happens. last time i fell, i landed on my elbow and it went numb for a few hours, then hurt like a mother after.
@trinkets: a couple of years ago i slipped on the ice and fell on my tail bone. hurt like heck for a solid month. @bakhan: white hats? is that like the mounties but for the city area?
@geist, you'd better or we're (gm and i) are leaving you with the white hats at the airport! ;) @trinkets, hope you feel better soon!  and on a secondary note, nice useage of h-e-double hockey sticks, are you trying to become and honorary canadian?  last week you were using eh properly in a sentance too, iirc...  ;)
ouch. i slipped and fell on the ice yesterday. now my arm, back, and neck are sore as h-e-double hockey sticks.
bakhan, when i visit canada, i promise to bring a dozen of those donuts for you and gm to enjoy
*special announcement* no pants day is this coming sunday. emprov everywhere has a listing of states and cities that are participating this year.
i deserve a creme brule donut (looking at you geist!) ;)
i deserve a homemade poptart
i want more than megalomania; because i deserve more!
morning kittens! @trinkets: i would say clothing. not that i'm buying name brands, but i will pay for quality clothing rather than replacing items every few months when they wear out.
morning bakhan. i have to agree with you there. heinz is my go to ketchup, sugar be damned.
@lz, also, megalomania, is its own reward!
good morning kittens!
@lz, in general, i would say all cooking ingredients.  never buy canned or frozen if there is fresh, meat, vegitables, fruits, etc.  but specifically, if i could only pick one... ketchup! heinz , there are no other kindz!
if you have dry skin like me, cheap soap won't do. the hand crafted stuff tends to have more moisturizers than dial or irish spring soap.
you can be anything you want to, lz.
why do i only get one? i can be pretentious about multiple things.
well then why'd you mention it? should've been more vague. either way, now it's fought club.
*fight
i don't talk about fought club
trinkets, you've never seen fight club then?
lz, you only get one.
soap. that's interesting. i have never considered getting high end soap.
as far as tp goes: my below region can't tell the difference so i  usually buy the cheap stuff
i would say beer but i have been known to drink corona from time to time.
@trinkets: soap i don't shower using the crap one would purchase in the grocery store. i usually pay about  $4.00 to $5.00 per bar but my skin doesn't feel dry and i help support a small business
yes, tp is another one.
that was weird. not even my computer knows why it just shut down unexpectedly! i use email for class stuff all the time, but i usually only have to deal with like 10-20 per day. i don't think i care that much about almost anything. i'm sure there's a few things i only get the best of, but most stuff i can deal with the second best even if the rest is horrible. maybe computers? i really only want the best i can afford at the time. maybe when i'm the richest on earth i'll make a quantum or chemical computer just to brag about it. and have a stadium screen as my monitor. pc master race here i come!
*sand paper
cream cheese.  good to know. i don't use much,  but i'm take your word for it.  mine is toilet paper. might as well use and paper if you are buying the cheap stuff.
@trinkets: cream cheese. anything other than the best is utterly inedible shite.
@lz: so it's the electronic equivalent of saying "whoops! my bad!"
ok. i have a question for everyone. what is the one thing that you always buy the best of? no exceptions. it's either the best or not at all.
creeper, leo is totes adorbs!!! and we have had wwwaaaayyyy worse discussions on here than boobs on a train.
she requested a retraction, but it had already been seen by who knows how many people.
@lz: has the lady said anything yet? like "whoops! "
on a slow day i tend to get ~50 emails. on a busy day it can be upwards of 300.
once you get into the corporate world, it becomes impossible to avoid email.
i've never had that problem since i rarely even email.
i see
it was more in the way she worded it...kind of like she was overworked when she was one of the three admins at the division.
i think i'd rather have the whole company know that i was resigning than that i was going bankrupt
yeah, me too. this is exactly why...
@lz: we had a branch admin send an email to the entire company resigning....the it manager quickly went in and deleted the entire thing.
@lz: i can honestly say i've never made that mistake since i always make sure to check who i am sending my email to.
a lady just announced to the whole company that she's filing bankruptcy and can't afford her rent!
holy crap! people need to be careful with the reply all button!
the weather can't decide whether it's freezing or not. it's either heavily raining, snowing in those big clumps that explode on impact, or none of the above. tons of slush, and tonight there's going to be tons of ice. this is like the 8th or 9th time this winter that we've had freezing rain or melting snow that froze overnight. tons of driving on ice, but only twice has it actually legitimately snowed.
@creeper: sorry...i been single too long. >.<
no response yet! the creator clearly doesn't care about us!
@gm - yeah, caught that.  i can see how they looked weird. and geist- i know!  it was more of the "i saw a nice pair on the train today"  *shoots a glare at gm*
@lz- haaahaha.  nailed it.
@creator: what will it take to get matt inman to do the label art for my hot sauce?
wait! i know how to get an answer!
@creeper: yeah, it was a preview for a shader being developed for a game i backed on here, and the picture they showed, at least for me, the girl looked lopsided in the chest area.
nothing wrong with boobs. i have them and give them a hug everyday even though they don't do anything but lay there. (lazy good for nothings!)
*sqeals* that sounds so cute! and i love the fact that he is a cuddler. both of my former cats would cuddle with me whenever i would go to sleep at night. the purring puts you right to sleep. equal opportunity? you are free to join in the discussion whenever you like. it would be nice to have another female voice around here.
awww shucks, it wasn't like it was a boob conversation for the sake of talking about boobs... it was more of an art appreciation/critique thing...
@geist - i'd prefer burping discussions.  that's an equal opportunity discussion. and yes!  he's getting huge.  i hate it.  stay tiny!  he had ring worm, so his fur was peeling off in patches as a kitten - another health problem.  he got a few baths in some good shampoo and it was gone.  fur grew back very soft and full.  he still loves to sleep on his back like that.
...worth it!
@lz: a promise to create a dish and name it after him? (using his real name, not his internet name)
@lz: probably a shipment of hot sauce a month. at the least.
speaking of labels, what do you guys suppose it will take to get the oatmeal to do my label art?
really guys? we must have something better to discuss. trust me, the subject could be much worse. like discussing who has burped the longest.
good grief creeper. leo is growing like a weed and his fur looks so smooth now.
hehe.  i rubbed leo's belly all the time as a kitten so he likes it.  .... for the most part...
best not go for the belly rubs, it's a trap!
yes, i need to email the labelling companies...
look at little butt and how he's grown! https://www.dropbox.com/sc/fi4u1lyoxkek1k4/aaaopgcpn-tzc0qvsz8pf0uba
fortunately, i work saturday brunch so i get off work just in time to catch the chiefs game! woohoo!
haha... leo does not know of the existence of the precious.  although right now, the way he's snuggling- he is so precious.
creeper finished making a murderer? did you just give leo the precious? that'd do it! too much power! and he's immune to prosecution as he's too cute to punish! it's ingenious! how does ingenious mean something very similar to genius? it's like fat chance and slim chance.
nevermind, it would seem that it's decided to rain. and then it'll get cold again. whoopee, this happened 3 times before any solid snow came. love driving on ice. especially in my car!
and i remember how days of the week mean nothing to a restaurant person...other than to making them tell people to shut up about it. i can honestly say, i'm happy that i made the change from that. i have more chance of being at family events than i did working in kitchens.
that gives us 13 days to get ~682 comments. i think it could be done.
we have until january 20th...hmmm
wow - we're closer to 100,000 comments than i thought.  we should try to get there by the 1 year anniversary.
and lz - i need to order some sauce from you!
days of the week mean nothing to a restaurant person.  :( finished making a murderer.
how about the fact that it's almost friday? or that it...nevermind, it hasn't stopped snowing here. umm....not sure what else we could talk about.
something better to discuss..... hmmmm....
i'm too lazy to buy a ticket
and back to that $100 donut...  *eye roll*
i never thought i'd say this, but i can't wait till i start waking up earlier. then i won't have a full page to catch up on. i'm short on time, so i'm just going to say if anyone wiins the lottery, make sure to share the blessings! unless i win, of course.
really guys?  we must have something better to discuss.   (not you, zem- and yay for snow!)
hallelujah it's a' rainin snow! finally some good snow, but it's like 35 here.
don't sell yourself short geist!  if i were still single i would love to have you as my wingman! ;)
nah bakhan. i'm old enough to be his mother and that wouldn't work with the young ladies down here.
and geist as your wingman ftw!
there are 5 major colleges in and around the d.c. area. you have got to come to d.c. sometime in the future. you'd have your pick of plenty of smart college women.
@geist: because, he had his hand on her lower back rather than me having my hand there. :p @bakhan: yeah, it could be the way it is shaded too. the cloth covering the right breast, and subsequently the breast itself, being darker probably helps with it looking smaller than the left side.
@geist, obviously he was a jerk because it wasn't gm's hand on the small of her back... that being said gm, just because there's a goalie doens't mean you can't score... just saying ;) (obviously just joking)
@gm, i think its because of the cloth over the right boob.   the perspective is off as well, the right side of her chest being closer to the viewer, should be larger, not smaller.  its possible its because of the way they have shaded it as well.
how do you know he was a jerk?
...yeah, i do. there was a nice pair on the train today...sadly with some jerks hand on her lower back.
you have boobies on the brain
so it could just be me then.
@gm: doesn't look that way to me when i look at it.
okay...i need an outsiders opinion on an update from another project. bloodstained: ritual of the night. in the latest update is a bust concept to show the shader that is being developed for the game. does it look like the girls left breast is abnormally large compared to the right one? or is it just me/the way she is positioned? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night/posts/1460261
sorry! this is a detail story about what happened to that guy. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/a36338-2005jan25.html
here is the link if you want to read about it. http://www.lotteryusa.com/west-virginia/
@gm: i've read stories of people who won the lottery, only to lose it all in about 5 years due to wild spending. one guy lost his wife, his granddaughter and the good will of the town he lived in all because the money seemed to turn him evil. i'm not really making a joke. he was a good, god fearing man before he won the lottery and in about a year, he was spending time at the strip club and packing heat like he was in a rap video. the guy is white and was 61 at the time.
they meaning the heating guys.
@pot. good luck with the heating guy coming back to put those in.  if they are like the ones around here,  you'll end up doing it yourself.
i don't remember any stories ever like that, but i do remember hearing stories(whether they were true or not) of people pooling in for the tickets, and then one person making off with a winning ticket because they kept it secret that they had a winner.
we usually each get a photocopy of the tickets. i remember reading of a group of workers who all pooled their money together and purchased a bunch of tickets. all but one worker. the group won and i think (it's been a long time since i read the article) the winners felt sorry for this person so they have him/her a little bit of their winnings.
also, make sure you get a photocopy of any, and all, tickets that are purchased for the pool.
@geist: make sure you got it in writing, with signatures of everyone in the pool, otherwise someone might make off with the ticket.
re: powerball funny you should mention that. i just donated to the office collection so that a co-worker can go out and purchase a bunch of tickets. i mean, someone has to win that thing, right?
@gm, the best part about winning a lottery in the states, is we get the taxes back on that!  so normally, the winner in the states pay a lot of taxes (almost half i believe), we would get that back (eventually)!
@all my friends in the states: who wants to buy me a powerball ticket? apparently, we don't need to be citizens to be able to win!
good morning kittens.  i'm just about to head out for another great day of "what's going on at the house now". as an update, the drywall is all up, the walls are primed, the ceilings painted.  the stone has been put up on the outside.  waiting on framers to finish setting the front porch roof, tilers for the floors, wood floor installers, and my wife to make a decision bout paint colors.  also wondering when my hvac guy is coming back to finish putting in the floor vents on the front half of the first floor.
also, as i was on my way to work, i was listening to one of the new songs on disturbed immortalized cd, and it is actually quite accurate to the way newspapers/journalists end up reporting murders. the song is legion of monsters, and it talks about the murderers name being in the headlines, while the person/people who were murdered aren't anything more than a passing comment in the article most of the time.
@trinkets: it's a doughnut that sells for $100. i read an article about it. they didn't say anything about how it tastes...but just that it's(if i remember) a vietnamese or korean place.
@trinkets, for laughs... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fubar_(film)
http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0181288/ it's a link to imdb for a film called american movie.  it is a must watch. filmed a couple hours away from where i live.
never seen it bakhan.  cheese, now i'm hungry. geist, what's  $100?
on my way to work, i was reading in the washington post express a small blurb about a bakery in new york that sells a $100 that is filled with cristal and sprinkled in 24 k gold. i wanna watch the person who eats that and see if they think the taste is worth the price.
@trinkets, have you ever seen the movie fubar?  there was a scene where they were going on about how they needed to make it better, turn up the good, turn down the suck.  someone turned the suck knob up to 10!  reading your earlier post reminded me of it... ;)  of course i realize that you probably haven't seen it, i'm pretty sure it was just a canadian thing, its filmed in and around where i (and gm) live.  its actually pretty funny, if you can get past the cheese factor.
good morning bakhan.
good luck, geist.
good morning kittens!
making it to the weekend without losing my sanity. i am hopeful this can happen.
what's on tap for your day, geist?
i am trying to be positive today. last few days i have gone into work knowing the days would suck. and they did.  today, i am hopeful that the suck is behind.
*we'll
today's word of the day, is........ hopeful. and now well use it in a sentence. "even though there is a fresh 3" of snow on the ground, trinkets is hopeful that today will go better than yesterday.
morning trinkets. what's the good word for the day?
good morning all!
http://9gag.com/gag/aa1pw00
if we do have a kitten con, you're bringing him for sure.
leo was very snuggly. now he's curled up at my feet.
back.  on episode 9 of making a murderer.
the only times kittens have hugged my butt is with claws. not very cuddly.
@zem: some kittens just love to hug your butt. thus making them butt cuddly.
i read that as leo is butt cuddly now. even kittens aren't cute enough to not make that sound weird.
share the brandy trinkets! please?
so...apparently, since around august of 2015, we have hired(and let go) at least 150 people(i've only finished making 120 - 4 sheets of 30 labels - of the labels, and have i'm guessing at least 30 more to go).
hello brandy!! good bye today!!
have a nice evening creeper.  enjoy your kitties.
rats! just missed her!
guess that means i'll get back to label making....i've already made 60, and i'm *almost* half way.
well the ones i just listed were all very sweet.  the new b listers can be douche-y.  one specifically. but if you'll excuse me-  leo butt is cuddly now- but still batting at my typing fingers.  it's snuggle time!
it's awesome when the celebs are nice. last restaurant i was at, it was a slow lunch(we actually only had two customers for it) and we had selena gomez and her bodyguard in. only reason the kitchen knew, is because the server made a huge fuss about it, and we didn't really care since it meant we had something to do instead of polishing the same counter tops over and over.
all very aweet? that's not what you said last time. you said several were very aweet, but some of them can be real jerks, especially the young, up-and-coming ones. and that you were very awkward with liam neeson, which i think would be really funny.
that's great.  i've had a wide variety of celebrity run-ins.
hi! he turned out to be the greatest thing a mama cat didn't want.  did those people from the other night ever leave their table?
all very aweet
excellent!  was everyone cool, or did you get attitude?
job is good- just tiring.  i have met a ton of celebs recently.  william h macy, rita wilson, julie andrews.  super fun
you are living the dream lady!  how's the job?
i've been trying to memorize a case file for a mock trial from the 20th thru the 23rd.  very technical, it's brutal.
i'm doing well!  sleepy. want to nap, but trying to ice my ankle that i hurt at work, keep little butt from eating my toe, and watching making a murderer
making folder labels is boring...i'm not even 1/4 done with the stack of employee hire packages i need to make labels for too.
creeper!  how the heck are ya!  it's good to see you.
he's kinda slobbery for a cat...
kitty baths aren't bad...unless it's 3am and you're trying to get a few hours of sleep before work. or when you're allergic to something in their saliva(my case).
leo is cleaning my hand-  just ate cheesy crackers.
also- ever since i got little bear, any gifts given to me have switched from bakery themed to cat themed. i'm ok with that.
kitty mama is doing well!  stressed.  trying to make out door shelters for my backyard babies, but i need to get straw.
@creeper: it's the elusive kitty-momma! how are you? you're almost never on when i'm on. :p
mmmmn baileys and hot chocolate
hi kittens! my coworker opened a package he had shipped to work- guess what it was?  a kitty convict collar!
...you're evil bakhan. sharing a project as awesome as that, even if it does come with a chameleon sighting!
cameleon siting! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/878602552/tesla-self-rechargeable-electronic-lighter/comments
gm, i look very introverted as well. i just also happen to be very introverted on top of it.
you know how to solve that problem: get more often and meet more people
you and me both gm. i won the gold medal in introvertness 12 years running. i just count the hours until 5 pm and then i fly out of the  office like a bat out of hell.
sounds like your supervisor is a real knob.  you should tell them that you've upped your standards, so up yours!
i'm quiet in the office because i just am a very introverted person....maybe that's what's holding me back from finding myself a nice girl...nah, has to be my looks(/sarcasm)
*sigh* so i give someone something to fix per my supervisor, that person doesn't do it but my supervisor blames me for it anyway. damned if you do, damned if you don't. and people wonder why i'm so quiet in the office.
ok, now i'm hungry
i haven't seen it. headed over now.
i did. i saw it and said, "this is super awesome! the corps and all its followers must know!"
wait, what?! that just sounds wrong somehow. but i'm never even on facebook, but even when i was i never saw anything from the page for some reason. i'll have to go check that now.
okay, who shared that video on the kc fb page? that is awesome, and i want to try it on a beach somewhere.
don't you mean bailey's spiked with hot chocolate? i must be tired. that is what i should have said the first time.
hot chocolate flavored bailey's? why is nobody working on this?!
hey! i went to sleep at 4:30 last night! the night before was only that i couldn't sleep till after 5 because i didn't feel good. tonight, though, yeah. maybe 3 at the latest. but i love staying up late!
don't you mean bailey's spiked with hot chocolate?
why in the world would they have a space heater on the porch? just put in a thicker coat or take your butt indoors where there is hot chocolate spiked with bailey's.
i never use space heaters. i wear layers. or just suck it up until i get to go somewhere warm.
yup. space heaters = bad news. a house on the edge of town just burnt down yesterday because of a space heater on the porch. everyone made it out ok, but the house is a total loss. one big pile of ashes.
also, at least half of them are no longer with the company(whether it be voluntary resignation, or being fired for being an idiot[no call, no show; property damage; etc])
@geist: all of these positions are either administrators in the branches, or truck drivers, swampers, or mechanics. you can always try applying, not sure what is currently being hired for(other than a us benefits specialist)...though you would need to be in houston since that's where the office is.
@gm: your company is hiring that many people? will they take me?
or just get up earlier anyways. i mean, i get anywhere from 4-6hours of sleep a night, and still function perfectly fine at work(if a little hangry because i didn't eat the night before).
....or go to bed before 5 am ;-p
i'm deathly afraid of the sprinkler system in my dorm because apparently it's really sensitive, puts out a gallon per second (which is a lot), and hasn't been cycled in 10 years, so the water 10 year old stagnant pipe water. i have a plan to save my laptop if it were to happen while i'm there and thankfully everything else is semi-protected.
wow, up to 14 comments in one hour! you guys are chatty this morning. kind of hard waking up late and having to catch up through all of those. i should move to an earlier time zone so i wake up at the same time.
....i left filing way too long....i have a stack that is almost halfway up my forearm of new hire packages that need files made....and still a stack almost as big to find more hire packages in.
@lz: that temp sounds like the kind of person who would sue mcdonald's for coffee that is too hot. oh wait, that has already been done....
it was a foam style that was used. fryer overflowed, had to throw out 5 inserts of pasta sauces(and this was all at a boston pizza, an hour before close).
depends on what kind of fire suppression they are using... water is bad, some of the other options are even worse... foam for example.
i bet. i've always heard that the sprinklers usually do more damage than the fire does.
we only ever had minor fires from flare-ups on the grill, or burners that weren't properly cleaned for a week. never did we have a fire where we actually had the suppression system go off(thankfully, it did happen at another job, and it's a bitch to clean up).
i still marvel at the balls it would take to actually say something that amounts to "i'm a temp who disobeyed a direct order and misused company property, resulting in a destroyed jacket. i demand compensation!" gm, that's amazing. i'm glad there weren't any fires because of stupid people where you work(ed).
we had a guy leave a(thankfully) wet cloth sitting over a pilot light one night. another night someone didn't turn off the fryer(thank god it didn't catch fire, and the ventilation system was off all night as well). the only thing that happened, which cause the restaurant to be closed, was the flooding that happened, what, 3 years ago? but that caused the entire downtown core to be closed for most of a week....and a lot of people were off work because of it.
@geist: exactly. she had draped the jacket over her chair and placed the heater behind her. when she went to lunch, she backed into the heater without realizing it and left her jacket on the heater for the duration of her lunch break. she was allowed to finish the week and told not to come back because of insubordination and putting the facility at risk through her negligence. we were very lucky there wasn't a fire. i think she might have turned it off as she stepped away, but i don't know how that could have worked without her realizing that her jacket was touching it. it was 8 years ago, so the details are a little fuzzy.
@lz, a perfect example of the path least travelled.  most people would have taken the raise, it takes a lot more self confidence and quite frankly balls, to leave what you know and pursue a new goal.  cheers to you! (theres a lesson in there zem...)
when a temp took the heater from the painting room into the heated office and melted her jacket because she wasn't being careful. she asked for reimbursement for the jacket and was told that no such thing would happen, since she had been told multiple times to leave the heater where it was, and it was through her own irresponsibility that her jacket got melted. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- how stupid. why keep the heater so dang close to you? even the one on my desk is far enough away at the low setting so as not to set anything on fire. unless her coat was encased in a block of ice, she should have had it at least a foot away from her. and she disobeyed an order. she should have gotten sacked.
the owner of the company offered me a $1/hr raise to not go to college. i had to quit that job so i could go to the university so i could get into the field i'm in. at least one of my co-workers said i should have just taken the raise because it would have been easier. now i'm making twice what i had been offered.
@lz: i didn't start earning more than $12/hr until i got my current job. for three years running(almost four actually), oct 2010 to april 2014, i was making that $12/hr in the same kitchen. the chef wouldn't ask to give his cooks raises until he was able to get one(and he asked at least once a month).
i must admit to a bit of schadenfreud when a temp took the heater from the painting room into the heated office and melted her jacket because she wasn't being careful. she asked for reimbursement for the jacket and was told that no such thing would happen, since she had been told multiple times to leave the heater where it was, and it was through her own irresponsibility that her jacket got melted. bakhan is 100% correct about how dangerous they are. in all honesty, i'd sleep with a lit candle before i'd sleep with a space heater on.
the job paid $14/hr and i didn't have to pay a cent for health insurance.
@lz: that sounds uncomfortable. i hope they paid you well for putting you at the risk of getting hypothermia.
i'm just saying please be careful.  i realize that there are different types of them, but all of them are prone to issues, just be aware of them, and never go to sleep with one on, no matter what type they are.  please.
the dumbest thing i ever did with a space heater was to have one running under my work bench when i was a painter for a medical equipment reconditioning company. i'd have to have the door to the outside open while painting, even in the winter time, so i had the heater running so i wouldn't freeze to death. i'm surprised that never started a fire.
@bakhan: actually, my space heater is currently running on my desk. i'm toasty warm! funny you should mention a house fire. a couple of years ago when my gran was in the hospital, i took her keys and went into her house to see if i could fetch some of her belongings.  when i went upstairs to the bathroom, i noticed that the small space heater (the one currently on my desk) had been running, non stop, for a whole week! i'm actually surprised it didn't catch fire.
i think it depends on the type of electric space heater. if it's one of those that have the (almost completely) exposed heating elements and blow air, then it's dangerous. the one i used growing up was an electric radiator. of course, i checked it for oil leaks every time i used it because i didn't want to die in a fire, but there were no exposed heating elements; and the radiator itself didn't get hot enough that you couldn't touch it
@geist, i seriously hope that isn't one of the those electric space heaters you are refering to!  those things kill!  i knew two people that died in a house fire started by one of those!  thier scumbag landlord secured the windows with bars attached on the outside of the building, and they couldn't get out!  promise me that if you're using one, you never sleep with it on!
@bakhan: i would love to have one of those donuts. i might bring a dozen or so into the office in a few months. can't do it now because too many people have weight loss resolutions to stick to until march.
@gm: the high for today will be 50 degrees. balmy compared to yesterday which was only 30 degrees and 19 at night. i had the heater blasting all night last night.
*perk* did someone say brandy? yes please!
we're rugged canadian men....i'm sure we'll hide under the blankets the second we have a chance. :p
@gm, xp fine and -12 are mutually exclusive (excepting maybe zem... no accounting for taste).  although, tonight should be even more fun at -22c, yikes! (10f and -7.5f for those that are celciusly challanged... ;))
good morning kittens! how is everyone this fine -12c day?
@geist, happy hump day! why don't you go have one of those creme brule donuts for me?
good morning geist.  if it is, why does the weekend feel soooooooooo far away? ugh. i almost would rather be sick than at work. too much insanity and not enough korbel brandy.
@trinkets, well even though my department is short handed today, it can't be as bad as yesterday was!  fingers crossed! hope your day is a good one too!
morning trinkets/bakhan. happy "it's-almost-the-weekend" day.
good morning bakhan. how's the day going for you?
good morning kittens!
steam as in the gaming platform.  speaking of stream, which sounds like water, it's so dry here and i'm so dehydrated for no reason that last night alone i drank over half a gallon, 2 and a half movie-theater large cups, in a few hours. and somehow i only went to the bathroom like 4 times total and almost didn't need to after waking up. it's like i'm spongebob in sandy's dome and the atmosphere is pulling the water out of me. this is just so weird. i'd say it could be worse than just not feeling good and i could be majorly sick 3 times like last year, but i won't because that's tempting fate.
stream? like soda?
it says the humidity here is 80%. my throat begs to differ. at least i haven't woken up with a bloody nose like last year, but having an already sore throat that's just kicked while it's down by this dry of air is terrible. i think i might have to sneak out my parents' humidifier while they're gone.
yeah, even i hope it's better. was not feeling great today. not very much went as planned. though i did have even more hamburger than i could eat, which is nice. the bacon, though. half a pound gone like a magic trick. which was even better.
finally decided to start the book i got for christmas. the complete works of h.p. lovecraft.  kind of hard to read when you have 2 cats fighting to be the one who lays on top of the book.  off to bed.  here's to a better day tomorrow foe everyone.
did those people ever leave last night or are you still there waiting for the table to empty?
hi! how's leo?
awh, lz- haven't heard you say "so many things" in a long time!
we love us too!
i love you people
i think only for controversy, really, but that virtually never happens. there are some really stupid, pointless games that never sold from 10 years ago some people i know have that are still supported.
i don't think they ever remove a game from steam. at least, not for usability. maybe from the store if it never gets bought, but even then, i highly doubt that.
i don't think those things expire really, do they? as long as the game is on steam, usually forever, then it should work.
speaking of steam, i recently found a steam key a friend had given me for street fighter iv ultimate arcade edition...a year ago. it still worked. that was good news.
shoot, i missed the steam sale. forgot about it the last few days, so now i'll have to pay full price if i want just cause 3. it was 20% off. ` sleep fixes everything.
@zem, i need to get a different job, but sleep would be good as well. can't light a match when you're dead, not easily anyways.  i'm too grumpy to be creative right now.
air freshener? why do you need that? can't you just light a match?
bakhan, sounds like you need to go to bed. and this is coming from a person who couldn't sleep until after 5 last night. also, i didn't even get a chance to finish my breakfast. i made eggs and ate them while i microwave cooked ramen noodles, but just as i got to the noodles, literally had the fork raised, i noticed i had to go somewhere. surprisingly, they were still warm when i got back like an hour later!
@geist, thanks, i'll bring an air freshener...
how about my closet? i never find anything once stuff get tossed in there.
does anybody have a dark corner somewhere where i can just curl up and die?
@trinket: thank you. you just decided where i'm going to go on vacation this year. ;-)
so many things...
there's a place in madison(wisconsin) called bennett's. i'm not sure what day it is on, but they have a thing called smut and eggs. they show vintage porn durring breakfast.
@trinkets: you should try the adult milkshakes. talk about a party in your mouth.
walk of shame burrito, lol. that wins best burrito name.
if i had my way, i'd eat breakfast at this place everyday. i've had the t.u.b.s. sandwich many times and the walk of shame burrito is a joy to eat. http://www.tedsbulletin.com/menu/breakfast/
i would feel snooty since i don't go back until next monday, but i go back next monday, so i'm not too happy. less than a week left of freedom. and then starts what promises to be the absolute worst semester so far.
eh, mcd's fries just taste like chemicals to me. their breakfast can be good and the iced coffee is pure sugar, but it's great. other than that, though... arby's is actually pretty good, though. taco hell is one of the best! but trinkets, i know your pain. if we want fast food out here, the closest place, or at least the easiest, is lincoln, half an hour away. if we go to omaha for something else, it's at least 45 minutes and at least a 100 mile round trip.
is it the end of the day yet? kind of going crazy here. i'll just repeat this because it applies to me as well. the first of the month and it's check cutting day. *sigh* there are two bars nearby. maybe i still have time to sneak out and have a nip or 3 before quitting time.
i'm waiting for approvals....and then i need to wait for the controller and vp of hr to be out of their meetings to go over the payroll...then i need to submit it.
i hear that. i'm actually looking forward to the meeting i have in 3 hours. it will eat up the rest of my day.
is it the end of the day yet? kind of going crazy here.
arby's is only good once in a rainbow moon. i think in the past 6 years, i've eaten there 4, maybe 5, times.
arby's? i know of only one in the dmv area off the top of my head. ick to that.
gm, we used to drive 45 miles to the closest taco bell. then a town over got one and it was only 20 miles. finally we got one. best thing ever. and we recently got an arby's. yeah meat!!
i hate when people call me to ask a question when the sop says that you have to send your question to the help desk first. what if i'm not at work? then you'll get bitchy when i don't respond because i'm not there!
i wished taco hell had been open, though
last time i ate at mcdonald's, it was on a day when i was planning on wendy's so i didn't take lunch to work. wendy's closed early because of a blizzard. it was a sunday and the company cafe was closed on sundays. by the time i finished my shift at 2 am, i was starving and mcdonald's was the only place open. the first burger was delicious. the second was okay. the third wasn't very good. i don't think i tasted the fries. the chicken nuggets were decent.
i really hate how a customer calls and leaves a voicemail for me, when my voicemail says specifically that i don't recommend them doing that, rather, call one of my co-workers, or send me an email, and then when i don't get back to them right away, complains to my boss.  yeah, lets see what kind of customer service he gets going forward... grrrr!
i really hate how slow my work computer is when it's scanning.
mmm taco smell....
@trinkets: i know, that's when you drive the extra 50 miles until you find something that actually is food.
i try to stay away from mcd's. when taco bell is right next to mcd's, it's never a choice.
i think the last time i ate at mcdonald's and didn't get sick, i only ate the french fries. not 100% sure though, since it was something like 12+ years ago.
morning gm. i don't have the same problem with mickey d's food that you do. i think their hamburgers taste like wet cardboard but i'd scarf one down if i hadn't eaten anything all day and probably enjoy it. at least the french fries.
morning kittens. @geist: mcdonald's always tastes like death. not sure how it could taste like prime rib, even if it was the last food on earth.
completely true. it's the only reason why mcdonald's hamburgers can taste like prime rib at times.
lololol! and they said hunger was the best sauce... ;)
i kinda agree with you bakhan but if it isn't made with love, free is a great seasoner.
@geist, i'm not so sure about that.  love.  love makes food taste better!
free is the right price! and will usually make food taste better.
good morning kittens! inventory sucks!  we always get something when we're doing inventory.  normally pizza or chicken dinner, not the best, but free is the right price!  our inventory is coming up in a couple of months and normally takes at least two days.  we have an inventory of over 6 mil and 30 people to count it all.  uhhhggg!
morning trinket. free lunch is free lunch. i'll take your pizza slice if you don't want it.
good morning all.  well, yesterday of inventory was worse than last thursday. and today might be the worst day of all. unless the boss buys pizza for lunch. it's only pizza hut, so it's not like it's anything great. but it would be a free lunch.
well... technically it's morning. 4 am. i haven't gone to sleep yet. it's 4 am. i'll probably stay up just a little longer to be sure. and i wish it'd just snow already!
morning kittens! currently it's 19 degrees outside. hard to believe that it was 70 degrees a week and a half ago.
holy cow, halloween was just that long ago? really doesn't feel like long at all. i think i'm growing old. i might be the youngest person to have a mid-life crisis!
still nothing on the litter box since halloween. speaking of which, halloween pictures?
let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! ...please? i mean, i'm able to see grass now. that's not enough snow for january. let's kick it up a notch. let's have like a blizzard at least once a week or at the least like half an inch a day for the next several weeks.
@geist, yes
so in addition to head hot sauce empire (hse) head of things related and/or pertaining to the hhse(hse)htrp..., i'll get a lifetime supply of chocolate cookie dough ice cream (for half my salar)?! where, how many times, and in what's blood do i sign?!
@lz: would that be a flavor in the kc restaurant that you and creeper are going to run? ;-)
i better get on that, then, eh?
so, what zem is saying is, he will support you for life if you just make chocolate cookie dough ice cream. and you would live comfortably with your multimillion dollar mansion.
or cookie dough chocolate, because apparently i'm the only person in the world who thinks both chocolate and cookie dough are amazing and doesn't like having to have vanilla ice cream just for the cookie dough. you'd make billions! trillions if you account for people other than me!
i'm thinking its too easy to just rum flavour the ice cream and then add cookie dough to it, you need to do a cookie dough, rum ripple! just to kick it up a notch!
maybe the cookies and rum...not sure about the hot sauce though.
that would make a delicious idd cream. i'll see what i can do
cookies and rum hot sauce ice cream... hmm...
cookies & rum. that should be an ice cream flavor. make it happen lz. you're good at this sort of thing
ozymandias has something to say about that. though hot sauce is an empire i'd gladly welcome!  i would like to welcome our new hot sauce overlords! ` nevermind, plans were found, declared a traitor, going to live on a rock on an ocean planet for 20 years.
@bakhan: or it was beyoncé's...yeah, i'll stop there.
@lz, you sir are going to need a monolith to commemorate your hot sauce, they'll still be seeing that in 18000 years... although they'll probably think it was for measuring seasons or the moon or something... ;)
i'm about to do a kessel run. have a plan to bring it down to 11.3 parsecs, though it involves basically merging ships with an imperial star destroyer. anyone want to join? it means certain death!
aah! too much entertainment! yeah, gift of the century still isn't probably big enough to make it into the annals of history from 18,000 years ago as anything more than a footnote even if it's life altering. what kind of cookie works best to appease the ks comment monster?
the cookies & rum idea worked for getting the comment through. thanks, geist!
your hot sauce becomes a hit when beyonce is seen purchasing 10 bottles. it becomes the xmas gift of the season with footage of people actually fighting for the last bottle on the shelf. yyyyeeeeeeesssssss! eat that, zem (aka: negative nancy)!
c is for comment, thats good enough for me... uh wut?
ok, will do.
yep. your comment was eaten by the ks comment monster. next time, offer it a cookie?
did ks eat my comment? i wanna make sure before i repeat it.
*waves granny panties in the air* is that enough entertainment for you?
so, it's 3pm, the first monday back from holidays...and i am impatiently waiting for approvals....anyone want to come entertain me?
if geist was from 20009, you think she would have gotten a better job and/or just been crazy rich... ;) after beyonce dies, her fans make her a god and i got sent back to this time as punishment for throwing paint on her holy statue.
winning numbers for the next powerball? powerball doesn't exist in 20,009 as every has esp and can easily guess the numbers.
when and where the first kittencon is? 2017, hawaii. elan's treat for all of us loyal kc members.
switching gears a little here: anyone here play street fighter iv ultra?
are you allowed to tell us how my hot sauce does in the market, your hot sauce becomes a hit when beyonce is seen purchasing 10 bottles. it becomes the xmas gift of the season with footage of people actually fighting for the last bottle on the shelf.
well fine, if you want to be a debbie downer about things...
if lz gets an army, i want to be a general! just sayin... ;)
lz, 20009 is way too far ahead to have any records of anything short of a world-changing hot sauce empire complete with army that conquered entire continents and lasted thousands of years to have cemented its place in ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient history. sorry, but i don't think you're going to be that successful, unfortunately.
if geist was from 20009, you think she would have gotten a better job and/or just been crazy rich... ;)
that did not escape my notice.
@lz: probably isn't a typo, that's the second time she made reference to the year 20k9
please, just don't tell me the extra 0 was just the typo it probably was, cause that would not be as much fun :-)
@geist: you must be a time traveler if you were in vegas in 20,009.
geist is from the future! are you allowed to tell us how my hot sauce does in the market, or when and where the first kittencon is? um, um, what else? winning numbers for the next powerball?
@geist, 0.49gbp = 1 cad as neo once said: "whoa". there must be swarms of british folks lapping up the goods in your country. when i went to vegas in 20009, i couldn't swing an exploding cat without hitting one of them.
@zem, lets use your example.  if i was in the states and wanted to buy that $10 book, it would cost me (at least) $13.88 cad.  my point stands.  i have been down to the states a few times... ( a year for the last several years) @geist, 0.49gbp = 1 cad
i'm not entirely sure how to feel about that song. it was really, really well done and i loved it, but a part of my brain treats it like outright sacrilege. that's one of my all-time favorite songs, so a remake just feels like a ripoff to me no matter how great it is.
okay, $265
i could only afford to pledge $1 for the others (although, i did bump it up until all the sg's were reached, then i dropped it down again), so i had to pay all $250 of it last week.
zem, i actually like disturbed's sound of silence more than s&g's version.
prices change as well! you've never seen a book with something like "$10 usd, $12 cad"?
and now i have "the boxer" playing in my head. and i really like simon and garfunkel.
$1 cad = 0.72 usd after banking fees you think that is bad? try $1 british pound to $.59 usd. that means my stalking benedict cumberbatch will have to wait until i win the lottery.
bakhan, you realize prices change as well in the currency conversion? gm: yes! both, but especially simon&garfunkel! one of my all-time favorite groups! i like disturbed alot as well, but i'll have to watch that later. anyways, i've seen so many simon & garfunkel remakes, none of them even close to as good, that i'm kind of wary of listening to that, but i'll get to it when i have a chance.
@bakhan: did you check out the folklore update? those tiles look awesome.
@lz, the only thing i had left to pay for, for to:7s was the shipping. $30, i could handle that.
@lz: i spent my money(aside from shipping, which ended up being just under $8 since i decided against getting dice packs) before the campaign ended. same with folklore. now, it's just a matter of saving everything i can, not paying for anything that is not a necessity, and dropping my debt as much as possible this year.
@gm, that was awesome! quite possibly the best thing i've heard by them.
all of my christmas money went to the others
i spent my christmas gift on the deluxe version of the disturbed itunes download that song is on. i think i've listened to it 15+ times...just since yesterday.
i've been watching that obsessively for the past week or so. i love disturbed, and i really like simon and garfunkel.
anyone here a disturbed fan? or even simon and garfunkel? check out this: https://www.youtube.com/watch… and then the original by simon and garfunkel: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
western canada could work.
sounds like someone hasn't read enough oatmeal...
is that a cross between nebraska and oklahoma?  as much as i love visiting the states, it will just be too expensive this year.  $1 cad = 0.72 usd after banking fees it will probably be at least ) 0.70 usd, i can't afford that hit.  they only expect the canadian dollar to recover around one cent this entire year so, i don't even think we're going to disney this year.  which makes me very sad indeed.
nebra-whatnow? never heard of it. o.o
have we figured out where nebrahoma is? that's where it should be.
@geist: no one will live that long. not even our great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grand children will.
ah, gotcha bakhan. i remember when i was there, the guys who would pass out cards that had nearly naked women on them that advertised a personal "massage". what can you do? hollywood, the fashion industry, strip clubs, rap videos. all of these objectify women. i won't live long enough to see that go away.
@geist, my wife has issues with nudity and objectification of women (long story short, she was stalked and attacked, very badly).  so.... vegas is all about that, and there is almost no where to go where that wasn't an issue for her of some kind.  her issues, are my issues, as i have to deal with them.  overall, i know i would have a blast if i went with some friends, but there's no way i could do vegas without her freaking out, and i don't want to lie to her, not my style.  so even though i don't feel the same (women being objectified rather than making money off of dumb people) as her, it made for a very bad time for both of us.
@bakhan: how did you have a terrible time in vegas? when i went in 20009, i had so much fun, i can't wait to go back.
oh, and can't forget the all important forgetting password, then typing in the exact answers for your security questions(have a screen shot from when i first set them) and still being told no. then the account being locked. now i need to call and get it reset. -.-
morning kittens. nothing like coming in to updates on the computer, scans happening, vps needing information, and the damned thing taking the last 15minutes just to open my email.
@geist, vegas would be a no go for me, my wife and i had a terrible time there.  i understand if thats where the majority would like to have it though.  i would like to recommend somewhere in western canada, you guys could take advantage of our cheap dollar, and folks like gm and myself wouldn't lose our shirts in $ conversion...
sign me up bakhan! didn't we all agree that we should hold it in las vegas?
good morning kittens!  hope everyone had a good new years celebration!  wishing you all the best this year, this is our year!  who's in for a kitten con?  lets make it happen people!
morning kittens!
and staring at them maliciously whilst grumpily slamming down the check even though it's already there. just pick it up, walk away, go in a circle, come back, and set it down again. then go over to a distant table and sit with your feet up. wait, are they still there after all this time? hope not!
@creeper: try flicking the lights on and off.
i assume you mean the people at the tables. otherwise, you must've had enough wine to make even geist giggly. but yeah, unless they're like us when we do that, a family all having a great time laughing and shouting happily, then i hate people like that. the people who sit there after the host starts cleaning up. well, i guess i am that kind of person if i'm with a group like that, though i'm only part of the laughing, shouting group like once a year. otherwise, slowly encroach the table with increasingly dark and horrible scowls until you look like the easter island heads in a horror movie.
oh you stupid tables.  get out get out get out!!!!!  we are all standing and staring and waiting for you to leeeaaaaavvvvee
finally got around to watching the sherlock new years special. great episode, great start to season 4! can't wait till it actually airs a year from now! stupid cumberbatch becoming so famous and having so many other things to film. all i can say is dr. strange better be as amazing as i think it will.
what, that's all it'll take? i told you, though, i'm in it for the long game. i get about 100 closer to him every month or two still. maybe i'll kick it up with the 10 hour challenge.
quran is also correct.
thanks for the link zem. also, if you comment once a minute for like 10 hours, you will catch lz.
huh, that was kind of long because of exposition and copy pasting an entire comment, but trust me, it's pretty funny, at least to me. also, correction: koran is correct, but i like quran better, and that's what he used. also, kosher for halal.
haha. hundreds of comments on 9gag and only one has become one of the top on a post. now, i make a post about how not all muslims are terrorists and i wish people knew that and how the arab muslims i know are actually some of the kindest, most generous and hospitable people i know (and this is coming from a midwesterner), and in a few hours coming on 100 upvotes and probably 70 heated comments ranging from "thank you for understanding!" to literal hate propaganda that perfectly mirrors isis and taliban recruitment messages, but against them. some even said that isis is actually what islam teaches and they're just not afraid of judgement and follow the quran to the letter! but this has to be my favorite!:  "we can all do a lot against terrorism.  1) stop funding terrorism: don't spend money al halal shops, or any shop owned by muslims. 2) read the quran, so you are aware of the bullshit and the lies they are trying shove down your throat and you can debunk their bullshit lies. this also makes you aware of all the horror in their ideology and why isis behaves the way they do. 3) most importantly: never trust a muslim. teach your kids to avoid them, and shun them. don't serve them in you store or whatever, and don't talk to them. just give them a blank stare until they leave." now, replace muslim with jew and koran with torah and what do you have? something that would have made goebbels and hitler proud! seriously, that's literally exactly what happened in 1938-40.
yeah, where's he been? we need to go round up at gunpoint everyone who just randomly dropped off the face of the ek.
it's crazy how long it's taken for me to catch up to dr p, considering hoe long it's been since he's been here.
on that list, lz is finally getting close to unseating potatten as #2, and i'm close behind, closing in on him.
i'm still here, el guapo!  *bang* *ded*
pfft, of course, trinkets! https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/23263053/ek/topcommenters.html
hey, anyone have the link to the list of the top commenters?
some of us are, kitkat
youre all still here?
i packaged it up, so they didn't even know it was a lame jar of candy. i think it was picked last because it was the smallest present.
sitting on a couch with my computer up on our large screen in the family room is cool and all, but did you know even sitting on a couch too long can make your butt hurt? maybe it is time for bed. at least on the internet, i'm in good company. everyone here is butthurt.
haha, so nobody picked it because it was a lame jar of candy, but then it turned out to be amazing because it was pure money and candy! the yard-long snickers would still be the best, but i'd use that $10 to get those snickers and have the candy as well. because you don't gain enough weight over the holidays as it is.
mine was the last one opened, so i told them to look inside as it was opened. i would have waited til the end otherwise.
commentary on poker? that's actually an amazing gift! i really want that now! i'd definitely steal that. did you tell them a $10 bill was in there or let them find out?
a yard of snickers bars (that's 18 regular-sized bars). i was surprised that nobody stole it. i was the first one out. then i was the full-time dealer and game valies. everyone loved my commentary.
lol. what did you end up getting?
everyone loved my present
i thought it had already passed titanic
@trinkets: i can't blame the phone this time. it was my rotten spelling.
it learned from the best.
lol. geist,  your phone is as drunk as my phone and i are.
yeah, star wars! keep up the paste!
@trinkets: then i hope that guy does as good a job as j.j. this new movie really was a treat to watch. it would be a pity to throw all of that away on a subpar script. btw: this movie is breaking down james cameron's top spot as the number one biggest domestic grossing movie of all time and if the numbers keep up at this paste, both titanic and avatar will fall.
i actually like that tv show about as  much as the modern ones sometimes. plus, i'm good at watching older movies because i actually like them, even if it takes some extra perspective.
geist, rian johnson is writing and directing episode viii.
zem, it's like batman and robin. most people hate that batman movie. but i always tell people, think more in the mindset of the 1960's campy batman tv show. then it really works.
live long and prosper,  geist
darth jarjar is s funny theory.  and if it helps me get through i and some of ii, i'm ok with it.
@pot: lol! your review of the star wars movies made me cackle loud enough that other people looked at me like i was growing a new eyeball. you might want to thank j.j. abrams for directing this. he has done a fantastic job and i hope he goes on to direct the rest of them.
lz,  yeah, i also was referring to his subpar acting. if i want emo, i'll watch spider-man 3. wait....no i won't.  ugh. another stinker. i thought of a chronological list of theatrical releases for my ratings list, but  i didn't feel like that much copy and paste on my phone.
i just saw trinkets post on his feelings about the star wars series and decided to post my own opinions, in order of appearance, to wit... episode iv, wonderful!  give us more please!  episode v, okay, that wasn't awful.  and i hear you've cut a deal to make a total of 9 of these! episode vi, better.  much better than the last one. episode i, oh dear lord.  what have you done? episode ii, please stop.  i'm begging you. episode iii, damn you george. i asked you to stop. episode vii, i never thought i'd hear myself say this, but thank you disney.  you've rescued a part of my youth.
lucan?  my spell check must be a star trek fan.
speaking of which, have you seen emo kylo ren on twitter? it's hilarious!
the emo wasn't the problem. of course anakin was going to be whiney and angsty, why else would he turn to the dark side? the problem was christensens stiff, wooden attempts at acting.
lucan should have made a deal similar to j.k. rowling to have power over how the future films get made or at least made a percentage off the merchandise. he just needs to sit back and enjoy his billions.
oh, forgot to mention, totally agree. unless that's how they wanted christensen to portray him. if they wanted anikin to be an emo like that, he did really well actually. too well. i still don't like it. he sucked.
and the darth jarjar theory has given me a new appreciation for episode i. if only we could get some kind of confirmation...
trinkets, i agree with your assessment about star wars and hayden christensen's effect on the movies. as for the pennies and candy, that is a purely evil thing to do. i'll have to remember that one for the future.
ooh, good idea with the pennies.  i don't know, i really liked 2 and thought 3 was pretty good. and i might be the only one on earth, but i actually kind of liked 1, especially now with the darth jar jar theory. it's actually a really well founded theory if you read all of it. and i think disney acquired lucasfilm with all of the titles it comes with. i'm sure lucas still gets some kind of royalties, but yeah, knowing disney, he has no say now.
no matter how good episodes ii & iii could be, hayden christensen is horrible in it and brings them down at least a whole grade.
lz, +1,000,000 for ernest goes to camp!! i also have original original trilogy. i had to buy them when i heard they were redoing stuff in them. episode i, meh+ episode ii, ok+ episode iii, good- episode iv, wow episode v, wow episode vi, wow- episode vii, wow maybe $5.00 worth of sterile pennies mixed in with $5.00 worth of m&ms and skittles?
i thought he sold the whole thing
yeah, lucan! i mean, it's not like they let him keep ll the merchandising rights for the first deal they made with him so he made millions as it was. he knows how to keep the franchise if he wants and if they'll let him. what he gave up must not have fit in with at least one of those categories.
if george lucan wanted to have influence in future installments, he should have kept the franchise.
i have the original originals. and i thought episode ii was okay, and i liked episode iii, but not as much as the originals.
lz, that's amazing! you know they actually go pretty well together. i'd just bring $10 of the mix so someone had several pounds of solid sugar to do nothing with. i... liked... lucas's versions... well, i didn't like all the things he added in when he remastered the originals. the originals overdid the muppets, the prequels overdid the cgi, and then lucas went back and re-overdid cgi on the originals. wish i had the original originals.
i have to tell you guys about the party i'm going to tonight. the background information is that a few years ago, i had a poker night wherein the buy-in was a white elephant gift. as people lost all their chips, they were given the option of picking a new present from the table or stealing an open present from a previous loser. one of my friends, a new year's baby, loved it and has decided to do one for her birthday party ever since then. this year, she decided she wants the presents to be worth ten dollars. what i'm taking is a jar of m&m's mixed with skittles, with a $10 bill hidden inside.
geist, i'm fairly certain lucas's sour grapes are because almost everyone loves the mee one while almost no one liked his abominations. that and the fact that they basically told him to piss off when he told them what he had in mind for vii-ix
happy new year, everyone! my boys watched ernest goes to camp twice on new year's eve.
i might go with a friend who hasn't seen it yet. funny how george lucas is all sour grapes about the new film. if i didn't know better, i'd swear it was sour grapes because nearly everyone is liking this movie but didn't like george's versions
finally got to watch star wars for the third time.  finally got the wife to go. she liked it and wants too see it again. i might get to go 4 times. thankfully they have all been matinee showings for $6.50.
good morning geist!
morning trinkets!
ugh.
why am i still up at 1:17 am?  because we just got done with game night. played 3 games of mtg, a game of mysterium, and a game of fury of dracula.
even if we did save it for him, someone is going to be waiting just to be the 100,000th comment. i want to be 100,007.
holy cow, almost 99,000 comments! has anyone contacted elan for the 100k spot? i say we let him have it on the anniversary of the project launching on the 20th. holy cow, it's that close to being a full year now! good times. so glad this all came about.
forgot to say it then, but i stayed up till like 6 am watching movies with my brotther and then interneting. he stayed up even longer playing games.
happy new year my corps.
happy 2016 kitten corps!!
sorry, watched movies with my brother. happy new years again, though, everyone. doesn't feel like 2016.
happy new year everyone! hope this next year brings us all good tidings(and maybe a kitten con)
@trinkets: that is truly evil, lol. i rented the movie "knock knock", starring keanu reeves. felt like a b movie with an a list actor in it.
too bad i came in a month later. i really, really wish i could have found the comments section earlier. i watched the progress of the campaign multiple times a day the whole month but only came into the comments for the elan drawing the comments event 3 days before the end.
happy new year, my lovelies.  nearly a year of knowing some of you too!  good lord. :)
hour and a half left, but happy new years anyways. i'll definitely be back in here later to say it again. i stay up to midnight during the normal weeks, later during holiday, so i'll definitely be up, likely to 3 or 4, maybe 5 if not an all-nighter with my brother.
happy new year!! off to bed at 10:30. feels almost like midnight, lol.
happy new year geist!!  enjoy ernest goes to camp!
less than two hours until midnight and i'm about to crawl into bed with a movie rental. (yes, i will be sober) thanks to the folks who still post in here and make my days at work more tolerable. happy new year and i will see you all next year.
@micah yes they really did, although fairly briefly, think "something was up." the guy was like "when i saw 'exploding' i thought you couldn't be that dumb."
my favorite version of auld lang syne  https://youtu.be/hqbdpmpheia
lol,zem, i haven't made midnight for new year's eve in 5 years.
today you guys don't have an excuse for being up later talking with me. well, you do if you go to a party, but i know you'll still be up. so i got that going for me... stay up till like 1-3 and realize that's what i do every day and it's awesome. midnight during the year, but if it were just me on a holiday, i'd stay up like 30 hours until i was tired and sleep like 12 hours.
jon, that's amazing! did they really think something was up with something labeled explosive kittens? kitten suicide bombers!
i got stopped in the houston airport for a bag search and they found exploding kittens. hilarity ensued, particularly when they opened the box and it meowed at them!
sounds like christmas vacation where they cut out bonuses, but on new years. indoor cats live to about 15-18 i think, but she was outside in nebraska weather, lived a much rougher life than any indoor cat, and didn't get as nice of care. heck, we forgot to feed them or fed them too little on more than 100 occasions over her life. oh, and we got her when she was 1 already, so she might have been older. i'm surprised she lived that long. still, my mom's cat from before college lived with my grandparents and lived to maybe 28 or 30! entirely well cared for inside cat, but that's a long life.  long story short: point being: i want a maine coon kitten.
@geist: that's just mean of the company. normally, on a day like today if i was working it, everyone would be told to go home if their work is done, and even if it wasn't.
welp, looks like everyone in the company except accounting department gets to go home early. words cannot express how much i hate accounting.
maybe get a sixer of schlitz in bottles i'd rather sleep with a kardashian.
geist, maybe get a sixer of schlitz in bottles.
geist, sounds like you should  be living in wisconsin. we're not alcoholics,  we're professionals.
you had a choice,  lz? lucky you.  it's or inventory day.  ugh.
why, oh why, did i decide to come to work today?
i'm pretty sure the 1-5 years thing is only ferals, not cats that live outside but have someone who takes care of them.
schlitz is fantastic. no it isn't. it's a can of "i-don't-like-myself".
in a very short time, i have had quite a few old fashioneds. too many. probably going to bed soon. who gave you permission to copy my drinking patterns? :-p
growing up in the country on 36 acres, our cats were usually indoor/outdoor cats. most lived into their mid-late teens. 19 years old was the oldest. only a couple of months away from 20.  zem, just go get a rescue kitteh and take it to classes with you.
aaw, i want a little kittie so bad. been years since we had a tiny kitten. ours have always been outside cats, though without a large yard i guess that's not such a good option. that cat lived probably around or just under 18 years. the average lifespan of an outside cat is 1-5 years, though that accounts for strays. she lived longer than most indoor cats, but also had to hold her own and fight off dozens of cats who encroached on her territory. pretty badass cat if you ask me.
always save kitties!  and make sure they're kitty convicts!  leo's collar is shipping soon. :). his attacks are more infrequent if i spend more time with him.  it's when i work at night, come home and try to sleep.  he wants alllll the attention.   but the scary toy has helped since using it.  now he taps my arm when he wants attention.
aaw, i want another cat now. our really old, awesome, and fluffy one disappeared just before winter. she was really territorial, so we could never get another cat before, but now i think we should. a maine coon.
ok. in a very short time,  i have had quite a few old fashioneds.  too many.  probably going to bed soon.  good night all.
creeper, have the kitten attacks slowed?
blue ribbon livin' is the life for me!
yeah- cuddling with kitten is fine as long as nobody. moves
just put some pbr in the fridge.  i usually buy some uppity/wheat beer, but my friend brought over a case last week.  fine by me. :)
oops, forgot the link. https://youtu.be/7wlwumgksec
lewis black tells it like how it is.
fyi. i have drank more pabst than any other beer. pabst is a good beer. not top shelf, but i really like it. schlitz is fantastic. a few years back, they went and changed back to the original recipe. if you ever have a chance to grab some, i suggest doing it. and if anyone ever makes it to wisconsin, or knows anyone travelling through, have them pick you up some new glarus spotted cow. you will thank me after you have some. now if we're talking bad beers, red dog is bad. just plain bad. molson ice. bad.
first cuteness, then pain. i remember those days from my kitties kitten days.
wait.  nope.  i laid other arm next to me, he snuggles them both all "i can haz two arms" i barely moved second arm, and he sat up, stared at them... began attack.
oh my goodness he's so sweet and purring right now
i would text more but i have a very sleepy cuddly kitten on my arm right now
happy new year to you too bakhan! and to all the kitten corps members.
well kittens, i'm almost out of here for the day, and i wanted to make sure that i wished you all a very happy new year!  you are all the bestest, and i wish you all the best for this new year! thanks for always being there guys!
i had a good laugh at that schlitz ad. thanks, geist
@lz, i use that joke all the time, classic monty python!
and germany does laugh at us. the netherlands, too. i remember hearing a joke comparing american beer to having sex on a boat.
i forget, lz, that you are too young to remember the schlitz beer commercials that use to come on tv. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lz: you can still find that brand in some of the, um, poorer neighborhood liquor stores. you can also find mad dog 20/20 in various fruit flavors.
oh, wow. i didn't realize schlitz was an actual brand. i always thought it was a catch-all term for cheap beer.
@trinkets: pabst is satan's carbonated piss. don't get me started on schlitz beer. germany must laugh at us.
budweiser = zombie bath water.
lol! thank you for the chuckle lz. i sorely needed it.
no, lz, if you use whatever the hottest hot sauce is now, it would be close. but try wiping with gympie-gympie leaves. someone had to shoot themselves after accidentally doing that.
as far as cleaning butts with lava, i have some sauces that will make it feel like that's what you're doing...
that gives me an idea for torturing someone: force them to drink budweiser through a twizzler.
completely agree. twizzlers are rank. i would rather clean my butt with lava than eat a twizzlers. or drink a budwiser.
i couldn't believe all the hoopla over mechanically separated meat a couple of years ago. it was astounding that people were complaining about the fact that we were trying to use all of the animal that we had killed.
i know alot about things that would make most people sick, especially when it comes to food. i just really don't care whatsoever. i don't care what process the food goes through if it tastes good unless the process makes it really unhealthy, but even then, i'm an american. i eat unhealthy as a rule.
twizzlers are satan's poop. red vines..........voice of angels. i'm with you on tree nuts bakhan.  thankfully, i don't have the peanut allergy. they let so many parts per million of mice/rat poop in peanut butter. yummy
hmmm more food for thought, if they can't guarantee that there aren't nuts in all those products, what else can't they guarantee?  you'd be surprised.  look up the paranoids handbook, and despair! muuahhahaha!
twizzlers have licorice flavor as well. i actually kind of like those, but i've had so many they're kind of boring and gross now. also, fun fact, you're not allergic to peanuts, you're allergic to a fungus that grows on nearly every peanut. it's harmless, but some people develop a reaction just like how all allergies start. and i have none whatsoever, so ha.
i say nuke 'em from orbit, its the only way to be sure!
just walk away and pretend you never saw them. if they follow...kill them with fire!
i think twizzlers fell to earth one day.  do not taunt twizzlers!  do not touch twizzlers if they begin to glow and pulsate!
twizzler is wax
peanuts are poison people, and if i had my way would be as legal as arsenic! i realize that i'm one of the 1% of adults that have nut allergies, but seriously, they can kill me faster than most poisons can!  candy corn is almost always contaminated with trace nuts so thats right out as well.  and licorice is delicious, as long as its black licorice and not that other crap they call licorice, i'm looking at you twizzler!
that... seems like exactly the way you shouldn't eat them.
the wife looooooves circus peanuts. but when she gets them, she opens the bag and let's them get stale first.
candy corn is okay, licorice is satan's stool, and had to look up circus peanuts, but yeah, i've never really been a fan. i'll eat them if i'm handed them, but i'd never get them on my own.
*hellspawn
candy corn, black licorice,  and circus peanuts are the hells pawn of the candy world.
we should form the coalition of candy corn coffee to further research this dilemma. food science would be a really fun field.
doooo it!
*takes a sip of own coffee right after that, pondering the taste* you know, i'm not a fan of candy corn much at all, but i think you could make it work. if lz could make a fish hot sauce, we can make candy corn russian coffee.
haha, the translated page was funny! "i don't know who you are, but micah will find you, and he will return your call." the downside to that, though, is i'd get a ton of calls suddenly and have to let them all go to voicemail. i'd call myself, though, just to hear that. candy corn vodka to work on a thursday? i'd say sounds like a rough week, but this is geist we're talking about here. i'd be surprised if she didn't mix it in with coffee or something. candy corn flavored coffee...
@bakhan,  they are very comfortable and warm.
liam neeson recording you outgoing voicemail message!!!!!! zem is unable to come to the phone right now. he's out acquiring a particular set of skills. leave a message after the beep.
@trinkets, thats awesome!  i wonder if they would work on my cat too, i may have to pick up a pair... ;)
http://images.superherostuff.com/image-slipswvdrmen-0-watermark.jpg i got these darth vader slippers for christmas. one of my cats is afraid of them. she wants to jump up on my lap, but is too afraid of the slippers to do it.
@geist, you could always use a travel coffee mug... ;)
if i could find my old flask, i'd bring some candy corn vodka to work tomorrow.
@geist, sorry about your upcoming day!  i myself am dredding this day, with it being cold for the last couple of days (0f) peoples heating systems are failing.  which means people are looking for parts, and with the wealth of product available, there are no easy answers.  lots of searching often just to tell my customer where to go get it, as my company doesn't have access.  i love doing the footwork for the competition, and not getting anything out of it.  yay! xp
@geist, i can't check it from work, so maybe later.  i don't know that there's much they can do about it.  ek being an american product, not sure what the copy right laws are like in russia, but i don't believe they would be very us friendly... ;)
@bakhan: did you check out the link to the copy cat ek game below?
rub it in bakhan! i got to get through today and half of tomorrow. (we are leaving 2 hours early on new years eve) and today is the last day for month end close. should be another hectic day.
good morning kittens! i just have to make it through today and then i have a 4 day weekend! whoo hoo! (not as sweet as gm, but still pretty sweet!)
i bought a toy on clearance at target (my holy land) for leo. for some reason it terrifies him. i now use it when he starts attacking my feet and hands. dear target- you are my everything. lol@creeper. you saved that for the folks in the other campaign? :-p
holy crap. the russian version isn't even trying to pretend like its a different game. and reading the translated page was funny! thank you google translate.
vladimir-  thanks for the heads up.  ill contact exploding kittens directly and let them know.
hey guys.  i'm not sure, whether this question was already asked, but anyway: is this legal http://bombcat.ru/ ? this is exploding kittens game, translated to russian.
though if it were me, i'd probably say "mr. neeson, this will only make everything way the hell more awkward, but can you record a voicemail message or something for me? please? and if at all possible, try not to kill me in the process." it'd be worth being fired over. and you might get a legendary voicemail message out of it!
at least neeson didn't kill you. he trained both jedi and batman and has killed people in more movies than sean bean has died in! though i can imagine just hearing him order would be freaking amazing. wait, what place is this that you're working in now again? i think you mentioned once, but usually i don't even think to ask. but now i kinda want to save up some money. alot, most likely. gas to ny isn't cheap. hell, it'd be easier to wait for them to film any other movie here in nebraska. happens once every several years.
and yeah- i can't always talk about who i see.  they're super strict about that.  but in the past julie andrews called me darling and liam neeson and i had an incredibly awkward exchange.
i agree with the younger thing- as we just had someone recently come in- early 20's late teens i think- doooouuuuche. but for the most part- everyone i've met has been fantastic.  that being said- this place has been around for awhile and i think the celebs kind of pay their respects to us.  they know not to fuck with us. :)
i guess i shouldn't say most celebrities, but the ones who weren't born rich and/or famous and actually were people for some period of time in their lives. and some of the stereotypical celebrities can be really amazing people too, but some fit the bill perfectly, unfortunately. that's why you never want to meet your role models.
can't discuss? it's in your contract or something? everyone knows rosie would be awesome. cool to know she actually is. i don't think i've ever seen anything of hers and yet even i know that. most celebrities aren't actually major assholes, but i'd say the younger they are, the more likely it is. people are just always really grumpy when they're waiting for their food. too bad foodservice, maintenance, janitorial, and other staff like that are seen as servants or objects by most people rather than as people who love thank-yous and are actually pretty interesting most times. good thing my aunt has always been a waitress and made sure we knew that.
i will say this- because she gets a lot of criticism- rosie odonnell is the nicest regular there.  incredibly sweet, and tips an insane amount.  she is so so so kind.
can't discuss until a few days pass.  but we get celebs a lot.  and pretty big a-listers.  this couple was really sweet.  actually- most of the ones that come in are awesome.  it's always the sorta famous ones that are assholes.  they try so hard to prove they're special.
ooooh, what kind of awesome famous people we talking bout here? were you all like https://www.youtube.com/watch… ?
recap- the prynt is a lot of fun.  took a picture of leo- and now when i move over it i get to see home running towards camera, and took a pic of coworker.  going to have a lot of fun with this!! mmmm...wendy's. meat cube what? i am tired.  another turnover shift- closed tonight, working in morning- but waited on some awesome famous people tonight.
culvers really is amazing. 5 guys is probably even better. and i'd say bk is better than mcdonald's, at least when it comes to burgers, but mcd has good iced coffee and breakfast.
yes,  the meat cube is the quad burger. years ago, when burger king introduced the stackers, you could get double,  triple, and quad. accepting a stupid dare, i attempted to eat an octo stacker. it didn't  end well. in our town for fast food burger places, we have culver's > a&w > dairy queen > mcdonalds > burger king.
trinkets, 12"?! give it back! we were promised a foot but only got like 3 or 4 inches. we're promised more tonight, don't know exactly how much, but hopefully it makes up for the lack. i know about the cube, i just never get it because i'm never there. though wendy's is like what mcdonalds wants you to think they are, only with square patties, frosties, blackjack, and hookers.
@gm: lucky you. i have another 50 hours to go before i get a nice long weekend
yay! it's the weekend! later suckers!(i will probably check in over the next few days).
what precisely is a "meat cube" burger?
is the meat cube the quad? i used to get the quad all the time. so good!
20 years ago, i worked at a wendy's. i saw everything that went into the preparation of each item. i was the grill master. i have zero problems eating wendy's food. the beef is real 100% beef. not precooked. no fillers. just tasty goodness. and remember, all wendy's should be able to make you a meat cube burger if you order one, even though it's not on the menu.
@geist: i don't question the stomach. i just do as i'm told by it.
lol! i'll try to remember that when i finally get to meet you. how can wendy's food be ok for your stomach but mcdonald's makes you sick? aren't they the same fast food type place?
@geist: i went to wendy's, was a nice walk. got to stroll along behind a very lovely young lady, and her boss(no, i wasn't into him), on the way back. i don't think my focus left her lovely behind the whole way back...though my eyes were looking forward(i would like to take this moment to thank all the band teachers for helping me perfect my peripheral vision!) and not directly at her.
@gm: can you pick me up something? a pepperoni pizza would be nice.
now...to find something to eat...i'm getting hungry.
i actually got the payroll submitted...on time! which means....i quite likely can take tomorrow off as my day in lieu for yesterday. :d
i am getting my butt kicked at work. stupid year end close.
yep, nothing like a foot of snow to throw a eff into your day.... ;)
well, this 12" of snow  we got last night completely sucks.
that actually looks quite neat...i probably would never use it, but it is definitely interesting.
so i can just hold up the picture, and the picture will start moving when viewed through the phone.
squeeeeeeeeee!!!  prynt came today and i had so much fun!!!  it's a polaroid camera that clicks into phone, records 5 seconds of video with it, and once you move app over pictures- it replays it like augmented video.  it's in my backed projects if you want to see video.
@zem, eyes on the prize!  you won't be in school forever, and you will look back fondly at these times, even though it doesn't seem like it now.  keep going, don't stop!
@gm, glad to hear it!  i had to go down to medicine hat for christmas, but i escaped on boxing day.  just hung out chilling with my dog, as my wife isn't coming back until today.  i can only handle her family (not all, but most) for two days max.  and i don't drink the entire time, as it would just be bad, inititially for them, and then for me... ;)
i am way too nice. -.-
gm, lots of nothing sounds like my kind of day. lots o'nothing is my middle name. can't wait for new years, though that means i'm that much closer to having to go back. you can't make me go back! i want vacation forever!!!
morning bakhan. it wasn't too terribly bad. had good food, did lots of nothing, and all in all relaxed.
i hope everyone had a good / survived christmas!
@trinkets, man what a loss! rip lemmy, don't forget the joker!
good morning kittens!
rip lemmy  https://youtu.be/zjbyydjnp6y
i don't know if anyone here has seen or remembers this episode, but if you do, you'll know why i need it. http://9gag.com/gag/abyqbvp
saw star wars vii in one of those marcus dlx theaters with the really nice recliner seats and everything. i thought it was amazing. my brother thought it was lacking and liked the other ones for the same reasons people thought they weren't as good as they could have been, i.e. the overdoing of things, and the rest of my family loved it just as much as any other star wars movie. i kinda figured most of the twists and surprises out for myself though.
well going 3 times in less than a year with one less delivery guy, maybe making it 0, so they have to hire someone else temporarily to pick up the slack is causing problems for the company. i'd say if he has this kind of record for being detained from work, they could just drop him.
it's not work related though, right? cause if it isn't...you can't really fire him for that...unless it is causing problems for the company.
my delivery guy got thrown in jail for domestic disturbance. third time he's been in since he started 14 months ago. i have my own dum dum.
no thanks, don't want to poison myself. also, i just spent 25 minutes figuring out why my balancing wasn't working....the upload file had put the overtime rate in where a regular rate should have been, since the payroll program for that code takes whatever the rate is, and multiplies it by 1.5, to give the rate....it pissed me off until i dug down into the lines to see what the hell was wrong.
...i have some dum-dums that hou can have...
anyone want to bring me something to eat? i'm starving. >.<
i don't have a mass spectrometer, or else i probably would do that.
@lz: run a chemical analysis of it. you can do that, can't you? or are you scared of what you might find? :p
it didn't taste like cheese and pepperoni. it tasted like oregano with hints of basil, thyme, and tomato. if i tried really hard, i could kind of taste pepperoni.
@lz: i'm not sure how one would go about making a cheese and pepperoni flavored sugar pop in the first place. but i guess if they can have such a thing as bacon whiskey, it's possible.
ugh! pizza dum-dums are awful!
off to see the wizard... the wonderful wizard that is star wars. finally.
i'm usually up for work at 6 am. if it's my day off, 11ish or later. (depends on how tired i am)
oh, but having to wake up early every day is really hell to me. waking up before 7 every day for years for school killed me every day. even though it's still early to me, i'm so grateful for my college schedule. i realize i'll likely have to go back to a "normal" schedule someday, but i'm happy while this lasts. also, who thought up a regular work schedule? they're responsible for everything people face everyday from not enough sleep to the stress that comes from waking up at the same time every day to rush hour traffic and even more things that even decrease productivity at work, which i bet is the opposite of what they had intended.
i got up at 7:30 or 8:30 depending on the day last semester to be up an hour earlier than my first classes and it seems like i'll be doing that again next semester. last year i only had one noon-time class fridays, so i could sleep in like a weekend then, and i really miss being able to do that. i'm good with waking up absurdly early, like 4-5:30, and after 10 is great (the later the better), and 9-10 is ok, but anything in between is like hell to me.
i usually roll out of bed around 8:30 or 8:45 so i can be to work by 9
i also don't usually leave work until anywhere from 5pm-8pm, depending on which payroll we are running, how much there is to adjust, and how long it takes for people to submit it all.
up at 5:50. at work at 6:50. i just wanted to join the fun.
i'm up at 6am, out of the house by 7, working by 8. i don't normally eat anything, or even have my coffee, until around 8:15.
i've been awake for the past 3 1/2 hours or so as of now. i didn't check. i finally got to sleep in. i kept my normal night-owl habits from college when visiting my normal-schedule family. how do you people do things at 8 am?! actually, though i don't like waking up that early, if i am up at 5 am, especially if i've had enough sleep, i love it probably more than any other time. especially when traveling and going to watch sunrise over somewhere like the grand canyon. one of the few national parks so nice it's worth enduring the extra tourists and incredible restrictions that come with national parks rather than state ones. i love morning, i just don't like being awake for it. i'll do it, but it takes effort to get up that early, especially since i never sleep that early.
you started a couple hours ago zem? i've been working for the past 5 hours.
snow! star wars 7! more snow! it's going to be a good day! and i started a couple hours ago. i thought i checked in here, but i guess not.
the only reason i ask is that in modern-time zombicide, the fatties come with an entourage of two walkers. i didn't see anything about that in black plague, though. i think they may have done away with that because of how the necromancer works.
we only played first scenario.
@lz, i didn't read the rules, but i also don't remember anything about entourage rules for fatties being mentioned. i'll ask my buddy and see if he k ow anything.
ooops, just looked back a bit and saw your post about christmas, geist.  we haven't made it to a movie yet, maybe tomorrow.  the weather here kinda sucks today so i'm not planning on doing much.
good morning geist!  my christmas was pretty good.  not a lot of presents, the wife and i decided we're giving each other a big ass house.  and i had to spend the day with my in laws, which is never great, but otherwise it was very nice altogether.  how about yourself?
it did! @doc and trinkets: i love the dashboards! one question i have, though, is whether you saw anything in the rules about the fatties having an entourage. i didn't see anything about that, but i was looking at a pdf on my phone because the rule book i got is in french. we played it as if the fatties don't have an entourage. we won the first quest and lost the second. it's a great game!
did ks eat my comment?
morning pot & gm! how was your holiday?
good morning kittens.  how is everyone fairing this beautiful morning?
well, it's monday morning...it's supposed to be a day in lieu for the holiday that was on saturday...and only my manager and i are in the office so far...and she even beat me to the office this morning! that doesn't happen often...i even got in at my normal time.
trinkets i know the dashboards made it 100% easier than trying to keep track of all your shit...such a nice addition
geist, i'm going back and i'm having a party. but if you're going to school, shouldn't you be enrolled soon? i think until the first week in most colleges is when there's no extra penalties, but i'd try to be in before then. so are you getting the heck out of this job to do it and finding a pleasant smaller one for while you're taking classes or will you grin and bare it? (actually, grin and bare it sounds like mooning them all as you leave on your last day. stick with bearing it.)
doc, we played z:bp today. i'm glad it wasn't too different than the first one. so we picked up on the changes pretty quickly. it was a lot more fun than the original. can't wait to play it again. and with all of the extra figures coming, that's going to be tons of replayability. the dashboards are fantastic. that was a fantastic addition to the game
hope everyone had a nice christmas. i ate too much and watched 4 films over the weekend.  i don't plan on hanging out at a party new years eve. in fact i will be making plans to get back into school this coming spring.
and the original ending. i want an original trilogy without all the added crap. the original went overboard on muppets and the prequels went overboard on cgi, but then it tried to force the cgi on the original trilogy as well. we've always had a working vcr. if not for watching videos, which we do, then for recording tv.
we tried to watch original trilogy today.  i only own it on vhs. i bought it before the special editions where they added all that crap(han shot first!!!). couldn't find a working vcr at my folks place,  lol.
goodtoknow,  doc. we played the original zombicide when it first came out. no other zombicide games since then.  a couple guys have watched play through videos.  we usually play pretty heavy euro games, so we're used to tons of rules stuff to keep track of.  and as always,  whenever we play a game that someone is playing for the first time,  it doesn't count as an actual win for that game. that way there's no pressure to win, just to make sure everyone had the rules down.
geist, on christmas, we watched star wars 5, the one that starts on hoth, the ice planet. but we had snow and will get alot more monday.
trinkets it will take abo u to half the game to figure out some of the rules if you have never played zombicide like me before ....so fun though
one thing that was really strange christmas day: i saw two films that featured a blizzard on screen while the outside of the theater was a balmy 72 degrees.
trinkets, i even avoided the trailers when possible. i really don't want anything even close to a spoiler, though even since not avoiding any internet this whole time, i've only seen one spoiler, and it said spoiler alert, and even though my eyes move too fast to react, it just had a generalized picture and "see more", which was really courteous.
we had some snow, but it's melting a bit, so to make up for all of this warmth (we had enough rain to have a few feet by now had it been colder), we're to get 1 foot on monday! unfortunately, it's going to get really bad around the time we go to see star wars in one of those deluxe theaters with reclining sofas. i'll walk the 50 miles or whatever if i have to, but that definitely throws a wrench in plans.
good to hear, doc. hopefully, we'll be playing it tomorrow.
played a full game of zombicide bp last night and it was fantastic! !!! so.much fun i can't wait to play when i get the rest of my stuff .... was a huge hit!
my steel set was back ordered, but should be here in a few days. a set of stainless steel drink cubes.
j.j. abrams has got a steel set, i grant you that.
i have read a little about some people who complained about the movie. they are morons. is it perfect, no. is it awesome and everything that star wars should be, pretty much yes.  i went in with zero expectations, haven't watched a trailer for it in quite a few months. stayed away from the toys. didn't want anything spoiled.  i sat there with either tears in my eyes or the biggest grin on my face, the whole time.
i've never seen a movie more than once in a theater. besides, our home theater is almost as kickass. and i finally heard yesterday of someone who heard someone say they were slightly disappointed with the new star wars. i think they went in with major expectations and hoping it would cover things it didn't, which is exactly people's problem with 1, 2, and 3. i can't wait, of course, but the movie i've been waiting for much longer and more enthusiastically is deadpool. that movie will be amazing.
i'll see sw7 monday evening. yesterday was awesome. we ended by me and 2 brothers playing empire builder with our own rules of loans and helping each other out (for personal gain) and ended at 1:30 am after almost 6 hours when eli won when i was literally 2 spaces from getting my last pay. that was alot of fun!
i also saw "the hateful eight" and "krampus" yesterday as well. the hateful eight was an hour too long and didn't make a whole lot of sense to me. the story was nowhere as go as inglorious basterds. krampus was listed as a funny horror story and it had its moments but missed the mark. a far superior movie is "rare exports". it doesn't feature krampus but it supposedly shows the true santa clause. really dark and funny.
for me, the record for most viewed movie while in theaters is the adams family. i saw it 8 times in one day. the sequel was a bit of a disappointment but i gradually learned to love it.
it will be the first movie that i have seen 3 times while in the theater.
@trinkets: i saw star wars this morning. better than the prequels, that's for sure.
saw star wars for the second time probably going to see it for a third time tomorrow or sunday. man it is way too awesome
new pc....wtf auto correct
my present to myself is a new c ok mouler but have to wait for my reenlistment  bonus from the army for that because it's going to be about 2k lol.....the wife got a new dishwasher and microwave.....
yah wish i got half the shit i give my kids for xmas lol. ... got my oldest boy an audi tt roadster electric car....thing even has a working fucking radio in it... and can hook a phone to it.....
paddleboard... paddleball. those paddles with a rubber ball attached with an elastic string and you hit them over and over. like in blazing saddles: the warped one. http://s77.photobucket.com/user/zelmo_2006/media/blazing-saddles-325-1.jpg.html
green bay packers are best packers! they're really the only nfl team i care about at all. and i like getting clothes, depending on them. my mom got me a whole box full of really funny t-shirts online, which is great to me. it basically doubled the amount of shirts i have (so, like 6 or 7).
yeah. when i was a kid and used to get socks and underwear.....worst presents evah!!!!! now if i do t get socks or underwear, i'm dissapointed,lol. got a sweet set of old fashioned glasses with green bay packer logos on them. put those bad boys to use last night!!  and a white noise machine.  finally. u can have something to help me sleep without the wife bugging me about the fan being on.
isn't it funny how your gifts change over time? when i was a little kid, stocking stuffers were things like stuffed animals or little toys. this christmas, i had a cigar, cigar cutter and matches, wine-opener multitool from switzerland, ticket to star wars, and a deck of cards my dad found in switzerland with a hot chick on the front. and a paddleboard, because we needed a toy of some sort. funny enough, we all went straight to the paddleboard and had tons of fun with them.
just found out i have to wake up before 8. love for my tendency to stay up till at least 2 am, y u do dis? why do i have to have a normal family? come to the dark seid! creatures of the niiiiiiight!
merry christmas!!!
must be a good christmas. nobody's checked in. i had my christmas eve tuesday and will have christmas saturday, so my actual holidays are just hangin around, scooping snow, getting snacks, playing games, watching the flash with my dad and brother, and then the 4th star wars. that's a great day to me, though, so i'm happy as well. murray kerstmus!
last second white christmas! it's snowed alot over the past weeks, but always above freezing so it melted. it finally stayed at exactly 32 degrees, just tenths of a degree below freezing, long enough to keep maybe 4-6 in.. though it'll get to 34 today. hope it stays finally.
merry christmas everyone
hiya geist - merry christmas to you too!   and to all the kitten corps and backers!  huzzah!
if i hadn't said this before: merry christmas kitten corps! i know i'm a day early but tomorrow will be busy for me. i got 8:30 am tickets for the star wars movie and then i will watch the hateful eight. (that is 5 hours of movie watching) then it's off to a friend's house for christmas dinner. by the time i get home, i will be full of food and contentment.
@melissa thanks i'll do just that.  i just wanted to make sure i hadn't missed an obvious post or anything before i go bugging them with my tiny yellow circle. cheers!
hola again, all! so we've finished the first trilogy (chronologically) in the star wars series, will see 4-6 the rest of the week and 7 on monday. whee!
@gm-  i know baubax kinda screwed up with that last update- i just feel really bad for them.  some people aren't good with public relations and unless you hire someone to handle it....ugh.  they're not even delayed by that much.  but wow. i think they're scared becasue of all the angry backers.  and if they posted "a factory had issues- there will be another delay" people would lose their shit
@ paul- have you contacted support@explodingkittens.com ? i'd take a pic and email them.
well, since my boss told me i can leave whenever i feel comfortable leaving....i'm going to leave now. if i don't pop back in here(or if any of you don't - i'm looking at you, yeah, you know who you are!) before hand, merry christmas and happy new year to all. and may your kittens be every explosive.
and the creators of the project behind my last comment just sent a new update...with no new information....just a discount on another purchase of their product....which no one has received yet....that is one that i can't deny people having issues with.
man...some people really have no clue about production, delays that could happen to production, shipping delays, or even the entire concept of what crowd-funding really entails. i'm getting tired of explaining the same stuff to people(actually just telling them to look at the latest update) over and over, usually 2-3 comments after my last time telling them to refer to the comment. on a better note.....only 2 more hours until i can go home and not be back until monday(which should be a holiday for us, but because of the way payroll falls, i need to work it).
i don't have any misprints on my deck. that's unfortunate. maybe you can color it in so it's unnoticeable.
@paul: i think you're the only one that has brought it up. i will have to check when i get home, but don't think i saw it when i looked at the cards(only looked at the front anyway).
hi all, so i was out of the country when my exploding kittens and have only recently opened my package and been playing with friends.  however my friends quickly noticed that one of the exploding kitten cards has a yellow circle "misprint" on the back that makes it obvious that it's an exploding kitten.  has this issue been brought up?
ohhhhhhhh. now i get it.
yes, jibbers crabst was born on christmas, but tomorrow is christmas eve. calling today christmas adam is the lame joke my family does.
i'll celebrate krampus day and go out and scare the heck out of the bad little boys and girls.
for those who might need to be let in on what festivus is.... https://youtu.be/y8rzt-vj2gu
happy festivus!! mission accomplished. mostly. used vacation and left work early. got in a seriously awesome nap. on my way to pick up poutine ingredients!!!
isn't christmas the day jibbers crabst was born? i don't think adam and eve were born on that day.
hahaha! work. lol.
boo lunchtime...i'm already done all my food. except my apple, which i save for mid afternoon snack.
yay, lunch time! where i don't need to look busy because i can actually sit here and just enjoy my bison stew.
yes, adam. because in the bible, adam came before eve
nothing like auditing the pay rates in both the payroll systems....
adam?
i wish i could look busy. big check run today and then i have to crack the whip to get people to process their invoices that are sitting in the system before month end.
happy christmas adam, everyone!
is today over yet? no?....well shit, only another ~8hours of looking busy.
what trinkets said but without the poutine.
good morning!  i can't wait to be done with work today and enjoy my 4 days off. hopefully watch star wars again. get some much deserved napping in. maybe get around to making poutine. i can't wait.
they made the english version available online
really? no english instructions?! not even a pathetic attempt? ` oh gosh, 6 bowls of lobster bisque, and that's just the majority of what i ate. tonight we watch the second star wars on our journey to finishing them before next monday with all that's going on this week.
@lz: google translate to the rescue!
me: "z:bp came today! squeeee!" *opens package* "oh, this is sweet" *looks at rule book* "nooooo! it's in freeeennnnnnch!"
i just watched the video for that...and really? it's uno except you don't draw cards, you lose lives. that is ridiculously pathetic strategy for making a game.
good thing killer kittens doesn't stand a chance. we've only had one knockoff make it through. geist, i think of sklorz every once in awhile. either he gave up or learned his lessons and knows how to hide. just spent about half an hour or more at our snack buffet type thing with tons of types of cheese, meat, crackers, and sundry homemade christmas treats trying all the different types with my family. i'm definitely having a good time, bakhan.
just means that you and gm are rubbing off on me.
@geist, as a canadian, i offically approve of your usage of eh. effin eh!
don't go giving them ideas.
$35 eh? where did i see that before? i'm surprised they didn't offer an autographed deck for $500
did you look at the pricing and the types of card decks.  ie: the nsfw deck... cost for both is $35...
attack of the killer kitten? wtf? it looks like uno only with kittens on the cards. and they want $10,000 for this? good luck.
@zem, that sounds wonderful!  hope you have a good time!
has anyone seen the new ek knock-off?  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1644400400/attack-of-the-killer-kittens/description
@geist, just remember to wish them a merry kiss-my-ass, pronounced christmas... ;)
speaking of scammers: our dice guy hasn't shown his face in a long while.
@gm, i was just thinking something annoying that you have the click everytime you want to post something, and where the box you click moves so you have to look at it, just as a reminder.  some people are just way too entitled.  not saying of course that there aren't some scammers out there...
just a couple hours left! i'm having christmas tonight, actually, since it's the only time we could all make it this week. our christmas eve supper is something i look forward to all year. lobster bisque and oyster stew are the main things and everything else tends to change. no idea what we're having with it, but plenty of food and some family we rarely see. too bad they never had time to decorate the tree this year.
year end financial business: the time of the year when people wait until the last damn minute to get s**t done.
@bakhan: you mean have kickstarter make you sign a waiver, making any and all complaints void? unless, of course, it's a few years later and you still haven't received it(such is the case with one i have backed unfortunately).
@gm, yes it is true.  i think that when you log in, you should have to check off a box that says you realize that this is not a pre-order and there are no guarantees...
@geist, no way!  i set this up for today.  i am normally way busier than i like to be, but when i'm planning on a couple of days off, or holidays, i prep my customers for my absence a day in advance of when i'm actually leaving.  that way, the day before (today) is an easy day!  my phone message already says that i'll be back on the 29th, and my out of office assistant is on for my email.  now i just need to avoid the generic phone calls and walk in customers... thats the real challange, oh and look busy... ;)
so many people are way to quick to cry scam with ks projects.
@gm: i don't have that problem. we currently have a back up of 1000 invoices that we need to get paid before december 31 so now i'm helping to process those invoices. plus there is going to be a huge check run tomorrow, so i will have to deal with that. looking busy? i wish. (don't get me wrong. i'm grateful to have this job)
@geist: i need to look busy for the next 6-ish hours...and i've had to look busy since i started today. tomorrow, will probably be even more trying to look busy. though, with practically all the management/vp team on holiday...i really only have to worry about my own manager.
@bakhan: would you like to trade with me? now i just need to look busy for 5 hours.
i got all the add-ons, except the heart tokens and the plastic tokens. though, i did get 3 of the dice.
@gm, sweet good luck!  yeah, that shipping is cheap!  did you get many of the add-ons?  i haven't had a chance to go over mine yet, but i believe that i did pledge for most of the add-ons.  i can't wait for the four horsemen!
also, bakhan, i found out how much shipping on to:7s is going to be for me, and honestly, it's not all that bad. thought it would be more than the slightly under $34 it's going to cost.
i'm waiting on the actual division managers now....a whole 8-ish hours early getting it to them. hell, i think tomorrow might be a short day because there won't be a whole lot to do.
so i just convinced my customer to wait for approval for something next year, thusly removing the only thing i actually had to do today!  now i just need to look busy for 5 hours.... ;)
if they don't want their money, you can always send it to me. :-)
you would think that with people needing their money and all that payroll approvals would be at the top of the list of urgent matters.
well, i got the approval from the regional manager that i waited all day yesterday for. now to make the adjustment, hope nothing else goes wrong, and pay people by end of the day....hopefully.
morning gm. how is work treating you so far?
morning kittens.
i'm going to try making bone broth in the new year now that i have my organic connection. the collegen is suppose to be very good for your joints and will smooth away wrinkles to boot!
@geist, nope, i'm done juice fasting for this year.  i hit my 100lbs goal, and now i'm just kinda coasting through the holidays.  i will be hitting it extra hard next year, as i want to get to my goal wieght by the end of may.  i'm not even sure at this point what that will be yet, but probably somewhere close to 200lbs.  almost 7 years ago i was down to 210 lbs, and i didn't feel that i had anymore to lose at that time.  i have lost some muscle mass since then, so given that i will rebuild some of that (i don't need to be some muscle bound freak) and hopefully if required get any excess skin removed, i think i can reach 200.  we will see, but i'm hopeful!
i'll try not to let that happen bakhan. unfortunately, our finance system at work has created a huge fuster cluck and we are working with tech support to get this resolved. the cfo and ceo are on my back and it doesn't help that this isn't my fault in the first place. i plan on ordering my movie ticket online and get some laundry done this evening. i can't help the messy state of my apartment but i'm sure i can get it spic and span before the new year. still on the juice cleanse?
@geist, you can do it! get home, throw your laundry in, run out pick up your wine coolers and movie ticket, get back home throw your laundry in the dryer, drink a couple of the extra wine coolers you bought!  and relax....! and whatever you do, don't let those bastards get you down!
morning you two. @trinkets: getting through the next 48 hours is the only goal i have in mind. i'm off xmas eve and i still have to pick up the wine coolers that i'm bringing to my friend's house for dinner. plus i need to wash a bunch of laundry and purchase my xmas movie ticket.
good morning kittens! today is my last work day until the 29th! whoo hoo!
good morning geist. epic day planned?
morning kittens.
my buddy said that the tracking info for his copy of z:bp kept getting delayed from last saturday to today. but he still ended up getting it last saturday. it looks really nice. i like the dashboard. and how it fit sleeved cards. but the spot in the game box doesn't hold sleeved cards. figures look great. hopefully we will get a game of that in friday night.
preston, check the last update.
i have still not received my copy? cmon meowww!!
i got game. well, 2 games of my own now, and an awesome 2-set card decks set thingamabopper. and then computer games.
that sucks..... it's amazeballs.....i played a few solo games....really good
my black plague was delayed by a day, so i won't be getting it until wednesday.
@doc: me neither. bakhan and i will probably be setting up games nights when we get them, and who knows, maybe from there it might grow? and when i get myself a condo, i will be able to hold games night there as well.
i just wish i could afford more games lol....and i need more people to play with! i don't have much of a gaming group anymore....
@gm so worth the wait though!
@doc: that's good news. i'm still waiting on one that shipped recently, coming from europe so it could be a bit still, and just got the pledge manager for the others: 7 sins, and hopefully mid january, the pm for folklore: the affliction. that only leaves one pm, and one survey(unless they use a pm) then i wait...and wait.
alright i have now got almost every ks game i have pledged for.......so hyped....just got posthuman today....core box of zombicide, dice box , and a game i got for the kids all last week.... so much fun!
i just got off the phone with a customer who had the best scottish accent! aye it was a bonnie accent d'ya ken?
@zem, i know, right? that's what i was expecting the dum-dum to taste like. but it really tastes like bacon.
man, i feel sorry for the peak design team. they are getting a lot of backlash due to not everyone having their rewards by christmas....and honestly, this time of year isn't the best for sending items through the mail, and people need to realize that.
most bacon flavored things taste like bacon bits, which don't taste like bacon very much.
hello ex prez. how's it shaking?
bacon dum-dums taste like bacon. or rather, like very smoky bacon grease.
you again! because of you, tep, i still use 9gag all the time. any star wars spoilers on the cute section? the hotpage has been safe so far. bye!
hi guys and gals! cuteness overload!: http://9gag.com/gag/azjgb7q almost done with work and then it's on to writing the first chapters of the book next week. bye!
and a merry messy kweeznuz
$1 cad gets 0.48 gbp... sigh... this is going to impact my fun on kickstarter as well.  oh well, not much i can do about it. @zem, have fun, and if i don't see you here before hand, have a merry christmas!
geist, of course it did. it was expected to have the new record opening weekend sales. looks like it made it, too, by $30,000 over jurassic world. so this is what it looks like when i miss a whole morning? i guess it was my fault for not checking in earlier and i don't think i'll check in for awhile now. christmas break is for lounging and lazing around and playing games and stuff, so i may not be on here much again until something like january 12th or whenever i go back.
@bakahn: it's better than the u.s. dollar and the british pound. i'd only get $.63 for every dollar i'd exchange.
@bakhan: yeah, if this trip to vegas in january wasn't already planned, and practically paid for(i just owe phil money for the flights), then i wouldn't be going either.
well, i guess its going to be a while till i can visit the states again. >:(  our dollar just fell to 0.72 american.  after bank fees i'll lose over 30 cents per dollar.  stupid canadian economy!
mild to you lz is probably a tad pain inducing to me. we will see. if the fish sauce goes great with the dressing, i'l probably order much more. i'm bringing the brimstone to the family christmas feast to see how they like it. maybe they will want to order some as well.
to:7s pm is live!
@geist: the original inferno is actually kind of mild. @bakhan: thanks. and dum-dums are little lollipops
@bakhan: i can agree with the most people thinking about what they are saying next and not listening. i've had to explain the same thing at least 5 times to some people, all in the same 15minutes for them to even start understanding. and then there are the people that don't read properly(get a change form saying the guy went from being a driver to dispatcher...in those same words...and still needing to explain it. -.-). as for what i said with the not being able to guarantee, i put that, in those same words, on a verification of employment...and the person calls me wondering why the hours on his stub don't match what i put. -.-
i got my sauce lz. gonna use it one some of the christmas food leftovers that i get this year and when i make my next batch of salad dressing. i'm also cooking some pig feet for new years so i'll try some of the fish sauce on that. i dunno about that brimstone one. it looks like it could take out my insides with one drop.
dum-dums, are they like jelly beans?
@lz, good to hear you're doing well!  i you aren't back before hand, have a very merry christmas! you deserve it bro!
i got an awesome thing at the white elephant part of the christmas party. it's a decorative bundle of dum-dums that are all mystery flavored. each one tastes like buttered popcorn, pizza, or bacon.
@gm, you had me at people don't listen!  i think most people are too busy trying to remember what they wanted to say next to bother listening to the person they are "talking" to.  it happens all the time here as well.  thats why i don't do my designs verbally any more, i have a sheet they need to fill out, that way, if its missing, or needs to be redesgined, its their fault and i can charge them for it!  hope your day gets better!
i'm still alive. i've been super busy with planning the department christmas party and the department gingerbread house contest (both happened on different days), and then running those things. i've also been trying to avoid the internet until after i see star wars tomorrow evening. i'm glad people got and like their sauce!
@bakhan: just got the email inviting me to it, that makes this day slightly(like a micrometer) better. problem is, people don't listen when you tell them that you can't guarantee what the average hours for someone is because of the nature of the business.
have i ever mentioned how unworthy people are of expending enough effort to actually hate them? ;)
our theater had 16 showings on saturday. they were anywhere from half full to sold out. i'm guessing all fridays were sold out
have i ever mentioned how much i hate people? nope.
@gm, good morning! the pledge manager for to:7s is live!
have i ever mentioned how much i hate people? also, i prefer sitting near the middle of the theater, just so my neck isn't killing me by the end. also, so i can spot all the hotties coming in, and going out. gives me a good view of the entrance/stairs(just so i can watch them going down the stairs).
before my eye sight deteriorated, i use to be the one to sit in the front row when i go to the movies. i like to have the screen fill up my vision so that i can immerse myself the the story. @trinkets: i'm surprised you were able to purchase a ticket at all. with this movie being so popular, i felt sure that all the theater seats would be fully booked until the beginning of the new year.
funny story about it. my father and i hit taco bell for a quick bite to eat (they almost share a parking lot). we walked into the theater and got our tickets. it was 12:25. she said the theater will open up in a few minites. they were cleaning it after the last showing. so we were first in line so we could get the best seats. we waited and waited as people walked past us to the next theater showing star wars. i thought that was weird that they were already waiting for the 2:10 showing when the 1:10 showing was the next one. so i checked our stubs, the lady actually had us going to the 12:10 showing that had started 15 minutes ago. why would anyone want to not see the beginning of a movie? so we told her and we got to go to the correct theater then. best part was the best seats in that theater were still open. for some reason, everyone took the seats down in front. ok, not that funny, but it was to us.
i think regular showings are $10.50.
yep. the 1:10 matinee in town. we weren't sure if they would be doing matinee pricing for thus on opening weekend, but they did. our town is under 10,000 people. the only theater in town has 6 screens. 4 of which, had star wars.
@trinkets: you each paid only $6.25 for your ticket?
good morning and happy holidays trinkets & bakhan!
good morning geist, bakhan. well, $12.50 came from me and my father.
good morning kittens!
$238,000,000. that is how much the new star wars movie made from thursday to sunday. over half a billion dollars worldwide. i knew the movie would make money but i had no idea that it would made that kind of bread. and we haven't even hit the christmas holiday yet.
like metal gear solid? (every word in that sentence was capitalized!) dave. dave! daaaaaaveee!!!!! *ded*
dave come back to us!!!
daaaaaave!!!!
what?
damn
using this method, hopefully i don't get a horrible respiratory flu/ strep throat twice and the worst fever of my life all within one month again. last winter was not my best by any means. my brother, who didn't get as bad a fever from me, had a temp. of 103-104. mine was undoubtedly worse and yet i had to attend classes or risk missing too much to catch up on. he got out of like 4 days of school. pussy. funnily enough, i felt cold like a normal person for the first time in my life, so it was educational at the least.
i just realized the perfect way to avoid sickness all winter: never leave your house. if you have people living with you, make sure they never leave either and live in a bubble when they go to get groceries. no direct external human contact means it's incredibly unlikely you'll get sick. if one does, quarantine them and sanitize everything in the vain hopes you haven't picked it up. i plan to use this method by living only in my family's house until the next semester.
i believe it is in the book of alton brown to the hungry... "so sayeth, he who consume of the chicken and the waffle together, shall enjoy a meal of holy deliciousness. thy taste buds be fulfilled."
mmmm... i don't normally really like eggnog, but a farm near here makes the best eggnog i've ever had! it's amazing! i don't know how they spice it, but even i even love it!
really? where? i don't recall that. the only time it's really evil is chicken and waffle flavored chips. those are demon spawn. smells and tastes like satan had explosive diarrhea. well, maybe not that bad, but it didn't make any sense. some were chicken flavored, some waffle, and some syrup flavored. syrup flavored chips. they messed that one up.
chicken and waffles, together, are evil. says so in the bible.
chicken and waffles?
what are you making that you weren't sure?
good news! it looks like i'll be able to purchase the ingredients for new years dinner.
ah, christmas sunday church. i apologized profusely to my mom if we ever sang like those kids. she didn't say we did, but judging by her sarcastic snuff...
yes. he's break dancing front and center.
darth jar jar? no, he wouldn't steal one of his own tie fighters. well that ruins that theory! but if that actually did happen now, no matter how hilarious it would be, i'd be profoundly disappointed at and impressed with you! the funniest non-spoilers are ones that sound fake and funny, but then they're astounded when it happens. hard to pull off though. speaking of which, is jar jar in the song and dance routine? he has to be.
zem, apart from point in episode vii , where jar jar steals a tie fighter, crashes it into a taco stand on tatooine,  then a bunch of gungans pop out and do a song and dance routine, you should be a happy camper.
i saved millions of dollars by not doing it, so i feel better than you guys for being frugal.
bleerrrgh... 4 ks projects i've been waiting on have all finally begun shipping.  a lot of them pushed to be to backers by christmas.  i'm so impatient!!
trinkets, i said no spoilers! that's 3 letters too many!  but is it true that it's at least as good as the original trilogy at their best? that's all i've heard and all i care to know.
@trinkets: i will be seeing that movie on xmas day
ok. episode vii. wow. that is all.
@gm, i'm so happy to have finally been able to get those sauces to you!
i don't know if you got a new batch of fish sauce, geist, but mine is really cinnamony, so it's still good, just not for what i'd originally wanted. if you got the batch after he fixed that, i want to see if it goes well with certain things, especially a salmon steak. my favorite is probably the inferno only because of how freaking magical it is with macaroni! and for its versatility.
i just had to come on today to post a review for the mad cow(first one i've tried) it is awesome. the heat slowly building in the back of the throat, nice smoky flavour...all in all, i don't see it lasting too long here.
@lz: got my hot sauce! the fish sauce looks good. will post the first recipe that i plan to use the sauce with. maybe i should cook some greens & use the zombie sauce with it.
my family and i will marathon the movies this weekend and try to find some time this week when as many of us can watch as possible. we all live close enough, but one brother works night shifts, another is on christmas break but works at an airport, two of us are on simple christmas break, my mom is a nurse and has i think 12 hour shifts 3-4 days a week, and my dad has a regular full-time job. i dare you to even try to make a schedule work out!
my brother and a cousin have both seen it, and i know have been discussing it. time to log off of the interwebz and get prepared for the upcoming epicness!!!!
10 minutes!!!
the only time i was scared about spoilers was for the ek box surprise. i haven't seen literally any on facebook, twitter, or even meme sites! people aren't that big of jerks.
what did i say? couldn't sleep until after 5, and that's after the ice pack i took with me to sleep was warm and i just had to deal with it. i think the only reason even a second degree burn hurt that bad was because it was on my fingertip, one of the most sensitive parts of your body. that was agony.
30 minutes to go! !!
howdy, geist. off to have lunch, then finally see episode vii.
congratulations on all of your good news doc!
https://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/2749419/blood-rage… here's the ram clan from blood rage. i wanted more of a  'dirty' look, so i skipped the highlighting after the wash was applied.
especially when starting out, top end stuff can be a waste of money. i am in no means a master. but i do a pretty good job. i'll see if any of mine are on bgg.
doc, don't buy anything until i can work up which youtube videos to watch first, and i can put together the info i learned the hard way.
i will probably start with zbp when i do....but will need to put a bit of money into paints and such and don't know were to start yet lol
i have not got into painting yet.....
bad news is, i only have 2 clans of blood rage painted and 4 clans to go. z:bp will have to wait to be painted. and them next spring, conan by monolith and the 350+ figures and terrain to paint for that.  maybe i need to quit my job,lol.
great news, doc. my buddy should be getting his today as well.
zombicide bp is on the truck for delivery!!!!!!!! all the yes!
sucks about the finger, zem.  shouldn't affect you much.  unless you have plans for bowling.
i have fully stayed away from twitter, facebook, and other websites since episode vii was released. wow. it's not easy. i have to fight against the urge to hit those icons and check up on everybody.  less than 4 hours to go. i hope i can make it!
5 - 1/2 hours until episode vii.
exploding bacon whiskey ?!!?!?? that's awesome.  i'm sure it was messy,but awesome.
right ring fingertip, not middle. still an inconvenience, but not a finger i use for everything. man, even to type, it's like someone holding a lighter to my finger. i've cooked things for 6-10 minutes and they weren't nearly that hot! i'm starting to see it's all one big blister, so a significant second-degree burn! this is so weird!
wow, cooked something in the microwave for 2:30, and when i brought it out, it instantly seared my middle fingertip. if i take it off of the ice pack for literally one or two seconds, i'm in extreme agony. thankfully it goes away nearly instantly, but now i don't even feel cold from an ice pack or water, just not burning, which is good as well. this will make sleeping very interesting in a way i wish i didn't have to endure.
it made me happy. there were other games there, and i started scanning the shelves like "where is it? it has to be here!!" and bam. you can see it on the kitten corps twitter page. :)
that's awesome, creeper! next time i'm there, i'll have to look it up. i've heard of that place. there's a book shop here that has 2 big, fluffy, cuddly kitties. one is always in the window keeping watch or sleeping while the other is either in the window displays or around the shop checking out the people. i haven't been there in awhile. but of course ek was there! and of course it was well played! what'd you expect?!
today i went to the meow parlour (cat cafe) finally!  roomie and i walked past adn asked if they'd take a walk in!  we got to sit among sooo many pretty - albeit - sleepy cats.  i looked around at the books and games... guess what was there?  exploding kittens!  and the cards seemed quite a bit used, which made me very happy.  once i took a few pics, and opened the "meow" box... i set it down and saw some guys run over and get it to play.  woo hoo!
i know this is late - but last thanksgiving we tried to make a bacon whiskey.  saved all that bacon fat from cooking strained it, etc.  followed all the directions, had it resting a few hours, and out of nowhere, the bottle shattered.  just.. exploded.  it makes zero logical sense.  it was really really odd.  no more bacon whiskey.
i go to a graduation and you talk about pointy bacon without me?! *huffs* pointy candy canes maybe?
i just waited 4-5 hours to hear 2 words, my brother's name. so glad he graduated in winter! i think i'll graduate after the summer semester when nobody goes.
muhahahahaha.
trinkets made me do it!
sorry. won't happen again.
oh sure, i go out for lunch with a customer and you guys talk about bacon without me? *huffs* ;)
one of my favorite songs. https://youtu.be/0pyuqjxbzac
maybe french bacon?
maybe the bacon gets pointy on one end when it cooks?
@trinkets: what kind of bacon do you eat that is pointy?
i like rum mixed with fruit juice.
morning kittens. i prefer bacardii oak heart. it's a very nice rum. or krakken rum, that one is amazing as well.
pointy bacon?
i was getting a pointy thing shoved into my mouth at the time. and no, it wasn't the pleasant kind of pointy thing.
@geist, well it isn't a conversation, unless you join us... ;)
wait, you guys are talking about booze without me here? *huffs*
back from the dentist. the bad news is that there is lots of work to be done on my mouth. the good news is that it isn't as bad as i thought it would be considering that i'd not seen a dentist in 20 years and i eat plenty of sweets and never floss. if i had waited another 10 years, i'd start losing teeth. now i have a chance to save my mouth.
i leave you alone for one morning and you're already talking about rum at 10:40 am?! good, i'd be worried if you weren't. it is worrying that geist didn't bring it up first, though. yay, my older brother is finally officially graduating college (though staying another semester yet after that). party! but no food until then. and not much of a breakfast to go off of.
when it comes to rum, i like most of it except for white rum.  for whatever reason it gives me gut rot.  but a nice cuban, dominican, or jamacian rum is hard to beat!  when i was in the dominican the resort i was staying at called their high test rum "gasolina" it was wonderful!  it took me a day to find out about it though.  the first day i think i had around 20 drinks and was barely buzzed.  when i asked the bar tenders about it, they were like, oh, you want the gasolina!  after trying it i agreed! so tasty, even straight up! oh and the mamajuana was particularly tasty as well! shots shots shots!
i've never had the dark rum. i do highly recommend the captain morgan private stock. so smooth. just on the rocks. probably good neat, i just prefer rocks. man, i want a bottle.
well bill murray played the masochistic patient didn't he?
oh and i had a customer give me a 26 of cap'n morgans dark rum, so it could be a rummy christmas afterall! ;)
morning bakhan. i'm trying to remember if jack nicholson or bill murray was in the role originally.
@geist, ouch!  every time i go to the dentist i think of steve martin singing that song from little shop of horrors! yikes!
@doc, congrats man! sounds like a sweet gig!
@gm, imma gonna text you!
good morning kittens!
trust me, i need to see the dentist. it's been over 10 years since my last appointment
good morning geist.  ouch and double ouch.
morning kittens & happy friday. i got a dentist appointment around noon and an important meeting with tech support. should be a busy day for me.
just meant he may not be as playful the older he gets. usually cats get pretty calmed out by the time they're 1-2 though they still play some. kittens love to play all the time, which is one reason they're so cute.
he should grow out of it eventually, though i'd have fun with him while you can.
or a time out! haha...when he gets really psychotic, i'll put him in the next room and shut the door.  his little paw jutting underneath is so cute.
to update:  working on al kinds of training for kitten.  i've done the mama cat thing.  i scruff his neck and hiss, and move him away.  doesn't phase him.  i disengage and walk away.  doesn't work- though not always easy to do ten times at night.  i distract with other toys- most effective.  on days when i can give him the most attention, i'm not attacked as much.  he usually just walks up and says "hey...hey..." with tapping my leg. also- don't plan on seeing star wars anytime soon. also- baking a lot.
well i doubt your new unit will be entirely comprised of absolute assholes, so you're set there, and maybe you'll see your buddies again. nice job with the promotion!
i will miss my unit but it's to good to pass up....
congratulations,  doc !!
just got a call today asking if i want to take a 5 slot in amedd ....fuck yes i want a promotion to sgt to one of the best places to work as a medic....
happy day! i got a bottle of jim beam from the xmas exchange. when peaches are in season next year, i will make some peach bourbon.
@bakhan: not sure if you're checking this anymore today....but what's happening tomorrow?
yippee, now for weeks of food, family, celebration, and time for nothing but sitting down and playing games!
this day went from being awesome as i'm off tomorrow, to %!y^*(%!%&@(%^&(ght$(#&t(#$ really fast. >.<
ok, no episode 7 discussion here. maybe over at the litter box?
bakhan, i read too fast for that. by the time i realized what was happening, i'd be halfway through the comment and would likely have spoiled something with which i could unravel a major part of the plot no matter how much i tried to forget it. happens all the time and i really hate my brain. i'll pressure my family into watching it probably between christmas and new years though.
hmmm... i'm not going to see it until some time in the new year.  how about if anyone is going to post a spoil, they preface it in bold.  something like: starwars spoiler text text text this way those of us who don't want it spoiled don't have too... anyone?
i probably won't be seeing it for at least a week. i didn't buy advance tickets, and i'm not crazy(or stupid enough) to try and buy them at the theater. i would be forced to sit in the front row, and injure my neck trying to watch it.
i will be going to the 1:10 pm  cst showing on saturday.  so along with zem, no spoilers,please.
@zem, he never asked, this was the only project he backed, and that was his only comment.  so i guess my response is, with no comments (that we can see), indefinitely... ;)
dariusz, if you've asked, we've answered, though it may have been pushed way down since this morning: check the last update! the comments aren't the best place to get answers, but the updates are there for good reasons. the last update tells you how to get in contact with the team so they can help you.
even easier than i thought. took less than half an hour!
i still don't have the game... how many years will i have to wait till i get a response?
the company gift exchange is in 20 minutes. i purchased a bottle of courvoisier to give to someone. came in well under budget for the booze. will be curious to see what i end up with.
also, if anyone spoils star wars, i will find you, and i will sick leonidas on you to bite you and claw your feet for all eternity. though i don't know, but i don't think any of us are seeing it soon. i'll probably see it sometime in the coming weeks with my family. now off to my final final! really easy, straight from notes, all multiple choice, and then to pack like i should have yesterday but didn't because it would've been pretty complicated since i still needed everything.
@zem: fluid ounce is typically used when you are using weight in your measurements...1 fl oz is 99.999~% accurate to being the same as 1 oz. according to one chef i worked for at least.
bakhan, i've seen that and use it sometimes. and we don't know liters? like how we don't drink out of 2-liter bottles and stuff like that? i probably know liters better than fl. oz. because those make no sense.
@bakhan: i remember traveling to disneyland in 2005, and trading canadian money, on par, with us money. we came out ahead, not very much, but it was still ahead.
@geist, lol! more than you really are... hehehe i remember i was in florida a couple of years ago, when our dollars were at par and i had someone tell me "i like canadian money, its almost like real money..." i almost died laughing!
@bakhan: i like the ml measurement. makes it seem like your are getting more then you really are.
@zem that reminds me of another logic problem... http://deanhunt.com/proof-that-women-are-evil/
@gm, you probably should have said 16 fluid ounces for our american friends... they probably won't get ml... ;) makes me think of super troopers, "i want a litre cola" "umm i don't think we have litre cola..."
drinks => moderation moderation => sissies therefore:  drinks => sissies?!
have your drinks, in moderation, moderation is for sissies.
i tend to have a 500(of whatever the amount is) ml bottle of soda every two weeks. i drink water(i think my water bottle is at least 450ml, and fill it 3-4 times a day) more often than not.
lol! that list was hilarious!  most of them, were, you don't say... does anyone eating that stuff think its actually good for you?  i would definitely watch out for the empty carbs before worring about bacon.  the biggest single thing you can do to help with weight loss / weight maintenance is avoid white carbs, white flour, white rice, sugar, etc.  if thats all you did to change your diet, it would go a long way.  try to limit your carbs to whole grains, whole wheat flour, brown rice, oats, etc., to once a day.  i guarantee in a month you'll lose 10lbs. (depending on how much of the white stuff you were going through, of course).  the other thing, cut soda out of your diet, i know a guy who lost 30lbs (all his excess weight) by doing that.  more so than anything, a treat is a treat, a once in a while thing, its your regular diet that makes the biggest impact!  so have bacon, just not at every meal, and have your drinks, in moderation, and you won't have any issues because of them.  if you know you're coming up on an event that you normally have issues with, ie: thanksgiving or a buffet, etc., a couple of days before hand, drastically reduce your calorie intake.  this will help shrink your stomache a little and make it easier for you to stop yourself from overeating.  oh well, theres always going to be articles like those, i just wish they would put them into perspective for people, rather than just saying all of these things are bad, and you're bad if you eat them.
i'm gonna eat bacon no matter what. and that is that. same with booze.
some of those are really specific, like the author hated those things. others are just things you should avoid no matter your age. in total: that's a stupid list.
...what the hell did i just read? i call bs on a lot of what is said in the slide show. http://www.msn.com/en-ca/health/wellness/30-foods-you-should-never-eat-after-age-30/ss-bbnav1a…
there are poutine flavoured ruffles chips, they are a tad salty, but damn are they good....i might end up buying a bag for the weekend on my way home. >.>
you know, poutine sounds exactly like something america would love. fries, cheese, and gravy. why has that never caught on?! i only know one place near me that has it (really good too), and i'm pretty sure i've had it in wisconsin. other than that, only even been to canadia once, so i haven't had much of a chance, though i love it.
before college, i had only slept past noon twice in my life. now i do it practically every chance i get. even if i would stay up till 4 or so, i'd wake up just slightly before noon. now i go to sleep at 2-3 and i wake up any time between 11-1.
with the exception of landmark theaters or any independent movie house (do those even exist any more?) i don't purchase food or drink from the movie chains. too pricey to spend on a movie that might suck.
margaritas on the go!
the biting the scruff might work. on the other hand,  i'm sure cats think we're big dumb hairless food bringers and belly rubbers.
@trinkets: nice! i would be able to freeze booze in that flask and have it nice and cold when i sneak it into the movie theater.
*waves at creeper* is new york snowed in yet?
@gm, you were supposed to have known that... (more mind reading...)
@creeper, heya!  hope you're doing well, i'd nip that biting problem now before he grows up too much, definitely a habit that will need to be broken.  when he bites you, i'd bite him back, on the nape of his neck, like his mom would have done.  that will teach him not to bite, without hurting him.  fur in the mouth though... ugh!
they missed something in my job description...."must be able to read minds"...
@lz and doc, congrats, and indeed huzzah! i probably won't see mine till after christmas, but hopefully before the new year as i'd like to get to painting... ;)
yeah- you should see my arms and legs.  i look like i walked through thorn bushes.  he had a time out today.  had to lock him out of room becasue i couldn't eat my breakfast.  he grabs on and doesn't let go.  also bites cheeks.  psycho kitty. (qu'est ce que)  but he's still so cute.  when he's finally tuckered out he just wants to curl up against me and hug my arm.
are we talking about poutine again?
geist http://www.urbanoutfitters.com/urban/catalog/productdetail.jsp…
*doc. boy,  phone must have done it up good.  hopefully it left me some brandy
alright, soc!
woot i'm with you lz got my shipping notification for the bp can't wait for friday....
i would love it if my phone was s flask instead of a lush
ha! i had forgotten about that bakhan. i'm going to have to seriously consider buying that. the only reason why i hesitate is because i tend to put my phone in my bra when i'm not using it so anything i had to it will have to be slim enough to fit up there or my back pocket.
@geist, unless your phone isn't a phone at all, but a flask! right? ;)
my phone must have found the brandy the things our phones do when we are not looking.
@trinkets, its fries, and cheese curds layered, and then covered in piping hot gravy, to melt the curds.  the reason you use cheese curds is they don't melt the same way shreded cheese does, they soften, and get a little melty, but maintian their cheesy goodness.  so each forkful has a different combination of cheese and fries and gravy.  maybe i need to skip out for lunch right now... poutine calling!
*covered my phone must have found the brandy.
gm. i live in wisconsin.  real cheese curds are not a problem.  :-d so, it's homemade thick cut fries, covered in cheese curds, then,  coveted in gravy?
the best poutine i ever had was made by a french chef at a little bistro by my work.  hand cut fries, home made beef gravy, fresh cheese curds, and then baked in the oven.  oh god it was good, and cheep, it was only four bucks, and way better than the stuff you get at the fast food places.  he should have charged more, then he would probably still be in business...
@trinkets: unless they are real cheese curds, it isn't real poutine.
well, i have never purposely made poutine, but in my yout, i have made similar dishes. i should probably hit the grocery store tonight.
1500 until 100,000 comments!
@geist, lol!  well, to each their own....  its a bit far for my wife and i to make the later happen during lunch... ;) so i guess today i'll just stick to the former! ;)
@gm: i think most men would agree with you. ;-)
@geist: poutine is awesome, anytime of the day, or year. ;)
well i guess imma have to have a poutine for lunch now poutine always sounds like it means something else whenever i see this word.
morning kitty cats! @trinkets: you and i must be on the same page. i so wanted to call out today (it's all overcast and rainy) but seeing as i'm still in my 3 month probationary period at this company, i thought that might not be a good idea.
morning kittens!
@sheri, have you checked out the lastest update?  lots of helpful folks waiting to help you out!
i haven't received my game...wanted to play it on ny eve with my pals!
well i guess imma have to have a poutine for lunch now... damn... ;)
good morning kittens!
congrats on the addition, creeper.  yeah, attack cats can test your pain threshold. my cousin had a kitten that would leap,  grab onto, and attack your head.  glad he grew or of that phase.
good morning all! should have called in sick today.  not because i'm sick, but i could use more sleep. i had 7 restful hours.  that's typical for a work night for me.  i feel like i slept 2 hours.  ugh. maybe i will take later half of the day off. i do still have days of vacation saved up.  ugh. guess i'll just walk around zombified today.
oh yeah, have you seen this? i think you'd really like it. http://9gag.com/gag/agvrm8r now to bed because it's 2 and i should probably wake up before noon-ish. haven't packed yet, have a final from 3:30-5:30, and then am leaving asap after. otherwise i'd love to stay up. i definitely will all holiday breaktime.
that's any kitty. i love it when they do that, though, because it's how kittens play. it isn't supposed to be painful, it's playful, so i always start grabbing and poking back and mess around with them. but you should definitely get nugget a claw-thingy play set toy thing to rip to shreds. maybe make it look like a human leg so it looks more enticing to him.
he only attacks the humans that care for him.  oye.  what a little psycho.  cuddles and purrs when sleepy... but feet and hands are chew toys when playful.
great! now you can feel safe at night, so long as you close and lock your bedroom door in addition to the outside doors. so really, he just made you feel less safe in your own home. put him outside and don't feed him for weeks. that way nobody will ever try to steal from you.
i have rescued an attack cat.
for me, just butter. maybe some syrup, but i hate how messy and sticky it gets, so usually i don't use it, at least not very much of it. but you can also have some great stuff with it. plaincakes with bacon and stuff... if i weren't so full, i'd be hungry right now!
peanut butter on pancakes?
i'm more of a paincake fan anyways.
fried chicken for breakfast? maybe after a night of drinking but not everyday.
my grandmother's oldest sister use to cook chicken liver & onions from time to time. they tasted great with gravy. when she past, i never ate that dish again.
everyone knows that there is nothing but evil crap in a hotdog. that is why they taste so good.
my mom's side of the family is from kentucky. they have fried chicken and pork chops at the breakfast table constantly. pork chops and waffles..........something to consider.
i'm not knocking it. gumbo...good.  mai tai(s) .......good. and you should try c&w. people, for some unknown reason, eat stuff like liver & onions, head cheese, hotdogs.  chicken and waffles... just makes sense after you try them.
@trinkets: as if chicken and waffles are a better one?
congrats, lz. my buddy also got his z:bp shipping notice today.
narp.
any gamers here played robinson crusoe adventures on the cursed island?
gumbo and mai tai...... interesting combo.
first rule of maple syrup fight club.....
*sigh* my belly is full from gumbo and 2 mai tai. time to head home for some well earned sleep
you can steal fat and make soap out of it as well, if you'd like. i hear the market for that is so good you could fund an army.
that second one has a nice fight club feel to it. i like it.
geist, if that's all your christmas bonus is, i have two suggestions: 1) you could beat him with a rubber hose like the nice cop in christmas vacation suggested, or 2) you could steal millions of gallons' worth of tree sap from the poor canadians and sell it. preferably back to them for the irony and since they're such large consumers of it.
huzzah!
the ceo of the company where i work handed me my bonus. it wasn't much but it will buy me a few drinks tonight
that's a little far for delivery,lol.
who has three thumbs and just got their z:bp shipment notification?
bakhan, that's awesome! i'm glad to "hear" it!
geist, it's no laughing matter! syrup theft is a major thing there! haven't read this account, but i'm assuming it's a good recounting: http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2013-01-02/the-great-canadian-maple-syrup-heist only in canada! ;)
@trinkets: saying that after i just finished a "mexican" chili...that is so mean. now i want a poutine. are you going to deliver?
sounds like some great news, bakhan!! poutine for everyone!!!!!!!!!
that is wonderful news bakahn! now i'll be able to meet both you and gm when i sneak into canada to purloin all of your tasty syrup.
@zem, i'm too old a cat to be effed by a kitten... ;)
bakhan, damn! i was sure that'd work! back to the drawing board.
good to hear bakhan!
well to add to the 3 i knew i should get this week got another one i did not know about... so maby 4 this week ...hell  yea
@gm, thanks! fingers crossed! even my blood pressure looked good today! 122/75.  i can't wait for to:7s and folklore! they are both going to be so amazing!
@bakhan: good, i would lose my to:7s and folklore gaming buddy otherwise! and hopefully it's as the doctor thinks.
so things went pretty well today.  the doctor seemed to think that the hole in my heart won't require surgery!  they are going to run a couple more tests in the new year, a stress test, and an ultra sound on the back side of my heart (i have to be put under for that one).  as long as the results come back like he expects, i should be good for the rest of my life! so, sorry kittens, you're gonna have to deal with me for a lot longer!
good morning kittens!
@geist: gift cards are only good if you put them in a small box, wrapped in multiple larger boxes....each one individually wrapped to make them just want to smash it(just tell them it's fragile).
good morning gm. that's the way to do it, geist. gift cards always fit.
morning kittens.
i don't shop for many people and i'm mostly sending gift cards. so i did about 5 minutes of shopping.
lol, no. barely started. should get it all done this weekend.  how about you?
@trinkets: have you finished your christmas shopping?
good morning geist.
morning kittens. happy hump day.
ok, 2 am. but no more! get off me, internet! you're so clingy some times!
just lettin y'all know i have nothing tomorrow and could stay up till 1 am with no repercussions or obligations and all i have to do the entire rest of this week is pack and do one last final. muhuahahahahahahahahaahahahahaahaha!!!!! if you're wondering why it's only 1 am instead of 3 or 4, refer to how last night went.
i think he's also so easy of a professor because this is his first time teaching the advanced, calc-based physics course rather than one of the easiest forms of the class. i bet he'll get the grades back, see his class is all 90% or something, and have to be tougher next time.
easiest final ever! half was to make up for not having a third midterm, so another midterm, but cut in half and easier, and an overall section that was 15 multiple choice questions. the 3 questions took twice as long as the mc questions. and in addition to that, get this: for every exam, he includes with the test the chapter summaries for every covered chapter! every formula you need ever and when to use them! i think he wants us to focus on knowing how to use them rather than wasting all our time memorizing, but that was seriously one of the easiest classes i've had so far!
bed. that is all.
funny how much information they ask for. it's like you have to write your life story first
bakhan, while you talk to her... *coughcoughpicturescoughcough*
@gm, its all good.  i'll figure it out. ;)
@bakhan: yeah, but depending on what time you finish work too. so it's actually easier for you to pick a spot, so that you aren't in trouble with the bosses.
alright gm, i'll talk to my wife and see what she's up to that night, and then i'll figure out a place.  you know theres a ctrain stop at dalhousie station, a two minute walk from my house right? ;)
i will do geist, i'm not sure exactly what is happening tomorrow, so i'm not sure what i'll have to report. i did have to fill out a four page new patient form so, who knows right?
speaking of hot sauce....it might actually be easier for you to pick the place to meet, bakhan. considering you are the one that is working that day, and i'm free. pretty much anywhere the train/bus gets, i can get.
and don't think, sir, that i've forgotten that you have an appointment. report in when it's over and you are in a relaxed and comfortable place. (preferably in front of the tv with a nice glass of wine. don't overdose on the hot sauce)
no pain in the leg today...though my left hip protested my needing to work this morning...i think it wanted a couple more hours sleep.
lets just win the lottery, buy the place, and fire those effers! lol! thank you so much for the much needed laugh.
@gm, damn! hows your leg doing? i forgot to ask earlier.
@bakhan: it could be...depending on how big the company is...and damn it! i don't want a headache(physical one...not someone being an idiot) at this time. >.<
@geist, you deserve better!  they don't know what they have, and they won't ever until you're gone!  lets just win the lottery, buy the place, and fire those effers! if only it were as easy as that...
@bakhan: i gotta try something. i can't take this sh***y career anymore. i've been here going on three months and today is the day when everyone won't leave the the hell alone. and then my boss ask me if i was finished the assignment she just gave me. when i told her no, she gave it to someone else. like i was a failure! i would have loved to tell all those other folks to piss off but then they would have sent an email and cc'd my boss and the ceo and cfo. f***ers!
if i were going into medicine, radiologist would be a great idea. i love radio chemistry and they make way too much money. also, how didn't i guess this, but literally 30 seconds before going to take a nap, my roommate's friend comes in with his food and now they're talking really loudly about their finals and i'm not the kind of dick who kicks his roommate and/or friend out just after he gets here and they're having fun. i'll be fine, but one of my favorite weekly things, a livestream, is on tonight from like 8, right after the final ends, to 11-midnight, so i'm going to sleep well tonight.
@geist, well they are both pretty admirable careers, so i would see which one is easier to get into, as long as your interest in both careers is equal.  i would think both would be worthy pursuits!
thanks for the info link bakhan. unfortunately, i want to study to be a cardiovascular perfusionist. the ones responsible for keeping you alive while the surgeon works on your heart and/or lungs. it takes only 4 years and you make a decent amount of money when you graduate. i'm still deciding on whether or not i'd rather study for radiation therapist since they make good money and the there is a slightly bigger job market for it.
as large as the part of my memory that remembers useless information is, i think the part that can recall any single quote or scene from any movie or book and know exactly when and where it was has to be bigger. i can watch a movie once and remember jokes from it years later whether they were funny or not, and after reading a book, if i want to find a specific part, i know the general area in the book it was, usually within a couple dozen pages (though i don't know the numbers, just how far in it was), and what part of the page it was on. when i'm looking through my notes, i can know when i wrote something down and what part of which page, left or right, it was on, so i just turn pages really fast looking at one spot until i see the key words.
i have a damned near perfect memory for things that won't benefit me at all anywhere except in certain games. need the timing between when the two boomer knights are killed and the sword knight drops onto the walkway in crota's raid in destiny? 5 seconds. how long before boomers respawn? 30 seconds. will that info help me anywhere else? nope. when was the last time i used that info? probably 6-7 months ago...if not longer.
bakhan, those bacteria are the useless facts that take up no space and i can recall at any time without warning. i'm really good at quiz game type stuff because of my very extensive set of useless knowledge from reading dozens of fact and misconception books, spending time on the internet, and memorizing everything not important to daily use.
@gm, thats my problem exactly.  as long as its not important, and almost completely useless, i will remember it forever!  probably my worst example is pop song and country song retention... i really don't care for either genre, but do i know all the words, yep.  >_>
oh, and on the upside zem, a wet sponge retains tons of bacteria and germs, so there's that anyways... ;)
@bakhan: you have what my mom refers to as "trivial pursuit memory". able to recall the most trivial information anytime.
@zem, my brain stores things in order of least importance to most important, focusing of course on the least important.  for example scallops have upto 100 blue eyes.  why do  i know that? i dunno, will it ever be useful for anything, probably not.  how about that formula i use at least once a week for work?  nope, have to look it up every time... sigh.  stupid brain!
bakhan, my normal brain retains things like an already wet sponge.
@zem, choose sleep!  your tired brain won't be able to retain anything new anyways!
@gm, probably not the best way to show off one's assets... cold = shrinkage... reminds me of that sienfeld episode with george changing after being in the pool, "they know about shrinkage right?!!!"
i just realized that today i'll be in exams for longer than i was asleep. that's not a good thing to realize. i may have time for a nap, but then i'll obviously have less time to study... decisions...
not one that's covering anything...except her escape.
that depends, gm. is there a ribbon involved?
...so, that's a no to the naked dance in the snow?
i think first you should be worried how you're getting her interest piqued. there are definitely wrong ways of doing that.
@geist: i've been working on that....though it's in the stage of "what the hell am i going to say to get her interest piqued?", so once i figure that out, i will be good(hopefully). though, i don't think i will make it in time for christmas...or even boxing day(dec 26) where i could actually have her over and cook a nice dinner myself rather than spend who knows how much at a restaurant.
i actually don't want anything for christmas @gm: how about a hot doctor of your own? or a hot lawyer? or a hot chef?
i feel the worst i have in months right now and i don't even remember all the reasons why. the o chem exam might be part of it. it went fine for 60% of it, meaning i likely got a nice 40% right there, but the next 4 weren't nice at all. i spent the final 45 minutes of 2 1/2 hours trying to figure out one of the harder ones. or maybe it was really easy and i'm just as bad as i think at that.  the lack of sleep didn't hit me during that exam, but it sure will during my 6-8 pm physics one.
oh, ok.  cool, well, i'm not sure it will be able to get to me before christmas then, given how close we are and how much volume will be moving.  either way, i'll be getting it soon, and that will have to do.  (thats my version of zen, as close as i get anyways...)
i saw on the to:7s thread that it was scheduled to arrive in the us/canada hub yesterday.
@lz, nope, not even a shipping notice.  i wish i had it, i would love to be doing some painting, i always find it calming.
awesome
our friendly homophobe from to:7s's homophobic comments were deleted.
have you received your z:bp core box yet?
okay, whew! thanks.  i thought i might have missed it somehow.
not that i know of
is the pledge manager for to:7s out yet?
my entire bonus went to fixing my wife's car, which was a bummer because it meant that i couldn't get anything more than the core box of the others. scrapping my car is giving me enough to get the extras
yeah, me too. i haven't heard anything though
congrats doc! thats always a good time! i'm supposed to be getting one myself!
this week should be a great week... should be getting 3 different  ks rewards this week!
morning kittens. @geist: i actually don't want anything for christmas...spend time with family, and be able to spend time with friends, i'm happy...unless you can make it so that the payroll is automatically done perfectly the week after christmas since i need to work it.
@geist, here you go... http://www.uwmedicine.org/education/md-program/admissions/applicants/applications
@zem, best of luck with your exams!  you can do it, just relax and try to focus.  you've been getting ready for this point all semester, don't let yourself get flustered now, you've got this!
@trinkets: all i want is a clue to how to make medical school happen. i can figure out the rest.
yeah, that comment was at 8 or 9 pm yesterday, and i had finished it before then even, giving me more than 3-4 hours to get rid of the caffeine. i can see that keeping me up till 1:30, but not much later than that. and until this morning, i wasn't very stressed about these exams.
yet i've finished pots of coffee at 11 pm and gone to sleep before 1 am before? even this semester. why couldn't i sleep for over 5 of the 8 most important hours of the semester? this is literally the first time all semester i've had trouble sleeping, which is really amazing in its own right. oh well, gotta get ready for that chem final. woo boy, can't wait!
@zem, couldn't help but notice your earlier post (11 hours ago) about lethal doses of caffine, then your latest posts, about not being able to sleep.  i don't think it takes a rocket scientist to figure it out... ;) cut back on the coffee man!  as you get older, zem, things change, ability to sleep on large doses of caffine being one of them. ;)  as a rule, if you need to get a good sleep cut out all caffine at least 8 hours before you go to bed. just saying... ;)
i want to not fail miserably on these finals for christmas, especially the 10 am one, my o chem final. yet i can hardly type this morning i'm so tired. and hungry.
really? really, kickstarter?! you eat my comment for that long?! i refreshed the comments like 4 times, even after i wrote the second comment (copy and paste after refreshing), and it still looked like it had succumbed to the dark abyss that is the ks comments black hole where bad comments go to die. then after i retype and send it, of course it comes back to life. thanks, orpheus. tell me how your trip to hades went.
why, of literally any time of the entire semester, was last night the one night i couldn't sleep until well after 5 am?! didn't my body know i have my 2 most difficult and important exams today?! less than 3 1/2 hours of sleep are not enough for that!
why, of literally any single time all semester, was last night the one i couldn't sleep until after 5 am?! didn't my body know today i have my 2 most difficult and important finals?! less than 3 1/2 hours of sleep are not enough for that!
bakhan, i totally agree. that's why i always help others out this time of year. so far that little girl who was the victim of arson, has received thousands and thousands of cards and gifts. also, she has received over $300,000. the public outpouring for her has been amazing. helping others is what this season is about!!   and hotsauce. and star wars. and brandy old fashioneds.
good morning kittens! this is going to sound cheesy/lame but all i want for christmas is for everyone to have a better year! i want an end to this crap economy, i want prosperity for my friends and family, i want an end to all these terrorist attacks, and most importantly, more of that amazing hot sauce lz makes!
what about you?
good morning geist.  yes i did.  only looking for 3 things.  robinson crusoe board game.  complete works of h.p. lovecraft.  and a white noise machine. i have been told that the fan "will not be on all winter!" so,  i need something to help me sleep.
morning kittens. have you sent santa your christmas list?
my typing speed is so much faster now! why don't i do a lethal dose of coffee before writing papers?!
lz, they're never (usually) nsfw, but i won't say i didn't learn from the internet. my friend actually led people into thinking he posted another predictable john cena meme they would click on out of courtesy and curiosity just to rick roll them. he's the double troll i aspire to be.
@lz: the car i was supposed to get, would have cost us ~$900 to get road worthy, my dad bought it from my grandpa for $20....so we gave it to a charity, and got a tax credit for it.
i don't click on youtube links from zem. they're too dangerous.
yeah, we're going to scrap that car. i got it for $750. the cost to fix it just isn't worth it to me. it will help me get some exercise, as it means i'll be walking to work until the weather is warm enough for me to ride again.
i love the rick-rolls. i just don't say anything so others will know.
oooh.... and dark tranquility!! https://youtu.be/xjk21ykos0y
@lz: those things are a bit of a pain to deal with, sorry to hear that's one of the issues.
how many times have i rick-rolled you guys? i doubt any of you really check those, but it's funny to me.
amon amarth!!! https://youtu.be/fpr6decvxh0
the timing belt on the one car broke. $670 to fix it.
or this one, though it kinda fits most days: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i know its cheesy but i'm still fond of limp bizkit: break stuff
how about this one? https://www.youtube.com/watch… kidding!
another good one would be five finger death punch: under and over it
could always go old school with some iron maiden: die with your boots on!
could always go with amon amarth for victory or death
@lz, sounds more like a slipknot: wait and bleed kind of day...
thanks anyway, geist! ps get that thing fixed as soon as possible ;-)
@gm: you caught me. guilty as charged.
@geist: is it really broken, or did you already drink it?
i'd pass you a beer lz but i my teleporter is busted at the moment.
the song that just came on seems appropriate for the day: "riot" by three days grace
i'm sure i'll look back on this time and laugh. it just won't be today.
geist, i'd be the guy who strapped bambi's mom to the hood of a buddy's pickup and rode into town screaming, drinking, and honking the horn obnoxiously. ;) do people really do that?
@gm: so you don't cry when you watch the movie "bambi"?
gm, there are people like that in every country, about the same percentage as well. ` i used to be somewhat emotionally insensitive and actually gradually became more emotional. that makes me sound like a sociopath, but in truth, i do have some pretty sociopathic tendencies at times.
i used to be the type that was over emotional....i literally cried for almost no reason. then, almost over night, something flipped and i barely cry(funerals are basically the only time now).
i'm all for crying and drinking.
@gm, its more of a sarcasm thing.  i find in my own life that its never just one thing, its normally a whole slew of bs at once, and after the initial rage of the myriad things pissing me off, i laugh.  for real, the hilarity of the situation hits and i'll burst out laughing.  i think its just a case of laugh or cry, and i've never been much of a one for crying.  its more of an acceptance that the world is trolling you, fighting back only makes it worse, crying is pointless (woe is me, etc.), and laughing is the only way to weaken its hold on your day.  might just be me though.
@bakhan: that should have been "slippery slope", and the what next right? comment is what i was referring to.
@gm, i prefer sneaker slopes, i've never been comfortable in slippers... ;) (not sure what comment you were refering to?)
@lz: just dream of the time when you'll be driven to work in a limo because of your hot sauce empire. that should cheer you up.
@bakhan: that's a slipper slope saying that. @zem: problem is, there are still a shit ton of people that will hate someone just because of the colour of their skin.
@lz, yeah, that sucks when it all piles up on you at a bad time, such as now, right before christmas.  all you can really do after all of that is laugh.  what next right?
gm, that's just a stereotype. and besides, i have a fairly multicultural family as well! i mean, my great-grandpa's brother i think married a black woman... or something... actually, i think i'm 1/64th african-american. and in addition, maybe half the philsons worldwide are black. so what if they were slaves that took the owner's name when they were freed? oh... yeah... ok...  but hey, just from the last half dozen generations, i'm half german and parts british, irish, and scotts-irish. you got 4 cultures right there! yeah, this isn't working out in my favor, is it? ;)
*suck
ok. car issues sick,  but there's a lot worse stuff. it is just usually costly and never at a good time.
dude. car trouble is the worst.  alternator shouldn't be too bad. as long as you are capable of doing it yourself.
if that were the case i'd walk to work nearly everyday. would have $300 a month instead of pissing my money down the drain of a subway system that is falling apart nearly every damn day.
fortunately, it's only a half mile, so it's nothing onerous. it's more a matter of principle.
ouch lz. how far did you have to walk? it would take me a day to walk to work and it would cost way to much for me to take a cab.
oh, and i don't get to fence this week. company christmas party is happening during fencing time.
both of my cars are broken. it's going to cost almost $500 to fix one of them, still waiting to hear on the other (i think it's the alternator). we had our first real snow today. that's when i discovered that the snowblower won't blow snow. i had to walk to work this morning.
@gm, i was taking that as a given, plenty of loser a-hole racists up here as well.  i meet a few everyday, lots of trades guys still hold those old hatreds.  the way i see it, the colour of the skin is the worst way to judge a person.  their actions is how i determine whether or not a person, is a good person.  the worst is when i get a customer spouting off ignorant bs and they expect me to agree with them.  my typical answer is "i don't know about that.., is there anything else i can get for you?"  that normally does the trick.  then of course i "look at the pricing" which means i add on a bigot tax, normally around 10%...
@bakhan: well, most of our southern neighbours. not all of them are lovable. some are down right racist bigots....and considering my family is fairly multi-racial(aunt married a black man and their children are fairly dark skinned, sister-in-law is chinese, aunt dated a native guy and her children are part native), so i have no tolerance for racists.
i was thinking the same thing last week lz. i'm glad that those cooties (for the time being) have transferred over to someone else.
@lz, come on now, it can't be that bad?  sounds like you need an extra fencing sesh this week! ;)
@geist, its all true!  even if you don't meet anyone whilst travelling, you're still travelling, which is awesome!  lots of good people in the states!  we love our southern neighbours! (well most of us do, anyways...)
bah! life can suck it!
or maybe gm needs to travel more. whose to say that is lovely lady isn't living in scotland? or new zealand? or (heaven forbid) the u.s.?
@gm, your messanger bag? congrats!  i got notice for ghostbusters for thursday, so thats one anyways... ;)
looks like i'm getting the one project i really want today. it's out for delivery. :d
@bakhan: well, as i noticed with the one on friday, she had a ring with diamonds on her finger.
@gm, well taken women are certainly off limits, however, they are not all taken... most doctors in your age range are likely still in school, as well.  my wife didn't finish her schooling until she was 32 so, don't worry, they are out there! ;)  lots of available women out there... sadly you don't normally meet them until you are already taken yourself! ah, such is life i'm afraid... ;)
@bakhan: definitely nothing wrong with sexy doctors...unless they are already taken, then i have a problem...because i have no chance.
@gm, nothing wrong with sexy doctors! ;) i mean, i married one... ;)
@geist: probably could have...but the only hard part would be the sexy...not all of them are, and i don't think i would get to pick and choose which one i wanted....though, that doctor i saw on friday...she could have given me a sponge bath anytime.
@gm: you couldn't hire a sexy cna to visit and give you a sponge bath?
yeah, i couldn't even take a shower until yesterday since i couldn't balance on my right leg for longer than a split second. there was no way i was stepping into a bathtub with that, and not falling down.
good that nothing is broken, but sprains and other muscle/ligament issues can be as bad, sometimes worse.
morning gm & trinkets!
morning kittens! @bakhan: ah, i guess i had my dates messed up. and geist has the right of it, you are kc tough! @trinkets: not broken, just a bad strain from having twisted my knee three times in 6 steps(literally, took a step with my left foot, nothing happened, step with right, twist my knee causing some pain, repeat two more times....walk it off - no pain by the time i got home - and go to bed feeling fine, wake up at 4am gasping in pain, and clutching my right calf, couldn't even stand up to open my door, took me 5min just to do that...normally i can stretch from the corner of my bed and reach the door handle, took 15min to hobble to the bathroom - 30sec or less walk normally - then another 15 to get back to my bed).
@trinkets, if i read it correctly, it was just twisted / sprained, not broken.  still would hurt like a bastard though...
good morning geist, bakhan. i knew gm hurt his leg last week. was it broken? @pot, that's good. that stuff will be better than the fiberglass batts.
i'm sure you will be fine bakhan. you are made kc tough!
good morning kittens!  here's hoping for a good week for all of us!  sorry to hear about your leg gm!  geist had it right, my appointment is on wednesday.  i haven't been able to sleep very well the last couple of days.  normally i'm able to be calm in the face of bad news, but this is streching my limits for sure.  i'm so very glad for all of you!
back to the week again. at least it's not normal for me. unfortunately, 2 really tough finals hours apart and an easier one thursday, then i have to be able to leave straight after it. it's going to be a busier week than i'd hoped. but after that, i get to laugh at all of you because i have such a lucrative holiday break.
*sigh* another weekend gone in a flash. i want the holidays to get here already
future me is a genius who loves to do work, but that past me guy... he can be a real asshole sometimes.
nobody here today either? jeez, it's not a holiday yet, get back in here and get some work done!
sorry that's so long, but interesting enough to be, in my mind, worth the read. i mean, you'd've read back through all of today's comments anyways, so since it's the only one, it's not that much less.
whoa! so sorry! completely uncharacteristic of me to not have checked in all day! i swear it won't happen again, at least until christmastime. i woke up really early for donuts, helped my brother get an x box and the better games for it, and then he convinced me to go home and watch him set up and play for the first time. his friends came over as well during my nap (i had 3 hours of sleep) and stayed. but then something happened that completely changed today. have any of you had something completely surprising blindside you like this? i'm sure you have, but that friend of my brother's said that his sister, someone i'd grown up with in my class (small, rural school, you know the same people all the way through elementary to high school), had gone off and eloped with a guy she'd met he said one month before. that alone is surprising, especially considering the people in the community and how unordinary that is, but her?! the whole time i kept thinking, oh that's actually cool that i know someone who did that! then... if you asked anyone in my class, even her, they would have said that she would be flat out the least likely person to do something like that. that she'd be literally the first person in my class to marry even over a girl in my class and a guy in the one above us who will definitely marry as soon as he's out of the military, likely before. maybe i can see her being put in a position to do something like that rather than the normal course, considering her family, but still. it'll take quite some time to wrap my head around this. wow, i wrote my whole day's worth here!
a christmas party that plays donna summer's "love to love you baby" isn't a total loss
well, that's kind of what wine is, so you can't blame them for trying. just boil it. distill the alcohol out and then pour some of the water back into that. who wants 150 proof wine shots?!
wine. taste like sour grapes. was the strongest stuff they have here.
a christmas party without those?! must be an aa party!
one hour into the xmas party & i already crave a vodka and bailey's.
if anyone sees trinkets, tell him my house does in fact have mineral wool fiber batting insulation, i checked it today.  i wonder how much more that cost?
geist, haven't you heard of the rules of the internet? rule 34. just look it up. and then rule 35 in case 34 doesn't apply. sexy santa has been a thing since santa, the internet just made it more readily available.
yeah, that's the problem these days. there are more people, therefore there are more sickos out there who do stupid things like drug/poison stuff that is given out for free just because.
@gm: it's the world we live in. you could have offered a stranger cookies back in the 60's and not gotten the side eye.
apparently, sexy santa is a thing. https://www.yahoo.com/makers/hot-skinny-santa-only-one-001016587/photo-sexy-santa-last-photo-we-1449792673713.html
i should just carry around some recently baked cookies...then ask all the hotties if they want fresh cookies.....too bad most of them will think they are drugged cookies.
@gm: you should have offered the hot doctor some cookies.
just commenting so you know i'm still here. ;) like you wouldn't have guessed. but i'm nearly only 500 comments under lz finally! don't tell him, but i think i'll pass him here within the next several months!
is it the 16th? i just remember it's around this time...could be next week...can't really thing past the hot doctor that's running through my mind.
i actually mean it gm. i'd rather drink with friends than an office full of clicky people. booze is meant to be enjoyed.
sure you don't mean it that way. we all know the truth geist.
good to know you are going to recover gm. i still want all of your cookies. (i don't mean that as dirty as it sounds)
can today be over yet? ------------------------------ i second that prayer. i spent the last 20 minutes tearing my cubicle apart thinking i had lost a check. turns out i never printed it because it isn't due until january. still, the fact that the one day i have off is the same day that my back up called in sick and didn't show up today until after noon (the office closes today at 3 for the company party) so that i had double the amount of utility checks that needed to be printed pronto. and the fact that the sheets didn't balance helped not one bit. that has put me in such a mood that i really don't want to go to this fricking party, free booze be damned.
@gm: i thought it was on the 16th?
wasn't today the day bakhan went to see the specialist?
moving up just means less manual work and more meetings. not sure if that makes it much better, but the pay sure helps ease the mind.
yes, but i have a couple of meetings this afternoon
aren't you the boss lz?
can today be over yet?
a taken woman is off-limits no matter what zem.
aw, don't discredit yourself. you could make it work! i would suggest not trying, but you could conceivably.
no, it had diamonds on it. also, she is up in airdrie while i'm in calgary. roughly 20min away by car....and i don't currently drive.
off to my last class of the semester! whee!!!
did it look like one from a cereal box? there's still hope!
that's actually my luck most of the time. there is usually a ring on their finger when i find that someone that i would kill to date.
and i wish it went that way zem. i couldn't stop looking at her, and when she left the room looking her over. only problem was the ring.
i'll take them in on monday. they will be late, but they will be there.
i can see how that appointment went. ;) so cookies to the party after all or will you eat them all yourself anyways?
so nothing major with my leg. just a bad sprain according to the hot doctor.
it's their way of showing they love you. they missed you so much all they could think about was you, so they saved up all the extra work just to celebrate your magnificent return!
*sigh* never fails. i leave work for one day & come back to a sh*t storm
geist, here it's finally getting back down to the 40s and then the 30s next week. i'm tired of 60 degrees! it's winter, let it snow!
if i can't go in after talking to the doctor, then i will eat them myself out of sadness....and it will be over a couple days/weeks.
i would be happy to eat those for you
except today is our christmas potluck. i have cookies for everyone.
awwww gm. i hope the doctor fixes you right up. on the bright side, you don't have to deal with the stress of work
not a good morning. twisted my knee walking from the bus yesterday...now i can't even put weight on my leg. waiting to go see a doctor today. -.-
morning kittens! happy friday! the weather this weekend is expected to go up to nearly 70 degrees so i plan to be out and about the whole time
last day of classes! while it's not high school, i do like the college schedule, with big breaks and stuff.
trinkets, let me guess, all it took to find them was looking in the hospital directory under "embarrassing butt stuff". you got them back without even trying. they were just stupid enough to make themselves pay for it.
there will be limestone to the bottom of the windows on the front of the house.  the exterior is meant to look craftsman style, the interior is traditional/modern.
the siding is just composite lc siding, it has the same warranty as hardyboard with way less downside for installation.  the roof is 20 year warranted asphalt shingles nailed to 5/8" (16mm) exterior grade plywood.
roof,......steel or asphalt? just being nosey. and i know you have nothing better to do than to answer my questions, lol.
just for curiosity sake, what are you putting on for siding?  vinyl, cement board, brick, wood, smartside, or other?
sounds like johns manville.
the insulation we have is mostly brownish with some gray in it, it appears to be made of tufts of material all put together is a very haphazard looking arrangement in each strip.  depending in the "r" value it looks to be between 6 and 10 inches thick with a kraft paper backing.
funny story about insulation. we had a foundation sitting, waiting for the floor system to be put on. the drain pipes coming up through the basement slab had batts of fiberglass stuffed in them temporarily. someone thought it was funny to climb down in the foundation,  pull out the fiberglass, take a dump in the pipe, and wiped their butt with the fiberglass insulation. oh yeah.
http://www.roxul.com/products/residential/products/roxul+comfortbatt…
we have used the roxul mineral fiber insulation, but mostly in commercial situations. fantastic stuff. it is a lot more dense than fiberglass. kind og a gray-green color. and not really fibery(if that's a word) like fiberglass. pink is owens corning, there mascot was the pink panther. i haven't seen them push him in a while. johns manville is usually brown or white. guardian is yellow. certainteed is white. everyone wants to have their own color to stand apart.
these are my favorite socks: http://dilbert.com/strip/1993-11-13
there are socks you can get that have silver in them.
i don't, either, but i'm sure it's terrible for making socks.
i think it's fiberglass batting, although it's not the pink batting i'm used to.  it's a much earthier color.  i don't know what mineral wool is.
or mineral wool, which won't mold, good stuff!
pot, what did they use for insulation, fiberglass batts or spray foam?
thank you bakhan.  it has been a trial, but seeing the progress helps.
@pot, hey! good to hear you're making good progress with the house! congrats!
hello all. sorry i haven't been around much lately, but the new house is keeping me busy (in addition to all the other crap i have to do).  this week was a banner week.  we got a couple of inspections done. the front porch is now poured and hardened, all but two doors are in, the insulation installers went through the house like grass through a goose, and insulated the living crap outta it, and the siding installers are slowly working their way around the whole thing.  tomorrow drywall gets delivered, and we begin warming the interior so the drywallers can work with the materials at the correct temperature.
trying not to imagine long john silver in lingerie kind of detracts from the movie-watching experience. i will say, though, that it was funny as heck for entirely new reasons.
i could see how that would be a problem... lolz!
oh when you're a professional pirate... from sweet transexual... transylvaniaaaaa!
tim curry is the best villain ever. but trust me from experience: do not watch rocky horror picture show and then muppet treasure island in the next day or two. it will mess them both up!
i remember that movie. if i had been the damsel, i would have picked tim's character, especially since his skin was my favorite color
i saw the movie legend about 30 years ago.... ;) tim curry as darkness is still the creepiest devil ever!
just saw the movie "legend". very good flick. tom hardy was brilliant in it as the kray twins. on another note, no one should be as good looking as tom hardy.
welcome to the greasy pole. today the triple-bypass burger is $1 off for charity. how may i help you? (read in the voice of roz from monsters, inc. in my mind for whatever reason)
@zem, its all good.  i think i'm just cranky.  now do i jump on the booze wagon? maybe... maybe...
bakhan, you thought i didn't get that joke? sorry i may have made it sound that way. i just thought it was an impractical method of execution, like performing the blood eagle on a liver when you could throw it in a brazen bull with some fava beans and have it with a nice chianti.
@trinkets, lol! still on that vibe eh? (<--- thats my canadian side showing...)
the greasy pole, .......isn't that a name of a burger and shake place?
@bakhan: i know that feeling well...and add in the fact that the excel file we fill out after every payroll is out of balance, and three of us can't find out how/where....that doesn't make things any better. but the kitten wearing a tuxedo that i saw on facebook helps a bit.
@geist, its all good.  ;) i think work is making me grumpy, and they don't pay me enough for that dammit!
@bakhan: you would think i would know that tidbit since i'm a horror fan. too distracted by that flask you showed me.
@zem, if i have to explain it, its not funny.  so, in the name of killing the humor... geist said her liver was in love with me (her liver, not her), my wife being the jealous type would want to kill her liver, hence the liver on the greasy pole.  it wasn't a great joke, but then again, i'm not a great comedian, either way, its dead now. where have all the flowers gone...
just saying it's a bit more creepy than impaling their livers. maybe brazen bull it. with a nice chianti.
@zem... sigh, nevermind.
not to their livers, though, bakhan.
that was what vlad the impaler did to his enemies...
greasy pole? is that what you canadians do with worn out livers?
check out lab is the best. less than half an hour and i'm done until after christmas break! i'll go to sleep again as soon as i finish up a thing or two.
@gm, cool! congrats! on my end everyday i check my email, everyday no shipping notice.  theoretically i should have 5 games coming "before christmas"... myeah, right.
@bakhan: faith: the sci-fi rpg
@gm, which one? @geist, lol! i'm glad you like it! just don't let my wife know about your liver, or it may wind up on a greasy pole... ;)
trinkets, make sure you drink after helping the client out. bakhan, careful. she might become their best customer and we'll never hear from her again.
@bakhan: i think my liver just fell in love with you. might not be so good for my career.
yay! one of the games i ordered on here is finally shipped. :d
@giest, saw this, this morning and thought of you... ;) http://goiflask.com/
morning kittens.
@trinkets: i agree with your last sentence. sadly, i am nowhere near a bar & my flask is at home. turns out the problem the client was having was due to user error
morning bakhan!
good morning kittens!
nothing better than a day off.  nothing worse than working on a day off.  nothing fixes working on a day off like booze.
how do i know that i'm stupid? it's my day off but i am on my way to help a client who is having trouble with some equipment.
morning trinkets!
good morning!
totally understand creeper. give nugget a pat on the head for me
good night kittens!  sorry i can't be on as much.  baking.  kitten. work.  the sorts.
this song fits the video better than the original music!
just gonna leave these here. http://vmashup.com/7rt9ouil http://vmashup.com/l9dsfheh
amen
guess so. i'd go streaking a la professor f since nobody's here, but whatever you do on here stays here until a day later for people to see, and nobody needs to see that.
is it going to be dead quiet once again?
anyone had dickson's cider? hehehe
i've had burgers at rod's... ;)
dick's sporting goods and burgers&shakes.
good news. i won an amazon gift card in the american red cross blood drive raffle. a whole $25 bucks. merry christmas indeed.
are you asking me if i'd ever eat a wang?
asian inspired burger and shake place.....wang's?
or rod's?
burger and shake place named peter's. when i was in seattle,  we at at a burger and shake place called dick's. has anyone eaten at a burger and shake place called johnson's?
holy cow, it got over 60 degrees today?! bring back my winter!
well needed naps are the best. another kickstarter is doing a livestream, so i got up for that, but soon i'll likely go back for seconds.
did you guys ever see the alley mcmeal sketch on snl? that was way too funny!  but mommy i'm still hungry... shut up do you want to get fat?!!!
that would be quite the punishment, yes. i'd much rather get coal. at least i could burn that to heet my house.
so instead of coal, santa need only put a happy meal in your stocking when you end up on the naughty list?
good answer, gm
the only situation where i will eat mcdonald's...is when i'm either dead and they are forcing it down my throat...or they are force feeding it to me(they will likely lose a finger or two doing this).
there's only one situation in which i will eat at mcdonald's: it's super late at night, i'm horribly hungry, i don't want to cook anything, and mcdonald's is the only place that's open. it is the worst.
@bakhan: my friend and i would go, around 9pm, when we were bored. hell, we even went one night when i had family over for dinner. he wanted peter's and asked if i wanted some...got orders for 5 milkshakes. that was the only reason they let me go.
my favorite in canada was the 3 brewers. those pizza things were beautiful!
@gm, well yeah...! they went from having my favourite fast food burger to one of the worst! given that i love burgers, that was a crying shame for me!  i used to round up my friends for a peter's run at least a couple of times a month. its good to hear that they are coming back around!
they still have gagillion flavours. i haven't been there in a while, but it was getting back to the original ways. i think them changing stuff ended up causing them troubles.
@gm, the glory days of peter's have passed my friend.  maybe ten years ago before the new ownership took over... it used to be so glorious!  it may have gotten better since i last ate there 5 years ago.  do they still have a gagillion flavours of milk shakes? tiger milkshakes are the best! evar!
@bakhan: we would need to take everyone to get food from peters when they come visit.
@trinkets, lol!, well i'll probably keep that news to myself... its never good to overshare... ;)
burger king is the closest restaurant to where i work. i have named it "gross but close"
it's the exit burn that's the worst
ok, so two things.  one, the soup was delicious! so good! two, maybe two packs of chilli oil was too much... after 16 days of nothing but juice, my ability to handle chillis has gone down.  i'm on fire! but its a good burn... ;)
that is what burger king serves up
lol. i thought it was koala bear meat.
@trinkets: you know their "steak" sandwiches are actually the meat of stray cats & lost kids, right?
eggs are part of the unholy trinity of food that i won't partake of. eggs, mushrooms and squash.
lol, the filet-o-fish is real fish. i watched a documentary on it. i'm not saying it is any high quality fish,  but it is real. as for their breakfast, i have 4 words for yous guys. ........ steak bagel no egg.
i know the fish sandwich isn't made of real fish but i still enjoy one from time to time. when i lose all of my teeth at 70, i will gum the heck out of a mickelson d's fish sammy
i try to avoid that place like the plague, but every once in a while, i just can't help it... its like a drug! someone get the monkey dressed like a clown off my back!
nothing there tastes right anymore. ever since i was about 13 it started to taste worse to me. except for my favorites listed below.
i miss the fried apple pies at mickey d's. the baked ones just don't taste right.
the fries taste like chemicals to me, as well as everything there. that's the problem with having real, fresh food i guess. they are addicting, though. it's just that you can't have them after like 10 minutes when they've cooled down at all. you taste the styrofoam they're made from.
i hate the sauce in the big macs. but i do like the chicken nuggets and i love the bacon, egg, and cheese bagel for breakfast. and the vanilla iced coffee is awesome as well. just that for so little food you're doing so much bad for your body. ` hey creeper, how's the precious? we haven't heard many updates since geist's ninjas failed to assassinate your mailman.
@geist, i've had one in the states before and would agree, when you visit we'll take you for the canadian version, just so you can see the difference... or not, there is so much better food to have, also, gm's porcelain problems... ;)
bleh! big macs don't taste like much to me. i love their french fries. not long ago mickelson d's tried to sell chicken wings. it was a big flop. several tons of the wings had to be destroyed
whilst fully admitting mcdonalds is all that is wrong with food, i am totally addicted to big macs, why lord why!?!
@gm, various, not mystery.... sigh, the youts of today... ;) yes, i said youts.
@geist: mcdonald's makes me pray to the porcelain god every time i eat there.
mcdonald's has an eggnog milkshake that fights with my guts whenever i drink it. talk about green house emissions
various meats in the broth....that sounds so wrong. morning kittens.
you guys have never heard of war wonton soup? its basically like a loaded version of wonton soup, with extra bits of vegtables and various meats in the broth as well. http://www.wontonking.com/menu#!/1-soups
that's a nice thing you're trying to do geist.  too bad they aren't getting back to you.
sounds like some chinese food that fights back.
war wonton?
thanks guys! i'm celebrating with some war wonton for lunch! whoo hoo!
congratulations on reaching your weight goal bakhan
bakhan, huzzah! creeper, maybe i can wait to meet him. he's cute and all, but might think he's a shark.
count me in trinkets. i was reading an article on yahoo of a single mother of two whose husband left and never came back so she was struggling to give her two kids even 1 gift each this christmas. i wrote to the site asking if i could send the woman gift card so.that she could pick a couple of toys that weren't from the dollar store. i haven't heard back from them yet.
and from the article, just a christmas card would be huge.
congratulations bakhan. i'm thinking that we're sending a card and a stuffed animal or something like that. i'm not a rich man by any means either.  just something to hopefully help brighten her day.
good morning kittens! so i did it! well, almost, but i refuse to quible over 0.3 of a pound! was 265.3 this morning! rounding off, thats 100 lbs down since may 28th! whoo hoo! @geist, i was just poking fun, sorry if it came across different!  you are wonderful and fantastic and i wouldn't change anything about you for the world! @trinkets, damn.  thats so sad?  what were you planning?  i don't have much this time of year, but i'll give what i can!
ok, so for christmas, we usually find some less fortunate family and help them out.  one year we got a shitton of people to help and gave a single mother and her 3 kids over $2000 worth of gifts, household items and clothes. usually it's just me and the wife but that year, sooooo many people found out and joined us with it. this year, i would like to do something different and invite you guys to join me in this. this is right in the feels. full on, hardcore, right in the feels. we're going to send this little girl something nice.  she needs it. http://www.redbookmag.com/life/news/a41299/orphan-burn-victim-christmas-cards-safyre/
pity that i've been so naughty this year that santa is probably going to give me a big lump of coal under the tree.
and happy holidays to you as well.
woot woot for days off!!!
hello trinkets & happy holidays! so far so good but it's early yet. i'm just happy to have a day off tomorrow so that i can relax and get stuff done around the apartment.
good morning geist.  how is the morning treating you so far?
@creeper: good to know little leo is feeling frisky.
morning kittens!
@zem- yup!!! little psycho!  he's just a kitten and playing.  i've tried the mother cat thing a bit.  have even a scruffed him while hissing (roommate loved to over hear that).  i disengage, or distract with a toy.  some mornings though, wow- he just annihilates me!  it's never angry though- he's not growling, ears aren't flat--- it's all play- he just doesn't get that i am not a toy.  *sigh*
nobody's been on here after like 5 oclock for the past week.
creeper, if you ever come back, weren't you having this problem? http://9gag.com/gag/adpzp29
@bakhan: judge me all you want. i'm still a warm blooded female
i just realized that my previous comment could be taken sarcastically. it's meant to be taken seriously and enthusiastically.
woohoo! five!
whole day of nothing to do. it's a dream!
@geist, its, okay, we're not here to judge... ;)
@bakhan: it was hard not to notice since there was a gap the size of the hard back novel i'm currently reading. the guy beside me noticed too. now if the guy had the same size equipment as michael fassbender, i might have enjoyed the view.
@lz, your family tartan will also have an ancient version, you will be able to wear that too, so that makes your three, also you will have two (old and new) from your clan that can wear as well.  now you're up to five!
bakhan, yes. i remember being told that we could wear black watch. i knew it was at least two that i could wear.
@geist, lol! you would look, wouldn't ye? aye, thats a saucy lass!
you know what a scottsman wears under his kilt? your girls lipstick! ;)
the scottishness is too much! they've gone plaid! geist, that's the only way, how they're supposed to be worn.
when i hung out with some of the volunteers of a comic convention last year, one guy was wearing a kilt & when he sat down opposite from me, i could tell he was au naturale
wow, i guess it was a scottish kind of afternoon... ;) never a bad thing d'ya ken?
@lz, if your family fought for the bruce, you can also wear the black watch tartan: https://www.scotweb.co.uk/tartan/black-watch-ancient-colours-/50667
wait, duh, i just remembered, i'm not descended from the mackay clan, my great aunt married into it, so i don't get that one. also, mcdaniel is a subset of the mcdonald of the isles clan, so i only know of the one kilt that i have a right to wear.
i know of three scottish kilts i could wear, but i only have a eurokilt. the three i can wear are very similar to each other. my brother wore one of them to prom.
@gm, this is the one i would get, t'were i to do so: https://www.tartanregister.gov.uk/tartandetails.aspx…
it was hand made. and you're right, a traditional scottish kilt is made of tartan. i think they were made of ordinary material before clan pride gripped the nation, but denim wasn't ever a thing until the late 20th century when the eurokilt and utilikilt were born. a utilikilt is basically a cargo kilt, with big pockets on the outside. it's ugly. the eurokilt is a modern take on the kilt. it is made of whatever material the wearer wishes, and frequently had internal, hidden pockets. mine was made by a dutchman named maarten taalman kip.
@geist, lol! tartan, is the pattern, sheeps wool is what legit scottish kilts are made out of.  there are two types (maybe more) one is light weight and they call it a summer kilt, the other is heavy, like really heavy, and thats for the rest of the year.  each clan has their own colours and patterns, and each family of the clan has a variation of the chiefs, often changing the colours by a shade one way or the other.  i have a legitimate right to wear five different kilts, and yet, i own none...
i don't want a kilt made with our current tartan colours...very ugly. i would rather this one. https://www.tartanregister.gov.uk/tartandetails.aspx…
come on! i don't know exactly what clans i'm from, but i'm part scott as well. at the very least i was cheering you guys on, maybe helping you paint yourselves or something. maybe i'm one of the bruces too. g'day, bruce! howaya, bruce? like i said, someone who was almost certainly a king. that's pretty badass too.
@lz: if it's made of denim, it must have been hand made. i thought scottish kilts had to be made of tartan or something like that.
and i do own a kilt. it's made of black denim, but it is a kilt. the clan that features most prominently in my lineage, though, is the mcdonald of the isles clan.
@lz, i knew there was a reason we get along so historically! ;) wow, the dreaded longshanks, eh?  that was a scary dude!
@geist, i don't, but i've always wanted one.  last time i checked it would cost me around $1700 cad, too rich for my cheap ass scottish blood... ;) i do however have a sporran (the little pouch that hangs down to prevent the kilt from blowing up) and a  sgian-dubh (knife for the sock).  i was the best man for a friend of mine that had a full on scottish wedding, with bag pipers!, and the thing about kilts, is that those little metal folding chairs are really cold!
bakhan, that means your ancestors fought with mine (with, not against), for we have traced our lineage to robert the bruce. of course, our lineage also includes william longshanks. there's all kinds of royalty in my heritage.
@bakahan: so i take it you own a kilt?
well i'm directly from the last several generations, including both my dad's birth and adoptive family, half german half irish, british, and scotts-irish, so basically everything but welsh. but my ancestors were the cupbearers to charlemagne, so basically probably a king as well as i believe things to do with foreign affairs. i can't remember all the things we've found out, but we have a long and great history, and we're pretty sure we're viking somewhere in there for several reasons, not the least of which is our height and build and awesome reddish beards. https://www.youtube.com/watch… also, everyone with blue eyes descends from a single ancestor from i think the north side of the black sea. also, my dad's adoptive family is mennonite, with ties to pennsylvanian mennonites and almost certainly with really old ties to regions they lived in like switzerland and ukraine and/or russia.
@geist, aye lassie! my lineage traces to the gunn clan, highlanders and wealthy land owners, we fought with the bruce against william wallace... and we won! my clan is descended from the last great viking that they wrote an epic about sweyn asleifsson.  it also explains my "troubled youth" and my love of medieval weapons... ;)  clan motto: aut pax aut bellum, either peace or war!
i'm mostly danish, english, scottish, and german; but i also have ancestry from ireland, wales, spain, the netherlands, sweden, belgium, and (i think) france. so, like i said, western europe.
i'm mostly irish and scottish.
i'm...western european...
yeah, mad cow is totally a bbq sauce. i only use it on things that have meat in them. and fries. it's good on fries. i haven't used it on anything else though
i'm like half german and a conglomeration of the british isles. bakhan, you've already lost 100 in just over half a year, so you can definitely make it to there!
@bakhan: you're part scot? i knew there was a reason why i liked you. remind me to bring you some good scotch when i visit the frozen tundra that is canada.
i'm short compared to all you guys, i'm only 5' 11", but i'm stocky as hell.  welsh/scottish heritage, so i guess it comes with the territory.  bmi, is total garbage.  it might work for the "average" person, but who the hell is average?  according to my bmi anything over 180 is over weight.  the smallest i've ever been was 210 and i know there was no way i could lose 30lbs without becoming severly malnourished.  my goal is to get back to 210... by the endmay next year!  that would make it 155 lbs down in one year, i think i can do it!
the mad cow sauce goes perfectly with the barbecue pulled pork sandwich they have here every other tuesday! it was my favorite already, but that's even better! i don't know that i like that sauce all that much plain on its own, but in something already strongly barbecue-y, it's great so far as i can tell!
i'm 6'3" 250-ish. been a long time since i've weighed myself actually, but it hasn't changed in a year except for losing some weight over the summer. let's all crowd around geist and make her feel short!
@dom: the ks campaign isn't a year old yet. how could you have ordered it so long ago?
i'm a full foot shorter than you are lz. i'm probably going to lose a few more inches when i hit the 60 year mark.
i also couldn't help but notice dom has been a ks member since 2012, backed two projects and that was his only comment.  maybe he just didn't know any better? *shrugs*
@lz: we're about the same then. i'm a little heavier(235 last i checked...should check again).
@zem: except we still need to point them in that direction still. i bet in 99% of these cases, people aren't checking their junk/spam folder to see if an update had been posted. and of course, it would mean people reading updates as a precaution that their grievances were already addressed as to how to resolve them. but, i'm living in a fantasy world.
i'm 6'4" and 210 lbs. i have greater than 20% body fat, though. i have a little git. he's just a little guy, but he is there, hiding my belt when i sit.
a full year ago? but it's nice that you guys aren't leaving it to me to write out a paragraph on my own now. elan is nice like that to plan it all out so you only have to point them there now.
dom, see the latest update to see how you can resolve the issue.
@dom, have you even bothered reading the lastest update?  try to enhance your calm, and then give it a read.  >.>
i ordered a year ago and still got nothing....where the eff is my exploding kittens?!
bakhan, some good ones in there. gm, i'd agree with every single one of those! ` lz, i hate bmi. it's a complete fallacy that it actually says anything about you. i know people who can hardly walk who are listed as moderately overweight and bodybuilder-looking people who are like slightly obese. i think when i was going to the national jamboree, it listed me as less than one point into obese class i, but i am and especially was really healthy and go on mountain hikes at least once a year, more if possible, in addition to tons of camping, etc., yet if we hadn't fudged the numbers by like 5 pounds, i wouldn't have gone. i'm tall too, so i know the discrimination. you're tall, so you must be fat.
i wonder is lz is as tall as gm?
@lz: how tall are you? 7 feet?
@lz, hey, if all you need to do is gain some weight, i have a few recipies that might help... ;)
i like all of this. what i don't like is my stupid tall genes making my bmi too low to participate in a study that would give me $2500
creeper can run the restaurant/bakery.
i'll be your payroll manager!
career, i need a new one. hurry up with your hot sauce empire lz so you can hire me as cfo.
morning kittens. movies, eh? i would have to go with my favorites being kingdom of heaven, star wars(original trilogy), lord of the rings(all three, extended), and well, pretty much 90% of action movies.
@zem, favourite movie? ahhh! which genre, it would be too hard to choose an overall favorite...  horror: the thing (from the 80's), drama: what dreams may come, comedy: the man who knew too little, scifi: starwars: a new hope, action: aliens (i know this could count as horror, or scifi, but to me its more action), adventure: indian jones: raiders of the lost ark, off-beat: the acid house, independent: reservoir dogs.
@pot, lol! i actually had a similar idea, but based off of iron chef.  bachelor chef!  it would have two people face off in typical bachelor/dorm style "kitchens" and they would have to make a five course meal, using only ingredients that would be found in a bachelor kitchen, featuring the special ingredient, which would be something like ichiban or boxed mac n cheese.  i think it would be funny as hell.  you never know what people could come up with that would actually be tasty!
good morning kittens!
*yawn* i can't wait for my day off
4 am sounds good to me. see you all tomorrow afternoon! oh, and what's your favorite movie? gotta re-ask that now that everyone's here.
now to stay up really late just because i can.
so even though it's dead week, i like to say it's only mostly dead week. http://www.quickmeme.com/img/1e/1e279669c087c11f255a44ddc9830f1ebd2e00d94b2d646d67974849fdcd3777.jpg while we're not supposed to learn anything new and the prof.s are even encouraged to finish before this week, they don't care. we keep going. however, i have my last class friday off and had tomorrow morning's first class off. just found out that lab is also canceled tomorrow and we'll check out thursday instead! i have nothing whatsoever to do tomorrow! all day to wake up whenever, stay in bed, work on past labs, and relax! woohoo!
just curious, what's everyone here's favorite movie? i'll have to ask again during work hours tomorrow to catch everyone, but i just now thought it's an interesting question. mine tends to change or i can't make up my mind, but hot fuzz is a good solid bet. hilarious, makes you think, tons of referencing to itself earlier in the movie, but even with all the foreshadowing, there's just no possible way to guess the ending; it's just way too over the top.
pot, you do realize that'd be actual survival and they'd all die of starvation?
i have for years now thought about creating a bachelor survival cooking show.  i should do that.  i could put it up on youtube and see if anyone watched it.  all recipes you can create in 30 minutes or less with nothing but a toaster oven, microwave and hot plate.
creeper can make me some toast, seeing as she has the precious
the only thing i have to make these days is microwaving something. otherwise i have a full staff of full-time personal slaves working in the dining hall dungeons to cook for me.
@geist: probably because the kc is full of awesome people? i enjoy cooking, when i actually get into the kitchen to do so. as is, since i still live at home(cheaper since i'm saving to buy a condo) i get home and my dad(who's retired) has already made dinner.
if my wife wanted to cook i'd be more than happy to let her (most of the time).  but the truth is i enjoy it and she doesn't, and she does so much around here that it really is about the least i can do.  plus for the last ten years now she has had a day job and i haven't so it's only fair she gets to come home to a meal.
how is it that i've met more guys who cook more than their lady spouses in here than i have in the real world? in the real world, it's still 1950
lol@pot i like your grandad's humor
she almost never goes in there geist, they have no real reason to hate her.  but like my 86 year old grandfather said on the night he wed a 36 year old gold-digger, when asked what he was going to do about his conjugal responsibilities. son, if she dies, she dies.
@geist: that one only stops time....doesn't let you travel back past that, or forward any faster.
way to sacrifice your wife. what if she doesn't make it out safely? then you'll be crying into your stuffing alone!
wow. sacrificing the spouse. someone is sleeping on the couch tonight
considering pot? grab a broom & dust pan and fight your way to the wine in your fridge. it is your duty!
i'm going to wait until my wife gets home and have her check in there, if she makes it out safely i'll fix dinner.
lol@pot! i'll not ask why that bready  abomination was in your house when home made stuffing is better.
pot, i'd bring in a counselor for the rest of the foods in the cupboard. these events can be traumatizing.
i am seriously considering a cocktail right now.  the only problem being i would have to reenter the kitchen, and i have no idea if there are more members of some terror cell lurking to make another attempt.
@pot, lol! i'm glad you're okay after that ordeal!
to all my friends, first and foremost let me say that i am safe and uninjured, having narrowly escaped a suicide attack upon my return home from grocery shopping. the attackers plan was brilliant, but poorly executed. as i opened a high cupboard to put groceries away the stove top stuffing box (no one ever thinks it's going to be the stove top stuffing) leapt at me, screaming epithets in a language i could not understand, or perhaps it was me screaming like a little girl, we'll never really know. utilizing my well known and mostly imaginary ninja skills, i side stepped the incoming container, the look of surprise on it's little face as it went flying past would have been amusing if i wasn't so surprised. it hit the counter, and promptly exploded into about a million little pieces. i'm just grateful whatever explosive it was wearing had a limited range. it spilled it's innards all over the counter and floor of the kitchen. i buried it in a small private ceremony involving the vacuum cleaner and the garbage can. the authorities have been notified
@gm: you asked for a time machine? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2064654188/time-machine-italian-design-jewels-to-stop-preciou…
@bakhan: booze & pee? isn't that found in most clubs on a friday night? you should see the bathrooms in adams morgan after midnight.
as long as it isn't showers of gold in bathrooms of whiskey... ;)
you won't need to let us know. we'll see your name everywhere for all your millions and your eccentricity of only drinking strong alcohol, sometimes with a shot of coffee. showers of whiskey in bathrooms of gold.
@gm: i am currently trying to build one so that i  can tell my younger self to invest in this little start up company called microsoft. i'll let you know when i am finished
can someone bring me a time machine? >.>
@zem, i hear that, after my first testing all bottles were down 1/3... so good, but so far away!  dammit, lz, move to calgary!
yeah, you put one up there. screaming, though? is that because this sauce is so dang good? i can't get enough of the inferno. i never put enough on stuff to fully appreciate it, but that's because it's already almost a quarter gone.
@lz, i remember seeing it there! we had that convo about the avacodo seed...
i'm pretty sure i put my recipe for guac om the litter box
@geist, lol! ok then... ;) (did i mention super easy?) ;p
@bakhan: i am lazy.
@geist you buy guacamole? why not just make it?  super easy and tastes way better!
@gm, ok, lets make that work.  seeing as how you don't drive... (throw that in the budge too!), you pick the place, it will have to be after work for me, so 5pm would be the earliest i can do. i can't wait to get this to you, i know it doesn't seem like it, but it is true!
if you hear any screams, that would be me as i add the sauce to the guacamole i plan on buying from whole foods this week.
@bakhan: speaking of sauce...i have the 18th off, so we could meet somewhere then.
@geist: not barrel...vat. vats are much larger. :p
ahoy, all ye maties that have joined since last i was here. i may be the only person who still considers "ahoy" a legitimate greeting. i mean, it's what alexander graham bell wanted us to say.
@lz: not yet. i didn't realize that i had you send it to my po box. i'll be able to get it this thursday since i have that day off.
@gm: says the man who ask for barrels of booze. :-p
geist, did you get your sauce?
@gm, +1! lol! xp
@geist: i would be more worried if you didn't want a drink. :p
oh great. little umbrellas made me think of cocktails & now i want a drink.
if you put the little umbrella really close to the camera, it might work! ;p
i wasn't actually think of the little umbrellas they put in drinks. more like the fabric umbrellas that women use to use to keep the sun off of them. that should be big enough.
the umbrella may work, if, its a large beach style one, and the photo is taken from behind, featuring the back of my head, the umbrella and one sandled foot sticking out... ;)  the photoshop option may be easiest... ;)
a comforter will be to hot in the summer. how about a well placed umbrella?
@geist, i would also go for, wrapped in a comforter, or photoshop my head on some ripped guys body.... ;)
this will be my picture: https://d1u1p2xjjiahg3.cloudfront.net/03e02de2-0d67-4f7e-951c-da3dd18ecfda.jpg it's funny because it's from this: https://www.youtube.com/watch… while i'm posting tons of links, recently found this awesome game/test: http://www.hookedonmusic.org.uk/ . it's alot of fun, though it repeats alot of the songs.
lol@bakhan. works for me. i don't think i comfortable in an itsy, bitsy, teenie, weenie, yellow polka dot bikini. ;-)
@geist, could we do the shoot behind a curtain with just our heads and feet poking out?  that would work best for me... ;)
oh dear! i hope cb is doing alright. @gm: yes, that was handled beautifully.
any new stretch goals¿
@gm, me too!  couldn't have gone better! huzzah for gamers!
has anyone checked on cb? i clicked on his campaign & he posted an update on december 3rd. looks like he was going through a rough patch these last few months. i wish he'd post in here more often and let us know how he is doing.
@bakhan: i am very jealous. i need to get back on the ball if i'm going to be ready for the exploding kittens swim suit calendar.
i love how the whole "gay" issue was handled on to:7s. xd
98,000 meh, that was so two comments ago... ;)
morning kittens! @zem: damn it! i was hoping to get on to be the 98,000th comment.
98,000!  geist, i hope it does, but after today. i've got alot to do today and want to get as much as possible.
bakhan, i sincerely hope not. and that's easy! that was a huge goal, but you've made it!
so totally random, but do you think when kevin bacon is making love he's all like, "yeah, makin bacon!"? ;)
@geist, less and less all the time... ;)  1.5lbs to go! three days to do it... i think i can, i think i can!
hey bakhan. what's shakin' bacon?
good morning kittens!
morning kittens! hope your week goes by fast & stress free.
yup. now i'm so full of crab linguine i might puke. yay! oh, and plenty of extra red lobster cheddar biscuits to last me the week!
zem, that's way cool!
yay, my brother made eagle scout today! that means we're eating at red lobster or some steak place! yay!
bacon. that's all you really need. and maybe something with eggs if you're feeling adventurous. and coffee if you think you're tough enough for the salty spitoon.
*yawn* sunday morning. what should i have for breakfast? does it matter as long as i have a bloody mary beside it?
did watch mr. holmes finally, though. it was a really good movie. then the prestige, which was also pretty good though they over-foreshadowed and it kinda ruined most of the ending. it kind of turned into clones vs twins or something, though i have to be honest, i wasn't expecting all that very much. then animal house finally. it was really funny, but i don't see how it's one of the greatest movies of all time. but i did laugh alot, and i can see how it's a classic.
aftershave and phones. sounds like a full day to me.
yah i use my phone alot...but have had a smart phone a long time ....it's more or less a pocket google tool
you mean you've been talking on here without internet all this time?! i still don't have a smartphone or even one with good apps or internet access i don't pay out the ass for and so don't use.
i have a very visual imagination geist ...lol >.> ----- o.o
hello kittens! i finally got internet access again thanks to my first smart phone. yep, i  finally joined the 21st century. *swings granny panties in the air & waves them like i just don't care*
ok so i just ordered some more cardstuff for cah i ordered expansion 1-3 and the bigger blacker box.....which is an extra 300 cards and a big box....will be here for my xmas party....
lol
all that happens in that entire time is aftershave? weekends...
i still want some of your aftershave lz ...
4 am late enough to go to bed? maybe just barely. i'll try.
g'night, creeper. i was watching a movie and forgot to check in here.
dammit.  campaign ended a few hours ago.  my cursing will be boring. going to hide from attack kitten and get some sleep.  night all.
does anyone wanna work my brunch shift in a few hours? also-there's a campaign on here of a coloring book of curse words.  so.  bam.
lz those gifts sound amazing and now i need to visit!
... can i have a gift?
the "santa" presents i have bought both work! the boys are getting an atari with 100 games, and i'm getting a sega genesis with 80 games.
bye, gm!  trinkets, that sounds like alot of fun! i was gone all this time because i went to chem club, we all talked for half an hour after it ended, then i went off with a friend to eat and we took another 2 hours talking, then i got back and went to get "groceries" (pronounced "sna-ks") and am now back and ready to play games or watch a movie, most likely fallout 4 since i haven't played in a week and a half and won't get to until after finals. save me, christmas break!
wow. later gm. have a good weekend. i, likewise will probably be off for a while. i have our christmas party for work tonight. all the pizza, bowling, and brandy old fashioneds i can handle!!!!
anyways, that's all for me for this week. catch you all on monday(those of you that are here).
oh, and i forgot to mention, the creator ended up avoiding all complaints, and then hired a girl(and i feel sorry for her, really) to be her pr person...probably without saying anything about how he treated his customers.
whoa. totally lame.
one guy that got a new box got worse than his original. the two boxes i got, one closes decently, but the separators don't fit nicely, they are very tight. the other doesn't close nice, it sits off but at least a cm in each corner, the slats don't fit properly(one doesn't fit at all and falls out instantly). they also decided not to put felt on the bottom(like they showed in their campaign), and the "felt insert" is some grey insulation like thing that sheds everywhere and doesn't even fir properly.
ohhhhh yyeeeaahhhhh. i remember that box ordeal. did they send better boxes or finally produce some good ones?
@geist: don't remind me of that. they cut corners, without telling us backers. -.-
well i won't be getting that, but it does look like an amazing game!
i guess i will get them, and then when we get together to paint/play, you wife will see them and probably want some of her own....maybe. xd
@lz: if they do get to a million, i hope the box isn't as sucky as the box from the ks campaign that gcod backed.
@gm, mmmmyeah.... no! but they do look cool though.
@bakhan: get them for her. :p
@gm, some of those look really amazing!  i'm not too sure my wife would approve... ;) but, if the minis look like the drawings then i'm sure they will be a lot of fun to paint.
@bakhan: well, i need minis first in order to paint them. there is another campaign i looked at, it already ended, that i was thinking of ordering a few minis out of just to have as alternate looks for some characters. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/loudnraging/tgg2-light-and-darkness…
@gm, i'm actually trying to set up a games night at my house a couple of times a month, so that sounds awesome.  endure looks good, but i'm strapped, and they just made us take two days off a month with out pay for the next three months (including this one), that was a nice present.  anytime you wanted to get together and paint some minis, let me know, i'll even let you use my stuff... ;)
i only play it like once or twice a year unless i'm up all night and have nothing to do so i play it online, so i really don't get desensitized. i don't even think that's possible. the game is just too much fun.
agreed lz have to play only once and a while or it losses it's shock factor
i really hope secret hitler hits a million. i want that wooden box!
cah is a great game, but we have found that we do have to intersperse other games into our game nights so we don't get too desensitized to its aeesomeness
55 degrees. how? why?! i demand below freezing!
and you could get the biggest, blackest cah deck and play that. that'll be the only game you'll ever want to play. it'll actually ruin the others you bring because they're not explicit or funny. who wants to play cah online?! we should set up a game.
@bakhan: there is going to be more than folklore and to:7s for us to get together and play...i'm in on the endure the stars campaign...and it looks like it will be a good one.
@zem, that sounds substantially less awesome then what i was thinking of...
bakhan, you could just take all of someone's thanksgiving leftovers, mash them into a ring, and microwave it. that's what you just described.
@gm, i was going to call you out on that...  and really, chicken on a savoury donut might be really good.  imagine a donut with stuffing flavour, shredded chicken and a nice rich gravy over the whole thing... oh man! i want some damn food!
...that should be 'nough said, not nought.
chicken does not belong on a donut. nought said.
wow, this got political all of the sudden. what happened to chicken and donuts?
"waaaaahhh! the game i backed isn't as bigoted as i am! somebody call the wambulance!" --josh
geist, chicken and waffles are one of my favorite meals.  you need a good homemade waffle recipe and a good homemade fried checked recipe.  it just doesn't work that we'll with fast food chicken or box waffle mix. and you need hot sauce for the chicken omg, heaven.
isn't idaho one of the most religious parts of the us? according to one of his comments, he is in the boise area...
@gm, i hate people like that, so much.  hulk smash!
@geist, couldn't disagree more!  maple syrup on waffles, amazing! maply syrup on fried chicken, amazing! having both at the same time, amazing!
oh, and apparently, he has issues with "potential gay undertones".
chicken is good. waffles are good. having them on the plate at the same time, completely wrong.
ah, i should have remembered that line...i mean, it was only like 30min ago that we saw that. >.> also, look at the recent comments on to:7s. there is a guy complaining about all the z:bp talk. xd
@gm, the best line from palpatine / lord sidius... do it!
it. just do it, gm. don't ask what, just do it.
@bakhan: do what? o.o
two words: do it!
that's okay zem, palpatine isn't the lord sidius.
"no, i am your father."? oh wait, no, that comes later. crap! i spoiled it for you! sorry, disregard what i just said. vader isn't luke's father. neither is leia his sister.
mmmmm lunch... 5 more days for me... oh well, its worth it! someone went to my favourite war wonton place for lunch and filled the office with delicious smells!
well...that was a good lunch hour...watched the last of starwars episode 2, and started episode 3(got to just after the opening battle and "shocking" announcement).
@geist, sweet mercy!!! i am both sad and glad that i don't live there! tough to figure out which i feel more... ;) chicken and donuts?  it sounds kind of like heaven... ;)
geist, that just sounds beautiful! i better not ever tell my dad about that or he'll move to dc just for that.
@bakhan: there is a shop in d.c. called astro chicken and donuts. they have a very popular donuts that is creme brulee flavored. http://astrodoughnuts.com/menu/
@trinkets, live music is my thing for sure!  playing it or listening to it... ;) my next concerts coming up next year are black sabbath, and iron maiden!!! i've wanted to see both of those bands for ages!
mmmmmmmmmmm.................donuts.
glad you like it bakhan. i've listened to them for years. much more of an earlier rolling stones vibe. i saw them in september. probably one of the best shows i have ever seen. jesse hughes (lead singer/band founder) is an excellent front man.
@bobbi, please refer to the last update, they will help you find your kittehs!
where are my kittens?!?
@geist, what!!!??? that is not all, young lady! tell all!
@trinkets, i had to load it up on my phone as work blocks youtube, and it was totally worth it!  i had never heard those guys before, only their name because of paris.  they were a whole lot better than i was expecting (not a death metal fan).  thanks!
creme brulee donuts. that is all.
the box and enough expansions to fill it.
i know, all the cards available in the regular decks including the hidden one, but it just costs so much. i don't think i'll buy cah until i can get that.
but you have to get the biggest blackest box so you can get the hidden card
never played cah?!?!  i've been meaning to get the biggest, blackest box (though that's alot extra) and a few expansions like that. unfortunately, though, i can't afford that game. otherwise i'd have the contender, cah, and axis & allies all here to do my bidding.
wow, it's above 50 here! who said it could be so hot?!
well then, i guess it doesn't make sense for me to point out that cah is basically an nsfw apples to apples, which of course means that cah is far superior in every way.
@lz: i would have to say no, since i don't ever remember anything called apples to apples.
@gm, have you played apples to apples?
@bakhan  https://youtu.be/qbnvpyz9fue
...i've never played it. >.>
cah is a great game and yes i have it and have played it a lot lol ....family loves it so that option was a must
same here. i keep meaning to get cah. this will help kick me into action...or i can give it to my friend who has cah.
@lz: i saw that. i don't even own the cah game and i picked that choice.
music is definitely one of the perks of being the boss.
dang, that does suck. i have my music going, albeit quietly, at all times. one of the perks of working in the office...and i actually don't get too many phone calls(unless people are too impatient to receive  an email i sent like 5 seconds before...)
@gm, no i can't, i have to listen for the phone and deal with walk in customers so, its not possible, sadly.  sometimes i do, but i end up having to shut it off all the time, and thats pretty anoying too.
@bakhan: you're not allowed to listen to music at work?
also, kse cah expansion!?
darn you! now that i had time to look at the game, i really want to play!
bakhan, congratulations! creeper, you need an ent. just have it walk to your place every year.
@gm, good point, the problem is the quite times where i can't have music on... like now... ;)
maybe they need to kick start my heart?
@bakhan: just throw on some sonata arctica, that should save you from having that song stuck in your head.
oh god! kill me now! xp
maybe you'll have a total eclipse of the heart.
yay! i can't believe it guys!  i'm slowly but surely getting back to normal!  now i just have to get this whole, hole in the heart thing figured out... also, i've been getting that extreme hole hearted song stuck in my head, and that needs to stop! ;)
i want to get a tree.  i just don't want to go get the tree.  tree show up here.
bakhan!  that's awesome!  congrats!
dang it, tep!
@trinkets: aug 12 was when he last posted here:  hey guys, we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors) thanks! elan aug 12 2015 on exploding kittens
when was the last time elan posted in here? not that he needs to with the campaign over . just curious.
woohoo bakhan
secret paid days off!!! that's the best.
the pictures are showing here though....so that is even more puzzling.
@gm, it must be your connection.  everythings good from here. 8^)
now that's weird....all other campaign comment sections i look at, the profile pictures for backers aren't showing up. and same with when i click on profile for me...none of the campaign pictures are showing....
good morning kittens! i only have 2.8lbs to reach my 100lbs goal to go! whoo hoo!
@william: that is how the kitten corps rolls
i love how this comment  section is still being used as a chat room xd
morning gm! smile! it's friday! try not to let the nut cases get under your skin today.
morning kittens!
i just found out that i have 3 days of leave available. two of them i have to take before the end of the year or i will lose them. i was almost giddy when i found out. it will feel so good to be able to take a few days paid leave off from work.
here's how i'd play that game. flawless plan! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
good morning geist
thanks for posting about secret hitler. i backed it and look forward to playing it.
morning kittens!
first rule about secret hitler.........
found this: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/maxtemkin/secret-hitler…
ooh, i love the packers! i should have been watching. instead, it took me 3 hours to come up with a topic for my essay, and that's only because it's about an interpersonal conflict in our lives and i had a slight disagreement with my roommate 3 hours into trying to find a conflict in my life. now to try to reach 3 pages off that minor disagreement.
great show. goodnight all. awesome last play for the packers!!
yeah, i know that one! i've seen pretty much all of them available on youtube and some others since last year.
here it is. https://youtu.be/urkld1ipsoo
i didn't see that one zem. not sure which season this was from, but the 2 football players trying to out do each other in the locker room/pregame speech.
i love the ending of the finale. why they were driving that whole time.
zem, that i remember watching that key and peele skit a while back. i wish i had watched more of that show. may have been one of the funniest i have seen.
popped in earlier, then my day went to hell. geist de la muerte gatito about 6 hours ago black licorice is satan's poo along with banana flavored candy geist, that is one of the truest statements anyone in the history of all things has said.
is that even a question? do you want your hot sauce stolen? because this is how you get your hot sauce stolen.
just out of curiosity, should i hire an armed guard for when i bring it to work? >.>
@gm, technically, as i haven't recieved any payment... its still mine! all mine!!! but for reals, i need to get it to you, just a bit of a pain to make it to the n.e. and handle everything else on the weekends.  that first weekend, friday night would have worked best for me as my wife was out of town, oh well, we'll get it figured.
there is salt in it. it just got muscled out by the cinnamon
ah, that explains it. you can't say you haven't noticed it if you haven't tried it! i think a little more lemon-ish flavor and/or a little less cinnamon and it's perfect. maybe a touch of salt as well.
ok. that's what i thought. it's kind of hard to miss in the experimental flavor.
@lz: something bakhan and i need to figure out....he still is holding my sauce hostage.
gm, have you tried the experimental flavor?
i thought there was too much for the intended purpose. i'd cut it back to a slightly prominent background flavor because as it is it's kind of an acidic, bitter cinnamon outright.
dammit!  we need to get this figured out... xp
i haven't noticed the cinnamon.
@lz, i barely even noticed the cinnamon, i like it just the way it is!
yes, i drastically reduced the cinnamon. i almost cut it out entirely, but then others told me not to because it makes it unique.
i'm afraid to use them because there's not that much. i'll definitely buy some more when it goes public.  also, maybe a bit less cinnamon. well, at least it's not what i had in mind, but i'm not the one making them. other than that, i love them!
yeah, i'm kind of afraid of using my sauces now, though once i got used to the unexpected cinnamon-y-ness of the fish sauce, i realized it goes really well with my regular sandwiches. and macaroni. doc can attest to that!
@geist, that will use up almost a whole bottle! 1/2 cup = 4 fl ounces.
yippie! i get sauce tomorrow! plus, i found a recipe for chicken that uses 1/2 cup of hot sauce. i'm looking forward to making this.
well, i do have swedish ancestry...
btw, geist, you should have your sauce tomorrow
lz, what, you're an alien coming to destroy us all or swedish?
blast! my cover is blown!
@geist, if thats the case, i'm doing a better job of destroying myself... xp
geist, or swedish.
licorice is ambrosia! then you are an alien sent to the planet to destroy us all.
i don't absolutely hate it, but i've only had one or maybe two licorice things ever that i even slightly liked.
stupid possessed phone....deleted another app on me today.
@geist, i'm shocked! licorice is ambrosia!  quite possibly the very best thing evar!  those little black licorice jaw breakers with the anise seed inside? omfg! ;)  i get it though, its a very polarizing flavour, either you love it or you really don't... ;)
but that's how bananas tasted before that strain was wiped out by a genetic disease and they switched to the one we know now. i really wish gros michel bananas were still common. they're so much sweeter than today's slightly flavorful kind. i have a hard time with licorice though.
black licorice is satan's poo along with banana flavored candy.
here's a great collegehumor one worth checking out later about rainbow six's most useful mode yet. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
to get a good idea of the graphics, look up angela bassett rainbow six on youtube, or just click this link, and scroll through the video until about 1:57 to see the graphics(actual in game, no joke). http://ca.ign.com/videos/2015/06/17/angela-bassett-is-the-boss-in-rainbow-six-siege-e3-2015-interview
ah, well, i just climb the side of a building, hang upside down outside a window, and look in to see if there is an enemy inside....sometimes i throw my little remote control camera in to scout the place a bit(or the entire building sometimes) before breaching....or i'll just hang there and kill them all without moving.
really? well it's a key and peele sketch about 2 guys on a plane talking about how prepared they are for terrorists.
@lz: i have some black licorice cigars sitting in my desk cabinet...they have been there for a good 5-6months. and there are only 8(7 by the end of the day) that are rock hard.
@zem: not sure what that video is about, can't watch it at work. and when i clicked on it on my phone, it's not available in my country.
and your opinion of jägermeister doesn't surprise me. as i recall, you can't stand black licorice. i think black licorice is delicious, though.
happy hour on friday
geist, it'll be more like happy friday than
i'm excited about the z:bp news
gm, would you say you're prepared for terries? https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i can't wait to get home and kill more terrorists...rainbow six siege is amazing, takes a bit to get used to, but the graphics...omfg!
i guess this is a few weeks old, but it made me laugh so hard. these should be printed out and posted everywhere on all campuses. http://9gag.com/gag/a7bxqg2/-nationaloffendacollegestudentday
@gm, well when i get it, if you would like i can set up a game... ;)
well...i didn't get an email regarding z:bp...i didn't even back it...or get in on the late pledges through the pledge manager.
also, hey howdy trinkets!
see the latest update for z:bp, its all true! yay!
hola, trinkets. welcome to the jungle.
@trinkets: that's what i'm reading on to:7s page.
mmmmmmmmmmm.......sugar coating.
*will
howdy gang. did i hear correctly, that the zombicide-black-plague base game wil be shipped by christmas?
gm, so you become german temporarily? drunk and direct?  geist, it's better than company crappy hour. or as it seems here, company crap-on-so-and-so week.
morning kittens! @geist: i can be mean...but more in a "i'm telling it how it is, screw the sugar coating!"
i get chatty and really happy. my friends say i get loud, but i don't know about that i like happy drunk people. i don't like mean drunks. they are no fun at all.
@lz: if i come work for your company, will you be having a company happy hour? at least on fridays?
@tep: thanks for sharing the link. i'm gonna download one of the wall papers and maybe post it up on facebook. http://www.explodingkittens.com/kittyconvict
morning bakhan! i'm jealous! i fell off the wagon but i'm going to start up this weekend. hopefully i'll be a few sizes smaller buy summer. i won't be in swim suit shape but my hourglass figure should be showing by then.
good morning kittens! i hope everyone is starting off what should be a lovely day!  i am now officially more than 95lbs down from where i was at the end of may!  whoo hoo!  i've still got six days left of my juice fast, so i actually think i can reach my 100lbs goal by the end of it!  finally!
anyone wanna bring me a half pint of jäger? jager is nasty and turns your poop black.
hey, tep! good to see you're still around.
hi creeper! i miss all the chaos and randomness in this comment thread. i have a lot of catching up to do before starting the chapters. currently well, though was in burnout mode a couple of weeks ago and got sick as well. better now. but have a huge backlog of work to get through.
hi tep!!  have missed you! hope you're well!!
morning 'corps! i have been busy with life and work and a bunch of other things. good news everyone! the book is back on the agenda and the first chapter(s) will be started during late december as soon as my leave kicks in. should be able to send out a couple of drafts by mid jan next year. i also stumbled upon this one this morning: http://www.explodingkittens.com/kittyconvict enjoy!
creeper, alcohol comes up every morning at the very least. it's hard to miss, so just wait awhile and it'll come up inevitably when geist needs her "morning coffee".
as business grows, i'll look into getting all that stuff
creeper, i'm going to start out contracting production and bottling through a co-packer that has all the appropriate licenses. all i'll je doing is selling it.
awh, we were talking about drinking?  sad i missed it.
heya lz-  maybe this has already been asked - do you have the right licenses to be making a food product?  just asking before trouble shows up!  not being critical, trying to help!
no doc, hot!
sweet!
campaign will be soon. i need to get info on labels first
on another note my bonus is taking forever to get to me....i need to order my computer soon but have to wait for the 12k to hit my bank...sigh.... army is super fucking slow when it comes to giving you your money. .....
it really was delicious. ... when's the campaign lz...
i just had another microwavable bowl with sauce. 5 in just over 2 days. i'm going to be so fat now. i still have no idea how i've gained no weight all semester. but isn't it just magical? i literally had this bowl because i had to taste it again, not because i needed a snack. wanted one, but am still kind of full. when he makes the campaign, i'm going to use the macaroni deal as a major selling point. it's euphoria materialized.
it really was ....just amazing... like it was always intended to be used that way .....
see?! what did i tell you?!
....original inferno on mac and cheese is amazing......
speaking of which, we should meet in canada until i'm 21. dusting off my passport is worth being able to drink legally for the first time. i think 21 is excessive, but probably necessary seeing american culture. you've seen what happens when 18 year olds here have those kinds of parties. now imagine that being a regular and legal occurrence.
i've got 1: don't. and if you do, it'd better be either in a different country.
i've got two drinking modes, one happy friendly, everyone's my best friend.  two, stay the hell away, or knock me out.... needless to say, i don't drink often anymore... ;)
i get chatty and really happy. my friends say i get loud, but i don't know about that.
actually...i tend to get more chatty(normally a very quiet person) and more relaxed the more i drink...until the world spins, then i get more vomitty.
"and he knocked three people who were trying to save him unconscious."
"we're sorry to tell you your son drowned in a 1000 gallon vat of scotch yesterday." "oh no! he never had a chance!" "actually, he got out to go to the bathroom 3 times."
@gm, your idea is better than mine. i'll drink to that!
anyone want to bring me a 1,000 gallon barrel of scotch?
especially today. why are grown-ass adults acting like children? anyone wanna bring me a half pint of jäger?
that job title broke my brain.
if it does somehow take off like that, i'll come work for you no question. chief directing officer in charge of things related or pertaining in any way to tasks the cdotrpawtchd has to do.
come work for me, then you can. when i can take over production and hire people, every friday will be a game day.
i can't actually count on benefiting from lz's millions when his hot sauce takes off, ya know.
donuts... money... which one?! too tough to choose!
mm mm.....money....
why don't us kc members pool our resources and buy a few lottery tickets when the jackpot gets big? if we win, we can split the dough evenly. i mean, someone has to win that thing.
if i had time...
if i could draw whatsoever, geist, i'd do it right now. that sounds amazing!
i wish i could get a 5-pane graphic comic of this dude.  i just want 3 panes of super serious style graphic novel of leo, in a spartan uniform, looking off into the distance, thinking his war speech.   the 4th pane of him flying through the air yelling "this is sparta!"  the fifth- zoomed out, more cartoon-y....him-attached to my hand, ferociously gnawing on it.
leo can type!
wait, leo can type?! he is one talented cat!
because... money. and bragging rights.
it's days like today that make me ask myself why i wanted this job.
oh wow, watching good mythical morning today, they took classic christmas songs and voiced the lyrics over royalty free instrumentals. now all of the sudden i really want to hear devo do we 3 kings! but the best christmas song of all time is definitely this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
mmmm....donuts...
there was a charity event in the lobby and a dollar would get you several donuts and hot chocolate. they're closing soon and have 3 extra boxes of them so they don't care how many donuts you take, which is why i now have several donuts and hot chocolate for lunch! for only a dollar.
hi leo
eveyone say hi leo
sdfbd   q           ebdfhcnv 24
hi creeper! need i remind you of this? http://theoatmeal.com/misc/frame/cat_kill i have the poster from one of his books put up in my room so i'm always wary of the cats i see.
...shoot me now please.
i'm good!  been all over the place.  trying to find energy at the moment.  was up alll niiiiight with little lion...
creeper!  how ya doing? so glad to hear the little fur ball is feeling better!
business is starting to get craaazy.  leo is getting bigger!  not too much -but he's definitely grown.  will have to post another pic soon.  i still will watch him go in the litter and like.. nearly cry to see how easy it is for him now.  he really did kinda heal over night.  in fact it was so fast, i panicked that there was a much serious matter at hand.
glad to hear little leonidas is feeling better. has he gotten any bigger?
*waves at creeper* how is the sweets business treating you?
i shall curl up and hide in my baubax jacket when it arrives.
super happy he's a normal kitty now... but sweet lord jesus.  3 am i had to hide under a blanket so he'd stop attacking me.  at first i just hid my hands.  but then he went for my face.  and this morning he's allllll purrrrs and sweet.  i know who you really are.
@creeper: it's training you to watch your back.
pretty sure leonidas craves human flesh.  as he attacks me on a constant basis.
oh kittens....
according to the it manager, it was someone who was running a query that pulls information from our servers, and didn't let it finish before running it again(possibly multiple times). people really are impatient...just like the guy who called me yesterday for some payslips(same one who expected me to drop everything and help him), and calling me seconds after i hit the send button on the email saying they didn't arrive.
funny how the network acts screwy when you have a deadline to meet. pretty sure it's the illuminati at work.
network issues on a tight deadline are fun...good thing out it is on it right away.
@zem, sorry i forgot you were 'merican... ;)
what is this "less" and how does it apply to my precious internet?!
@zem, less internet + more studying = passing exams, just saying... @geist, good morning m'lady!
morning! or nearly afternoon.
i've said it before and i'll say it again: nothing better than waking up to fail an exam first thing in the morning! (i hope) it can only get better from here.
morning kittens.
good morning kittens!
you did? i must have too. where?
*blink* i missed cb? awwww.
dang it, lz, you're making me fat! i've had like 4 macaroni bowls with hot sauce since last night!
i put everything off to watch an entire evening of livestreams but one didn't happen and the other is having really bad technical difficulties.
i have way too limited a supply of snacks and just ran out of popcorn. someone needs to prepare to die.
i am so glad i keep food at work...even if it isn't good for me because it's that frozen stuff....but it keeps me from killing people....for now.
i can't remember which email i used for it, and i can't remember my password for my kc email.
you can't say you lost your password?
i still can't locate my password for that...
truthfully, i don't spend much time there.  i'm still pestering the wife for the photos... as much as i can anyways... ;)
bakhan, don't worry. i'm definitely not a people person. i'll make sure to avoid customer relations as much as possible.
any word of progress with things that were going up on the litter box? i only remember the halloween pics which i'm fine whenever they come up, but i think there were a couple other things that were supposed to go there that i forget now. i may be the only person to have gone on that site since october 31.
@zem, thats about the size of it.  my advice for a career, one where you have limited impact from people.
bakhan, that reminded me of this: http://dilbert.com/strip/1994-02-19
haters gonna hate, unreasonable peeps gonna be unreasonable...  people, who needs em!
gm, thanks for eliminating yet another line of work from things i might at some point consider.
word of advice to everyone! always keep your pay stubs for the last 6 months somewhere safe. calling payroll/hr to get a copy of them, when you know you will need it that day(and calling 5+ times in less than 20min) makes everyone not happy. especially when you demand they drop everything and help you. sorry, you want me to stop working on paying around three hundred people and help you exclusively? f*** that!
@david, please refer to the last update, it has all the info you need!  best of luck!
awesome and exiting project. guys i never get my deck, how can i found out what happen?
@gm, yes. engrave it and tattoo a mirror image of it on their face. that way, every time they look in the mirror, they will see the reminder
@lz: can i engrave the "hand in timesheets on time or don't get paid" on the employee foreheads while i'm at it? keep getting late submissions. too bad they missed cut off and will need to wait(and this part i'm serious about).
gm, what you need to do is invent and perfect the pocket teleporter, and then go to all the terminals and sharpie it on the walls.
@zem: that would involve at least two weeks on the road, going from terminal to terminal. i honestly have no desire to do that.
just sharpie a reminder to the wall in front of everybody's computers so they never forget.
so....this day went south, pretty fast. can't wait until everyone remembers they need to send the two week summaries to their regional managers...without me reminding them. or for them to send their terminals timesheets to me every pay period...without a reminder. unfortunately, i can't let it slide because we need everything to be compliant with the rules and regulations. -.-
i will need to try the mac and sauce ......sounds good
what, you're sneaking outside my window taking pictures of me eating it? speaking of which, just put the mad cow on an already great barbecue sandwich and it was amazing! and the macaroni thing really surprised me, but just a few drops add so much flavor and makes one of the best foods even greater.
it's good to hear so many good reviews/uses for the sauce. i've been grabbing screenshots to use in the campaign. i hope that's okay.
ah. now that i have a ton of stuff to do, time to sit back, relax, and do nothing for the rest of the day!
@gm, fair enough ;), just let me know when you can, no rush.
@bakhan: i could be enticed to join in the explosive times. we'll see about it since i'm still not sure when we are doing our family get together with my aunt and uncle and their family(we never do it on christmas, always with 2 weeks before/after).
@gm, fyi, i have cancelled my ugly sweater party due to lack of turn out.  it seems people would rather go watch the flames than partake in delicious christmas treats and ugly christmas sweater fun.  so my new plan is to have a few people over to play some games, ek, etc., so if you're up for that, you're invited... ;) (there will still be some delicous christmas goodies!)
could be, but more likely i won't have a better time until thursday evening if i'm lucky, more likely friday. but then i get to worry about finals! you all remember those, right? good times!
morning kittens. here's hoping that today is better.
g'mornin'. i accidentally slept into the useless class once again. oh well, good thing it's pointless.
good morning kittens!
good morning all
sauce is delicious if you cook your onions down with it.... i toped my burger with them....so good
never thought hot sauce would go so great with macaroni, but several drops of that stuff in a microwavable thingy (for childrens' cold lunches and college kids who need a snack) makes it so much better yet!
mine is just a dumb phone. its iq hovers around 42. at least it can perform basic functions. just wish i had one with all those fancy apps.
people have drunk phones, mine is possessed. i am definitely going to be getting a new phone soon...good thing my contract is up at the end of the year.
gm, my uncle went on a mission trip to madagascar, and a year and a half later during christmas, he got an urgent, semi-important text. not much he could do by then.
i would look at it...but my phone is being a bitch. it deleted messenger, won't open facebook(closes it right away)...and it sent me a notification, for a missed call that happened on nov 9th...about 30min ago.
update: 355 people have seen the post with erik's link in it.
yeah, it was something like that
no, i swear! i just had 4 shots of rum and 3 fireballs! no, you're right, i probably just had a few hundred o'doul's. that's more logical.
he actually doesn't drink anymore, so he didn't have any. not only did he believe me, but he didn't believe us when we told him the truth.
lz, and he believed you? that's awesome! and a great way to save some money on the good stuff and not have to deal with one more drunk guy. how many did he drink? i think i remember doing the math and personally needing more than 100 in one hour to be even just legally drunk.
tired. i have to take the dog to his therapy session.  but i'll be back in a couple of hours.
doing well. how are you?
oooof.  long day already and i still have a bunch of stuff to do.  how are ya'll?
zem, no. he came to the party late. i had already had an egg nog with three or four shots of rum in it and a similar-sized rum and coke. when i heard he was on his way, i did three shots of fireball and then cracked open the o'doul's. when he arrived, that's what he saw me drinking, and everyone else went along with it.
@micah, oops, sorry.  didn't know of your addiction.  :)
chameleon, go away! i don't have money for that but now i need it! how did you know i have a mug collection i can't afford?! i'll have to pass it up this time, but i really do want that so badly!
did you get him to funnel it because it's the only way to get enough fast enough to get drunk?
i convinced a friend that i got drunk off o'doul's. that was pretty fun.
they aren't cheap, and on backorder, but look: http://shop.theoatmeal.com/products/a-nice-big-cup-of-nope-coffee-mug
so any crazy stories from this weekend? i've already talked about my double thanksgiving and the 20 degree football game.
145 people have seen it. i hope she's getting a lot of good feedback.
2 freezing rains and 3 melting snows. why can't nature do what it's supposed to? rain stays above freezing and snow stays below! that way there's no sheet-ice to slide on everywhere and no slush to get everything soaked and dirty and slide on!
and mad cow sauce. that sounds delicious. ` ok, thanks, lz.
mm...nothing like taco salad with chipotle dressing....all that's missing is some nice roasted chicken.
that link has been posted to the kc fb
damn! i missed the chameleon! zem, the kc fb page still has a couple hundred followers.
aaw, see ya chameleon! nice having you back in for a short time!
@chameleon, enjoy your day! it was great seeing you too!
talk to you later chameleon. don't be such a stranger anymore. :p
i'm out for now, folks.  nice seeing people again.  :)   later!
lol
nintendo and computer; no delay, baby! n64masterrace
@bakhan, that's weird.  when i used to play guitar hero on the wii, there wasn't any delay, and that wasn't plugged directly into the console.  sounds like crappy programming.
@gm, yeah, could be plenty of things.  was surprised to only see it in the 2 pinball games
@chameleon, with rock smith, they have a patch cord that plugs straight into the console, so the reason for the delay must be in the console processing the signal?  i'm not too sure, but it definitely makes it impossible to play the harder songs for me, especially when it grades you on timing... lol!
@chameleon: could be because of the way the game was originally designed(smaller studio perhaps), lots of stuff going on in the game(could be wrong graphics engine was used for the game), stuff blocking your control from having a clear line of sight, or any number of other things that could be causing it(even downloads on your system can - not always though - lag your games that aren't even played online).
@bakhan, first world problems, yeah.  lol   i think the delay is because the controller uses bluetooth to talk to the console.  not sure, though.  and not sure why i notice a delay just in those games and not others (non-pinball).
@chameleon, i guess thats where i have a hard time with this.  how much did the consol cost? how much did the game cost?  why the hell is there a delay?  what was really messing me up, was the more used to the delay in the game i got, the more it was screwing me up in my band, as there was no delay!  arrggg!!! first world problems i suppose... ;)
@bakhan, there's a delay with the flippers in the 2 pinball games i downloaded.  made them unplayable for me.  :(
this is the busiest morning in awhile now. can't wait till i have to leave for my next 2 classes and miss 2 1/2 hours of it to catch up on.  the only thing making this snow bad is that people walking on it turns it to slush that's harder to walk on than snow itself. it's like walking on ice the whole way there.
also, promised erik i'd repost this, and will probably do it again later if more people show up *coughcoughgeistcoughcough*. she must not have had enough coffee with her bailey's. ` erik about 12 hours ago hey backers! would you mind sharing your thoughts on exploding kittens? my wife is doing a report on the kickstarter campaign for a business class, and is trying to get some feedback. we would really appreciate your input!  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1b5fifvtajmjyuxmhl4wyyoyusopb32gzv8qnyjr2u3k/viewform
@micah, i decided to give console gaming a try since my hands/wrists are kind of messed up from work.  so any break from the mouse and keyboard is a good thing.  :)
the game that i was most excited to get was rock smith, and i've played it more than any of the other games i have, but it has a slight delay, even going straight to the tv with optical connection (supposedly the fastest) so it really screws me up... oh well.  i'm sure that if i practiced them more, i would enjoy them more as well.  i haven't given up hope completely yet... ;)
chameleon, if you like keyboard controls, i play fallout on my laptop. i'm either an old nintendo kind of gamer or a keyboard and mouse kind of guy.
@bakhan, i'm with you!
here's the website: http://www.no-mans-sky.com/
why can't we just have a holo deck already? ;p
haven't heard of that one i don't think.
i'm excited for no man's sky next year.  :)
i play primarily fps on the ps4. some open world(not that there are very many good ones right now), and some rpg. primarily right now, i'm playing tales of zestiria, final fantasy xiv, and black ops 3(every now and then, though it's making me sad since i already have all but 1 assault rifle with gold camouflage, 2 snipers with it, and almost 3 smg...not even fourth prestige yet).
@gm, yeah, those were cool.  excited to get mine.  :)
@bakhan, i'm not a fan of fps games, either.  i prefer open-world and sandbox-style games.  it's taking my awhile to get used to the controls in fallout 4.  :)   too used to mouse and keyboard
i wish i knew about the spellbook gaming boxes when they were still open. those look awesome.
@chameleon, thanks, blocked at work, but i'll check it out when i get home.  i bought a ps4 when they first came out and have put maybe 20 hours on it since then.  my main problem is i missed the transition between side scrollers and first person shooters (got out of video gameing for many years).  now trying to play those first person games gets so frustrating for me, which way is the character walking vs. aiming its weapon, etc.  maybe, i'm just too damn old... ;)
@bakhan, i'm taking this week off without pay, myself.  i'm not starting my next show until next monday, and am out of vacation time right now. mainly gameplay of things on the ps4.  i started with fallout 4, but will have other things in there...  here's the link if you want to see: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucobsurjyafgrwacvjlj5qbq
@chameleon, nice!  i wish i could take some more vaction time this year myself.  we just got told that we have to take two days off without pay (damn economy!) for the next three months, so i'm probably going to try to turn four of those days into a week off... ;)   congrats on the new youtube channel!  i've never had that kind of ambition!  what kind of gaming stuff are you covering?
@gm, then don't!  i wouldn't and if its something that will affect you getting your job done, go to their superiors.  a couple times of doing that should sharpen them up!
@bakhan, i finished up my last project at work, so have been on vacation.  this is my 3rd week.  :)   i started a new youtube channel for gaming, so have started doing videos for that...
@chameleon, i'm doing good, not much new with me... how about you?
they don't pay me enough to have to remind people every 3 hours of stuff they had brought up first.
hi bakhan.  :)  i'm good.  how are you?
@gm, easy man, easy!  theres no point in getting that riled up!  they don't pay you enough for that!
chameleon! how the heck are you?!!!
i might be on a vacation soon if this crap keeps up...but it would be a 20+ year vacation...with parole at the end.
it might as well be friday, since i'm on vacation, woohoooo!  ;)
is it friday yet?
morning zem and gm!
morning kittens!
good morning, bakhan!
hooray! snow!!! actual snow! i wish it would stay below freezing while it did it so we didn't end up with sheet ice again. it's only supposed to get warmer this week. can it not?
good morning kittens!
goodnight, zem!
belated good night, pol.
ooh, it should have been out in time for christmas delivery! that would have made it all so much better.
thanks, pot, you too.  i'll try not to.  :)  nite!
it's bedtime for me gents. @chameleon.  it's good to see you again, don't stay away so long next time. @zem.  a pleasure as always.
@pot, cool, thanks.
it could be within the next few months, keep an eye out here, and on their twitter feed.
@pot, lol  any idea when we'll see the expansion or the new game?
@micah, i follow ghostrobo and totalbiscuit. i like those 2.  :)
i wanted to steal those cards so badly.  it's a shame i'm such a nice guy.  and that i realize how old, fat, and slow i am.
yeah, i have no idea why he's so popular. i do follow markiplier and jacksepticeye among a few others, though. but they're actually funny.
@pot, oh, those sounds cool.  excited to see what they have.  :)
chameleon...  elan and matt have a 20 card expansion set nearly ready to go that will change the game in exciting ways.  and there is a new game getting ready for testing that looks like it's going to be a lot of fun.  i've seen the original hand drawn oatmeal cards for both and it's incredible.
yeah, will be fun to do some collabs.  i have some friends that will likely be joining me at some point. lol  pewdiepie.  not sure why he's so popular.
the best videos are always collaborations, but i wouldn't expect to do those until you have several thousand subs. proud to be lucky number 7! just don't let all the internet fame go to your head when you surpass pew die pie and become one of the most famous internet stars. remember the little guys.
@micah, yeah, started with fallout 4.  will do some star wars: battlefront, too.  and disney infinity, probably.  maybe some minecraft.    i'm anxiously awaiting no man's sky next year, as well as some other things
you never know the intimate details of your mother's life until you play cod online. she gets around alot, even to different countries, but only with kids who are like 12 years old at most.
well i see you've primarily done fallout so far, which is a good one to do for the most part. i have 66 hours on that one in the nearly 3 weeks since it came out, and would have much more if not for the holiday. great choice! plus no annoying children 360 no-scoping you.
@micah, lol  yeah, i can imagine.  i'm going to try and stay away from that sort of thing.  especially since fps games aren't really my thing.  :)  i prefer open-world and sandbox-style games
chameleon, only if you play call of duty online. the freaking squeaker squad! kill them all! ` why do you get all the meetings with elan?! quit hogging him all to yourself!
@pot, nice.  new houses can be fun, but also a pain in the butt.  what's up with elan these days?
up to my eyeballs in building a new house, hanging out with elan lee and traveling here and yon.  i'm having a pretty good year. : )
@pot, good, thanks.  really busy until recently.  now i've been on vacation for a couple of weeks, and have this week off, too.  it's nice to be able to relax, and get this new youtube channel started.  :)  how about you?
how've you been chameleon?
@micah, depends on who you compare to.  :)  compared to a lot of the whippersnappers that play games, i am.
chameleon, you're not technically a geezer, so i'm not sure that counts, really. ` no problem, erik-who-suddenly-has-no-last-name!
thanks micah, we'd really appreciate it!
anyone else wondering what youtube channel we're talking about, it's this one: https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucobsurjyafgrwacvjlj5qbq
i see pot!  :) @micah, thanks for watching my other channel, and subscribing to this one.  i appreciate it.  :)
erik, that might be a good idea, though i think most of the people following that and the facebook page are here as well, though at least it won't get pushed down there. i'll repost the link tomorrow morning when more people are here for you. ` pot, i had 2 thanksgivings, one was a large one with 17 people, amazing food, and 7 or 8 pots of 3 types of really good coffee, so i obviously had a great weekend. also avoided black friday, though i did sit through a losing football game in 20 degree weather with strong winds, but i still enjoyed that too.
thanks micah, and thanks for reminding me of the kitten corps! i may have to make a twitter account so i can ask them as well.
i've been good zem.  had a good thanksgiving with friends, did another thanksgiving for just my wife and i.  bought the first few light fixtures for the new house and avoided black friday shopping like the very plague i believe it to be.  all in all a good weekend.
surveys meet ek meet kitten corps? yeah i'll do it, erik. good topic for a project.
hey backers! would you mind sharing your thoughts on exploding kittens? my wife is doing a report on the kickstarter campaign for a business class, and is trying to get some feedback. we would really appreciate your input! https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1b5fifvtajmjyuxmhl4wyyoyusopb32gzv8qnyjr2u3k/viewform
also, hello, pot, how have you been since the last time you were on?
hey, chameleon, if you're still here, have you seen my comments? about 1/300 of them has been about games! (that means about 18 or so comments) also, i watched your last channel with loyalty and dedication until about a month before it stopped, and that was you reading childrens' books, so i'll definitely subscribe to this one!
aww.  darn it.  i missed the chameleon.
who likes video/console gaming?  i've started a new youtube channel.   grumpy geezer gaming.  :)
that's more for drinking nowadays. i mean a holiday with a legal minimum of 3 pounds of normal food and 1 pound of dessert, which i easily excel.
@micah, we aren't the only country to have a holiday that's all about the eating.  ;)   octoberfest comes to mind.  i'm sure there are others, as well.
well next time make sure you are before commenting like that!
i was unfortunately not drunk.....
i had 2 great thanksgivings and consequently won't eat for the next 2-3 months. leave it to we 'muricans to have a holiday devoted to eating!
hi micah.  :)
hey, chameleon! long time no sé!
hey, how are the kittens doing?  haven't peeked in in awhile, so thought i'd say hey, and wish everyone a happy holiday.  hope peeps had a good turkey day.  :)
doc, were you by any chance completely drunk last night? or did your alcoholic phone fall off the bandwagon again?
see this is why i don't post shit..... fucking non edit bullshit....
more
i'm
meh imy in atleast once a day if not korea to read the comments. ....
huh, guess it is just me. see what this place would be like without me? i rarely go a day without at least checking in once, and that's usually on vacation that i'm traveling and can't.
this is the welcome i get? oh, it's late morning on a weekend after a holiday for half of us. even i shouldn't be here.
wow, i haven't had many chances at all to visit this weekend! especially not during normal hours. hopefully i'll be able to check in more tomorrow, even though it's the normal thanksgiving for us. hopefully it's above 20 degrees so i don't have to ice pick my windshield. hopefully i don't have to spend 6+ hours in said 20 degrees again for a football game, even one that exciting.
lolz, when you mix jager with red bull, both change into the most delicious thing.... mmm love me some jager bombs!  but, when it comes to drinking jagermeister, it needs to be ice cold, then its so good.
yeah, red bull is nasty. i really love black licorice, though, so jäger is right up my ally. i'll take it neat. screw red bull!
@lz: not a fan of the jagermeister. might be because everyone always serves it mixed with red bull...and that stuff is disgusting to begin with.
and some jägermeister. i just tasted it for the first time and decided everyone needs that.
@gm, you need to get a sherlock hat, pipe, and violin... just to get into character... ;)
or when changing emergency contact info: yeah, it should probably be the wife, phone number ###-###-#### ...and that's all that's in the email. good thing payroll is part detective.
yeah, i find most peoples basic communication skills roughly equivalent to a grade schooler.  why would i possibly include helpful information in the header, doesn't see the attached cover it?
nothing like having to search through thousands(literally) of emails to try and find a few termination forms....would help so much if people would put information into the emails other than "see attached" in the body, or "termination forms" in the subject line....tell me what branch, what the last names were, something to identify them faster.
@zem: bah! they could have stayed up if they had tried.
we were all really tired and just went to bed. i might've stayed up, but i'd have been alone.
hmm...that is definitely something i will need to look into. i'll check some of my cookbooks i have and see what might be decent to go with some of that.
so i'm coming up with my menu for the ugly chirstmas sweater party...  so far i've got chocolate mint shortbread cookies, a square that is shortbread covered in caramel and then chocolate, sugar cookies, a rice krispy christmas tree, my version of disney's best hot chocolate ever (no lie, its the best!), mini yorkies stuffed with beef, and mini chicken pot pies (tart sized). i need a couple more savoury dishes, any ideas?
so, apparently, the ship carrying the messenger bag i ordered was due in port yesterday. if it actually made it into the port yesterday, that means i should get the shipping notification within a week, and the bag a week later. here's hoping that it actually did arrive on time.
@gm, i'm on another juice fast so pretty much the opposite of stuffed... ;)
good morning all you stuffed kittens! and bakhan too, since we didn't get stuffed last night. :p @zem: what? you went to bed at 10-10:30 because of a power outage?! where were the flashlights, the exploding kittens, the laughter? you wasted good time there.
good morning kittens!
we love it too, but haven't had much of a chance.  power went out last night and everyone went to bed. it was the first time in forever that i could remember going to bed at 10-10:30 pm!
well had a few people try the sauce and they all loved it!
also, 27 f, -3 c, with sleet and strong wind isn't fun in the first place, much less to drive all the way home in for over an hour through light thanksgiving traffic while being practically asleep since i've been tired for hours and had just woken up from a short nap and was still practically asleep.only nearly went off the road once. don't blame me if you literally woke me up to drive after i've only had 10 hours of sleep over the last 2 and a half days.
you guys had a gull day here without us. thanksgiving pt. 1 is finished. now for the last home game of the season against our rivals in really cold that i have to usher and thanksgiving pt. 2. ` it's been forever since the last time, but playing age of empires i multiplayer with brothers is one of the most fun things ever! especially when you're doing co-op.
well...good thing i decided to check online before going in-store to see if the book i want is finally in paperback....nope, not until june 2016. and the "final" book in the series(possibly just this arch) is out now...in hardcover. sucks when i have all the others in paperback.
back when i was collecting them they were mostly metal, there were some cheaper plastic booster boxes and such.  i created my own chapter of space marines, prodominantly white, with red, green, and gold accents.  but i was way more into wfb than 40k.  i still have some wood elves (metal) and a bunch of assorted chaos creatures (metal and plastic).  if you ever wanted to take a crack at any of those, let me know.
i had a bunch of space marines, and dark eldar(from the starter pack that they came together in). also had a sm tank(predator annihilator i believe) and a da transport ship....might also have some da slave girls somewhere too...but they are metal.
i have a bunch of 40k eldar harlequins that i never got around to painting, that are pretty cool, pretty much expert level painting though... i have a variety of choas beastmen and such (plastic) that i know for sure i will never paint that would be good for getting back in painting shape.
hmm...wonder if i still have my warhammer 40k ones...i think i have some of the metal ones(well, know i have lilith hesperax or whatever her name was), that i can practice on. i think i might have actually thrown them out a couple years ago(plastic ones that is).
@gm, as far as practice minis, i have some old ones from games workshop i can let you have, if you want.
that's why i'm glad we don't get them for almost a year. gives me time to save for that, and the condo.
@gm, hehe, and you thought your budget is tight now, just wait till you start pricing that stuff out!  i dropped almost $800, and i still don't have everything i want yet... sigh, this hobby can break you if you're not careful.
@bakhan: i will have to practice on something...hopefully roughly to scale of those. will need to buy all new paints/brushes/tools/etc...since i don't actually have any right now(don't want to use my dad's since he uses them for his napoleon era soldiers).
@gm, i can't wait to get my grubby paws on those minis.  i bought all new paints, brushes, tools, greenstuff, etc. almost a year ago, for a project i still haven't recieved, so i've been jonesing to do some painting!  i've been out of it for almost 15 years, but i painted a few old space hulk minis when i got my new paints, and i haven't lost my touch.  i just want to paint some minis, is that so wrong?!
also, apparently with the folklore: the affliction, if you got the $299 pack, you get over 200 miniatures....that's a lot of painting!
well...this day is almost a complete write off...been sitting here doing almost nothing all day. >.<
@sam, please refer to the lastest update.  it has all the info you need! good luck!
i backed the project to get the nsfw edition and i never received it.  whom do i need to contact to finally get my copy?
i think i have finally gotten my great grandmothers apple pie recipe re-created.  i'm so sure, i'm going to feed it to strangers and gauge the reaction.  that plus my grandmothers pecan pie (with the addition of a little high end bourbon that she would never have approved).  thanksgiving is gonna rock this year.
@zem, happy thanksgiving!  have fun, eat some turkey for your northern neighbours!
happy thanksgiving and freezing rain and ice and snow, everyone! pot, hahahaha, i'm going to use that one today.
@gm, some people i've been talking to are just going to value village, and getting legit ugly christmas sweaters.  this is the one i have on the way... http://www.kohls.com/product/prd-2238979/star-wars-ugly-feud-sweater-men.jsp…
that would mean going out and buying an ugly sweater...which would be worn once and then never again...i will definitely think about it. :p
@gm, i'm having an ugly christmas sweater party on the 12th, won't be any band stuff this time, so we would actually get a chance to play some ek, if you're interested. ;)
yeah...but i want my edm(every day messenger) more than the pens. xd
@gm, huzzah!  it always feels like a victory to get those!
well, i just got tracking information for one of the campaigns i was waiting on...not the one i really wanted...but still a good one.
@pot, that was awesome!  enjoy your turkey day, i'm sure it will be legendary!
morning kittens. and a happy thanksgiving to all of you south of the border.
happy thanksgiving my ek family. travel safely, and eat unreservedly.  may your pants attempt to strangle you at the waist.
good morning kittens! happy thanksgiving to our america kittens! enjoy your time off, you deserve it!
oh, we tried the sauces, the mad cow and inferno. but we tried them with flavorful things so we couldn't get the full flavor, though they went perfectly with what we had them with. when i suggested a fish sauce, i was thinking specifically of salmon steaks we make every once in awhile, and i think we'll have one maybe this sunday to try it out. try it for what i had in mind. we have them with all sorts of flavor, but this would be new, and i was thinking of that when we were talking about the sauces one of the first times and realized nobody made a fish sauce yet.
just make sure it's fully thawed and you won't have a problem.
of course. i want to try a deep fried turkey, but i don't want to do it. youtube has scared me away from that particular endeavor.
haha, i thought you said you'd be using charcoal and wood chipmunks for a second there. i really want to try a deep fried turkey. everyone who has says they're the best. i also want to throw in one un-thawed just for gits and shiggles. from behind a nuclear fallout shelter, of course.
i have a smoker. i'll be using charcoal and wood chips/chunks. my smoker also steams the meat. it'll take several hours, but the meat will be super moist and tender. and deliciously smokey. i'm going to use cherry and pecan woods.
i saw how to make one in a clean metal trash can using charcoal that looked really good. cooks perfectly in an hour and isn't dry. we get two thanksgivings this year. one at our grandparents' and with our mom at work at the hospital tomorrow and ours on saturday with friends and cousins.
yes, i have tomorrow off. i get to get up before dawn to smoke the turkey breast. i decided hanging it in a net bag, but didn't have one. i used my arms as knitting needles to make one. i'm fairly proud of it.
hah! i'm immune to cold! you'll only add to my superpower!
@zem, just so you know, i've put one of my boots in the freezer just for you!  that way when you come up to visit, it won't be as much effort to kick you in the nuts that way. ;)
0?! lucky! tomorrow's supposed to be the first major storm of the winter and will only get down to about 20 f, staying between 20-30 all day.
@lz, well, you still have tomorrow off though, right?  you can do it! make an underling miserable, it will make you feel better... ;)
@geist: enjoy your paid time off. @lz: me too...unfortunately i am waiting for an approval for the payroll...and i just got an approval for something i won't be able to sneak onto this run.
@lz: home is where the heart is.
oh trust me, i will. it will be the first time in a year that the time off is paid. i have some candy corn vodka that i just made so i think i will have a little snort of that before bedtime. or i might just take it to the movies with me tomorrow.
i wish i could go home...
@geist, happy holidays!  enjoy the time off, you deserve it!
and for the record, the office officially closed 3 minutes ago. i have at least 20 minutes until my bus arrives then it's home for me. (actually i will try to see a movie first, then home) happy holidays everyone!
@gm: then the winters in d.c. would be a walk in the park for you. you'd be the one wearing flip flops and jean shorts, no top in the middle of january here.
@geist: it is in mine definitely. i personally rarely get cold at home. middle of winter i will walk around the house without socks/slippers on, and my feet wont be cold. everyone else...slippers, socks, sweaters(i will wear a hoodie every now and then, but not always).
@geist, yep, and three new furnaces this year, so that parts not too bad. @gm, look, i don't whine when it gets hot, so let me have my misery! ;)
@gm & bakhan: i hope the insellation in your homes is up to snuff.
@bakhan: don't fret, it's only going to get colder. :p
i must say, i'd be hard pressed to be thankful for this weather, jeebus! its cold! it was 0f this morning!
gm, you're canadian. you had your thanksgiving. get over it.  geist, they have it to celebrate harvest, we use it for completely different historical reasons. creeper, hi again! 2 times in one day?! you must not be busy at all. also, how is nugget?
@gm: you mean during halloween month? aw heck no.
@geist: we do, ours in at the proper time though...last month. :p
@gm: that is only because canada doesn't celebrate thanksgiving.
hi creeper! i am happy...sort of...except for the fact i need to work tomorrow and friday...but that's part of life.
howdy creeper! how is the little nugget?
hi kittens!!!  baking for the big day!!!  hope everyone is cheering up.  cheer up!
i should complain...i have to work the rest of this week.
i shouldn't complain. i'm looking forward to spending nearly the whole day at my favorite movie theater tomorrow. then i'll start the major organization work on friday. i expect to have my whole apartment neat and orderly before the new year.
what's that? i can't hear you over all the nothing i'm doing. ;)  don't worry, it'll be my turn eventually. you guys can retire some day (probably when you'r 80-90 seeing today's economy) and i'll be the one complaining while you guys talk about all the free time you have.
@bakhan: wish i had a schlub i could throw some of this paperwork at....i literally don't have the time to deal with most of it, and people seem to forget something that was talked about less than 24 hours ago...
soul-less wednesday.  my favorite day of the year.
@geist, thats the way it always goes before holidays or long weekends.  people looking to duck the flog and not actually work, clean off their desks, and give it to the next schlub to look after.  don't you love being a schlub? ;)
@geist: so that you can't leave early it seems.
screw the coffee. i'll take the bailey's solo. why the heck are people sending me s**t on thanksgiving eve? what is the point if you are going to leave the office early today?
gm, the fact that you can't remember is probably a telling sign. ` trinkets, i love fallout! i have 64 hours on it after all.
i would have woken up at 6, but neither me nor my brother woke up to the alarm, and he woke up then, so we got some of the last donuts there.
mmmmm. nothing like staying up till 4, waking up at 7:30, going to get donuts and coffee, and then cleaning up the house for thanksgiving. the morning was pretty cool, but until it's all cleaned up, lots o' fun!
or was it a coffee laced baileys...i can never remember.
@geist: drink a baileys laced coffee...you're not yourself without it. ;)
arrrrrggggghhhhhh! *translation: morning kittens*
morning kittens!
good morning bakhan
good morning kittens!
good morning all.
zem, how do you like fallout 4 so far?
but what brings you around here? it's been forever since you've been on.  ` on that note, off to bed.
you're up really late and not on when we need you. i'm only up because vacation and fallout 4.
hope everyone is having a lovely week.
*purrrrrs*
zem, yes i did. i hope you and your family enjoy it
it's obvious it's near vacation time of some sort. it's so quiet in here now. oh yeah, did you see my comment this weekend about having gotten the sauce, lz? haven't tried it yet, but i hope to get some good chances because of all the food to come.
today was full of meetings. i'm glad it's over. just one more workday, then thanksgiving, then blackout friday. it will be a good weekend.
night? it's only 5 pm! i was up until 5 am last night. almost went to a donut shop that opens when i fell asleep, 5:30. if my roommate hadn't had classes and homework, we would have gone. now to finally go home! meant to probably 24 hours ago now, but i had vacation all the same.
have a good night kittens!
@gm, sigh... you know what i meant... jerky! ;)
@bakhan: sure there is...it just takes time to prepare it at home. we normally do it with leftovers from dinner. put them in the lunch containers, then in the freezer. take them to work and bam! frozen, microwavable, good food. :p
@gm, for shame... for shame... there is nothing you can get from a freezer and put in the microwave, that is good for you, or even tastes good, imho.
...this frozen burrito is rather bland. it's got a bit of heat to it, but bland otherwise. but that's what i get for buying the no-name frozen burrito at the grocery store...at least i can keep it in the freezer at work and eat it when i'm hungry.
lol@trinkets
yeah, two of the three that are on track, i've backed the creators before. and 99% of the time, they deliver within a week of the estimate. that's how reliable they are. and they definitely make good products, so it's worth it.
what the heck was elan thinking? delivering a game that went full on crazy over their goal, basically on time........that's just rediculous. hopefully he learned his lesson and just delay it 6 months next time. i mean, how dare he.
ain't waiting grand?  the joys of ks... ;)
@bakhan: if you want to go that way, i have: 2 at 1-month late 1 at 3-months late 1 at 4-months 1 at 5-months 1 at 3-years(not expecting this ever) 3 on track to deliver on time/within communicated reasons 2 for mar 2016 2 for oct 2016 1 for mar 2017(bloodstained - game like castlevania made by koji igarashi himself!)
bakhan, you're waiting almost 5 years for stuff!
@gm, are those ones that have passed there delivery date, as per the campaign manager?  i've got one thats over 2 years past delivery, 1 that is over 1 year, 1 thats is over 6 months, 4 that are over 3 months, 2 that are 2 months, and with z:bp getting delayed, it will be over as well.  the rest are currently not overdue / not shipping yet.
@bakhan: i just did a quick count, and technically i'm waiting on 13 projects to get to me. one of them shipping just recently started(the prototypes the creators received they weren't happy with, so had to be redone, understandable), two of them should be shipping this week(hopefully), the others, various stages ranging from: should be shipping, to still needs work in development.
why, pre-black friday shopping?
i sure picked a good day to decide to go to the mall after work to pick up a few items....
haha! 6 months to the day tomorrow until i'm even 20. but i have more problems, especially with my back, than most people in their 30s or early 40s. and have since i was growing, since i'm so tall, and detasseling, which i still do despite the fact that it's what made me so screwed up in the first place.
@geist: maybe in the summer, when there are no dunes to wade through because people don't shovel their walks(and it's not always the people you would think who don't shovel it...more often than not it's the people who have lived here most of their lives that don't)
@gm: and? a little light jogging wouldn't be so bad. a couple of miles 3 days a week or so.
"extra" implies there is more than walking to and from the bus/train and home/work.
keep your chin up gm. you might not get any of the stuff that your family has had to deal with. a little extra exercise and you might not have to deal with any of it.
with my families medical history, something is bound to break down sooner or later. mind you the borderline diabetes is something i already deal with(all diet controlled).
what bakhan says. and who says that your body breaks down in your 40's and 50's? only if you don't take care of it now!
@gm, you're still a young buck! now is the time to get out there and do all the foolish things you'll grow to regret as you get older.  its a thing!  i think its almost a right of passage... ;)
@geist: still two years to go in my 20's. definitely not looking forward to later when even more of me starts to break down.
@gm: so you are still in your 20's. let me know when you get late 40's. it's a barrel of laughs
gotcha bakhan. let us know something as soon as you can. don't make me take an quicky trip to canada. (i haven't gotten my new winter coat yet)
@gm, a good take away lesson from that is take care of what you've got, because its all you've got.  i had a lot of health problems when i was young, that left me pretty poorly off in the knees and ankles, so i can relate.  i had just hoped that what i have already dealt with was all i was going to have to. now that i've entered my 40's i still have all the complications of whats come before, but now all these new things too.  i guess its just another part of life, but definitely one i am having a hard time accepting.
getting old does suck. i'm not even 30, but almost 10 years of working in kitchens(working until 12am, then starting again at 9am almost constantly for those 10 years), and slipping and sliding on wet/greasy floors...it definitely did a number on my knees and lower back.
@geist, i don't see the specialist until dec 16th, so its just a waiting game now.  i am trying to be zen about it, but it is hard.  i know that there are people in a lot worse situations than me so, i'm trying to keep it in perspective.  i have to so though, this getting old thing sucks my bum hole!
@bakhan: the one i'm really waiting for is from a creator i've backed in the past, and they deliver 99% of the time within the original estimate, one item(which was still in planning/designing) came late, but i did still receive it and they let us know it was delayed(the company is peak design, they primarily do camera accessories and camera related items...like the every day messenger[one i'm really wanting now]). i back another company regularly which delivers rather promptly as well(allegory handcrafted pens). very beautifully made wooden pens, but also fairly hefty.
hello bakhan! have you heard from the doc yet?
@gm, you're not alone... i'm waiting on shipping info for at least four projects right now... sigh.  that is the hardest part about ks.  i wish there was some way to vote on projects and their creators so that other backers could get a better sense of weather or not to pledge on a project.  a simple rating system, of quality of product, communication, support, and shipping.  there are a few projects that have been delayed and delayed without comms and this is historic of the creators.  if i had been able to look at a quick stats list, i may have decided to do differently.  oh, well, money already spent, now we play the waiting game.... ;)
i'm so impatient it seems...i keep looking at my emails hoping for tracking info for another project i have backed...but haven't received it yet. >.<
good morning kittens!
morning kittens!
what are you having,  geist?
mmmmmmmmm. delicious food. well, having a traditional turkey day meal at lunch. then grilling some johnsonville brats and burgers for the packer game thursday night.  and tons of pabst and brandy old fashioneds.
yes, my mind is on food. delicious food.
morning trinkets! what are you having for thanksgiving?
good morning all.
oh yeah, forgot to mention i actually finished everything awhile ago, put it off like i said so i finished too late to get back at a reasonable time, but i did win the race. vacation!!! https://youtu.be/o3lvej86svy…
oh wow, only 2,500 comments until the 100,000th!!! i still say we give elan the honor.
i did 1/3 of it! and went to eat. now i have to develop 2 more entire lab hypotheses. if i'm not out of here by tomorrow, call a rescue tutor who specializes in organic chemistry.
yah ima need to get some brimstone burger in my life soon....
and i'm looking forward to blackout friday (although i hate black friday)
i absolutely love a good brimstone burger!
just one thing. then i can eat, pack, and leave. one... thing!!! why must i be like this?!?!?!?!?!
@doc: that sounds good...i kind of want a burger now.
ok so i'm going to try some sauce on a burger tomorrow .... well i'm going to make a burger for the sauce. ..cook it in the onions and maby try to make a hot mayo with it....
my dad's side of the family, fairly close. my mom's side...not so much. last time i saw/heard from the majority of them was at my grandma's funeral, a little over a year ago. last time i heard from my dad's side, couple weeks ago when we were moving stuff out of my grandma's house to her assisted living home. and going to see some of them probably saturday at the family dinner.
i think that's the main reason some people hate it, is because they have to see their families. my family is really close and friendly, so i love the holidays and likely will more and more the more we move apart.
@trinkets: i don't mind the holiday season, minus the commercialization of it all. the real idea of it, spending time with friends/family, that is what i enjoy.
geist, it's nice to hear somebody else who is all ready for the holiday season to begin. usually there's too many people who are bummed durring this time of year. i for one,  love it.
aaaaaand solved it by cheating. i put torsion on the lever and jiggled with the knobs until it slid over and then lifted it. now to try and figure it out on my own as what the key really is.
*as the sauce
http://www.scamstuff.com/products/the-arcana-artifact this is the only thing i was about as excited about getting than hot sauce.
yes! the artifact is here!!! now once i get home to the hot sauce, it'll be like an early christmas!
oh, didn't see you'd commented on that. sucks to suck, canada! gonna have to take a hell of a vacation to beat me on this one. i'll win as soon as i stop avoiding it and do an hour's worth of work or so.
and if yours was a month ago, it doesn't count. we're racing to the next coming thanksgiving. good luck canadians.
@zem: you're a little over a month too slow to win that one.
who wants to race to thanksgiving vacation?! 3...2...1... go!
i just want the holiday to happen. i got lots of organizing to do.
lol@trinkets. why do i think the raspberry sound is funny to you?
yup. busy here too. turn your meh upside down and have a h3w day. ok, not sure what that means, but it sounds funny.
suuuper busy today. i have a paragraph of things i need to address in a meeting tomorrow
@doc: glad to hear it!
@trinkets: it's the kind of day that i'm having.
freedom!-ish. one last thing to do and then packing, but first, lunch. i should be ready by early next tuesday. tell my family not to send out a search party, i have my sherpa and machete and am fighting my way to mount doom.
everyone must be having a busy day today. fairly quiet in here.
gm, that makes sense
i think geist's vodka reserves are running low. she may need to refuel.
meh?  what's up with that, geist?
wow...it's already november 23rd...time sure flies when you're going crazy.
before-vacation sucks. only 3 hours, 1 thing to finish, and packing to go! knowing me, i'll be done around midnight.
meh
@doc: me too...and so far nothing major happened over the weekend.
i'm at work ...
am i the first up for once? you didn't all go on vacation before me, did you?
oh hey and wife thought it was a bit to hot..... i think it's perfect for the less spicy sauce ... i'll have to buy all your sauces this one is so good....
ok... so tried sauce on some wings for dinner tasted good but makes a poor wing sauce lol not thick enough......also had eggs this morning and put it on there and fucking delicious....... more to follow
hot sauce arrived! i'll have it when i go home tomorrow! both things i've been waiting for on the same day, tomorrow! my brother asked me if he could open it and i said sure, if he wanted hot sauce in his eyes when i got there.
props, pot!
excellent questions regarding the possibility of exploding felines being left behind.  i frankly doubt it though.  the fire started (and was mostly restricted to) the 50th floor and the elevators to the 95th floor are dedicated, you can't get off anywhere but the ground floor the restaurant or the bar on the 96th floor.  the fire was reported at about 2:15 and reported out at about 3:30, it was primarily restricted to one apartment, or so i have read.  5 people were injured, no fatalities as yet. i have to tell you guys, i saw the expansion set, all hand drawn oatmeal original art in full color.  i asked my companion if he would hold elan down after i kicked him in the tenders, grabbed the cards and ran like hell.  unfortunately the answer was no.  damn it.  the expansion set of 20 is (literally) a game changer.  actually i think i deserve major props for not trying to do it without his help.  i really wanted those cards.
trinkets: "oh, i was wondering where the deck had gone to! i bet a stranger tried to open the top secret experimental deck and the kittens enacted security protocols to ensure confidentiality. again. i need to fix that and just write a note that says 'return to elan at ___.'"
good grief pot! are you serious?
@pot, elan didn't happen to drop an exploding kitten card when you left, did he?
wow. great timing with that one! just barely avoided it!
oh good.  the john hancock center, where i took elan for lunch yesterday, is on fire.  timing is everything.
el clasico is awesome! 0-4 fcb! not even over yet!
yesterday had some talk of poutine. today is starting off with putin. what's tomorrow, puddin'?
oh yeah, and they're looking at going to plastic cards.  no final decision on that yet, but there have been a lot of complaints about how the paper cards are holding up. and russia, according to elan if you try to import games directly from the us to russia they are summarily seized and destroyed.  fedex calls that "delivered" btw.  so for every set that went to russia, they had to replace the sets, ship them to an unnamed european country, load them on a truck and drive them across the boarder.  i have no idea if this happened in the dead of night and/or if cash exchanged hands at the boarder crossing but the whole thing is just weird and, as it turns out exorbitantly expensive.  you would not believe what he had to spend per copy to satisfy his obligation to the russian backers.
@zem.  yes.  i'm old.  what?  6am to early for you?
what, 3 am too late/early for you?
dang it, pot, you made pizza seem pointless! who invited you to come and talk about the most awesome thing in months?! go away and come back with a playtest deck right now!
maybe i'll get to help out the guy i introduced to elan today (his name is kevin btw), if that happens i might get rewarded with a play test deck.  who knows?
congrats ek team! whoo hoo!
i doubt that elan would leave you out at this point pot!  you would make a great addition to any play testing team and you're kc, what else does he need to know! ;) also you can bribe him with bbq!
and....  exploding kittens creative team just won chicago toy n game innovators of the year at the chicago toy and game fair. congratulations elan shane and matt.  well done gentlemen.
the new game is completely unrelated to ek, a whole new concept, play testing should begin soon.  keep an eye on twitter.  when they're ready to start play testing they'll post up a contest of some sort and by passing that you will be entered to become a play tester, i suppose it depends on response whether you'll automatically get to test or there will be some type of raffle situation, we didn't really talk about that too much.  i took a local game organizer with me, he and elan seemed to hit it off.  since he hosts a weekly game night at a local nightclub and has upwards of 200 people on any given night, i'm guessing i knocked myself out of the play testing business.  : )
@pot, is the new game kitten related?  the expansion sounds great, will we have an ability to pre-order? oh, and you sir are a lucky s.o.b. ;) congrats!
oh boy.  new stuff is coming.  a new game may be coming out in the next few months and i got to see the raw art for the first expansion set.  it's gonna blow your minds.  new capabilities.  new ways to play and a new card that elan says will become the most powerful card in the deck.  the expansion will be coming after the new game.  it's going to be very cool.
forgot to mention more than half of all that was in a kind of rain-snow that melts on contact with anything and it's only one degree above freezing so it can become ice occasionally but will definitely freeze on your windshield if you're not careful. strong wind. and a windshield wiper that sometimes gets dislocated and can't clean properly. not as bad as it sounds, but it was as  bad as it sounds. and worth it in the end!
in total, 1 mile walk, 50 mile drive, and 2 hours later, i have a medium meatlover's pizza and medium cheesesticks to keep me company. who wants a piece?! so good! not hot, but it was only warm when i picked it up anyways.
it is really tasty. yeah, lol. i guess i was channeling my inner 14 y.o. girl,lol.
@trinkets, that pizza sounds great!  and, totes, seriously?  ;)
speaking of which, i'm just stalling. i should go get it.
we used to drive 45 minutes to the closest taco bell. oh, the countless bell runs (pun intended :-p) we used make at 10:30 at night.
i'm waiting till i'm kind of hungry. and then i'm driving around half an hour each way just to get pizza from a specific place.
howdy gang!! i just got done having pizza. i made a lotzza moyzza lotzza hotzza pizza. topped with sausage, hot italian sausage(yes, 2 kinds of sausage), roasted red peppers and jalapeños. totes delish!!
i may end up ordering a pizza tonight, and then end up playing games with a few friends i haven't talked to in a few months.
though i'm almost certainly getting that pizza in an hour or two. i'll have it last all weekend hopefully.
i would if i knew it were there today and that everyone would be there to see it. most likely i'd go in, if i'm lucky my brother would be on the computer, but otherwise nobody would be in a place to see me, it wouldn't be there, and i'd just leave.
so what happens if your peers are pressuring you not to give into peer pressure?  would almost be as bad as dividing by zero... ;)
@zem: that would be awesome! do it! give in to the peer pressure!
@zem: do it, and then freak out when you show up on monday evening and it's not there!
@doc: huzzah! glad you like it!
maybe i should run out to the house when it gets there without telling my family and just run in, grab it, and disappear.
@doc, huzzah! which flavours did you get?
for what its worth, any corps members coming to canada are more than welcome to stay at my place, just saying... ;)
sauce has landed! i tasted it and it's delicious..... just need to use it with food now
i should go up and see my fellow ice men. i'll go up in winter. well, i don't want to drive in that, so i'll go up in fall, hibernate until january, and then come see you guys. then hibernate until spring.
either that or totally hammered the whole time! lol! ;)  i'm sure we can come up with a vertiable plethora of hot alchy bevies!
@geist: i think your visit would be very long...you would be frozen in place. :p
lol, you didn't think i'd visit canada and not see you guys. what other reason would i have to brave the freezing sub tempetures of your area. (i hope like hell you have a version of the hot toddy that you drink or else my visit will be very brief indeed)
i tell you what geist, if you come up here, you must come to calgary, or gm and i will both be sad, and you don't want two pathetic canadians on your hands, trust me! i will make you a maple glazed, ceder planked salmon.  there is no better way to make salmon in the world, trust me on this.  its not maple on a stick, nor poutine (i could probably be convinced to hook you up with one though...) but it is pretty damn amazing!
@geist, lol!  well good news for you is you can get both of those things in quebec.  the bad news is, maple only in the winter, oh, and of course quebec... ;)
the second thing i will be eating when i visit canada is poutine. the first is this maple on a stick thingy that bakahn mentioned.
https://i.imgur.com/nuyttbnh.jpg
this one from the states! http://www.foodbeast.com/news/craving-poutine-pizza/
@zem, its a thing!  you can actually get that already!
someone make me some poutine pizza!
i think we need to save america from poutine, they have enough problems... ;)  dammit! now even though i'm full of delicious pizza, i want a poutine!  waaah!
@geist: ketchup is gross on 99.9999~% of things. @lz: it's delicious. you can't have just any cheese, you need real cheese curds. and the gravy, well, you can use almost any type of gravy you want really to give it a different flavour. but i prefer a nice beef gravy(like what you would get making it with the drippings from a roast).
ketchup on fries. the end.
i've never had poutine. i feel like i'm missing out.
@bakhan: i don't think i have. i ended up going to a&w and getting a teen burger...with a poutine...for lunch. was damned good...but i'm still hungry.
lz, i know you've shared your pizza-making process on here before, but i was hoping it was on the kitty chow section of the litter box (that sounds really weird if you have no clue) so i could post the link to it. i think i'm the only one who still uses it. *ahemhalloweenahem* i've had it open constantly since it was created.
*gets back* i knew the professor and tas were gone wednesday to some conference, but i had no idea it was today also, so there was no class. oh well, 20 minutes wasted, 50 for free. time for lunch. i'll get the pizza tonight and give you all a play-by-play of how good it tastes. ` geist, i had one somewhere too, i think in new orleans, and it was surprisingly amazing! i was pleasantly surprised at how nicely seafood went with pizza.
i want a seafood pizza. i had one in september at a hotel and it was so good. i've yet to see it served in any of the other pizza restaurants.
i make better pizza than all the pizza places around here.
no! no more pizza talk! *slams laptop shut and rushes off to last class of the week* ` ` ` *really wants some pizza*
all this pizza talk right before thanksgiving is making me super hungry. now i want a deep dish pie from pizzeria unos
mmmmm good pizza is good! ever bhad 4th st pizza gm?
muhuahahahahaha!!! you've fallen right into my trap! my google/illuminati minions have taken over the world! dang it, i really want some good pizza today! specifically how the gas station in my town makes it, so i might really drive all the way out there just to pick up a pizza and cheese sticks and bring it back here today. not even kidding!
@zem: the add before the video was for pizza...you suck!
it's just "food glorious food".
@zem, i'll have to check that later, no youtube at work... t_t
bakhan, https://www.youtube.com/watch…
thanks, geist
@zem, pizza 73 or america, the former wouldn't be an issue, the latter, well thats why i fast before i go!  too much good stuff, everywhere!
@lz: i just sent you the funds for the sauce. sorry for the delay. send it whenever. i'm in no rush.
lz, death discs are the best! cheap, good-ish, and almost enough food. i don't remember why my dad came up with "death discs" (might have had something to do with tombstone pizzas) in college, but i use that term almost exclusively anymore.
lol, that sounds awful. we do have lay's
lays started here, bakhan, and are my favorite chips. of course they're in america of all places. so when you're fasting this time, whenever you want to eat something, just go there with friends.
so, it's a pizza restaurant that is worse than the 70 cent frozen pizzas?
@zem, do you guys have lay's brand chips down there?  they're slogan is bet you can't eat just one.  pizza 73's slogan would be i bet you can't finish even one... seriously, even when hungry, i'll pass.  if it was a movie, it would be so bad that even keanu reeves wouldn't be in it.  if it was a car, it would be so bad you'd rather walk.  if it was a fire extinguisher, you would rather let your house burn.  you get my drift... ;)
@zem: no, he's right. the pizza was crap. not even edible unless you are a kid that doesn't know better.
pssh! next you'll say you found undrinkable coffee and inedible bacon!!! you crazy person, you!
@lz, its a really shitty pizza chain here in calgary, i'm not sure if anyone else is subjected to this substandard pizza.  the normal rule that even bad pizza is pretty good, does not apply here!
@gm: lucky you. i'm still digging my way out of the fuster cluck that i created two days ago.
*perk* did someone say pizza? now i'm hungry.
i had to look it up because i've never (apparently thankfully) experienced it either.
i never got ice cream cups with my pizza! now my childhood is jealous of y'all's childhoods. also, what the nuts is pizza 73?
@zem, thanks man, i'm sure i can do it!  it seems even more important now knowing there may be a major surgery in my future.
@owen, is pizza 73 even pizza?  people allergic to gluten can eat the crust, people allergic to tomatoe can eat the sauce, etc... i remember the huge disappointment that came with my first (and last) pizza 73 experience.  *shudders* almost like the crying game, that wasn't pizza! i need a shower... ;)
those old ice cream cups! i loved those and hated them at the same time, but they were part of the iconity of pizza day.
pizza sounds amazing! i had a cold piece for breakfast, in fact, but now i want more! good luck on making your weight loss goal this year, bakhan. as the announcer in ridge racer 64 always said, "it's your last lap; make it your best!"
yes, the good ol' pizza 73 pizza day. with the ice cream cups(i always got two because my best friend was lactose intolerant, and he gave me his...sometimes i would get three if my other friend didn't want hers).
@gm, it may be a left over from elementry school... i always remember how excited we were for that crappy cold and rubbery piece of heaven! lol! ;)
@bakhan: because, free food is awesome. that's why you're so excited for it.
@geist, i will do for sure. thanks! :)
@gm, huzzah!  my silver lining today is we have pizza day!  dumb to get excited about free pizza, but hey, i'll take it!  a good end to eating, as i start another juice fast on monday!
morning kittens. it's friday...and almost nothing on my plate. my boss is also off today, so i can slip out a bit early. :d
sorry i'm posting so late. it was busy yesterday and i had to leave the split second the day was done. i'll keep you in my prayers bakhan. keep us informed when you hear back from the specialist.
yarr, good morning. happy friday everyone!
thanks again guys!  i've got a better hold of it today.  i'm trying not to worry too much until i see the specialist and see what they have to say.  no point in getting all wound up for (please god) nothing. congrats doc!  not only is that a great bonus in time from christmas, but it must be personally special to know that you are offically bad ass!
that's crazy, doc, great job! definitely worth a cold 2 mile run for that much money and consequently hot sauce! trinkets, yes. that's obviously what i meant. who cares about the beach boys when you've got the legendary marky mark! you know, his rapping days were his best by far.
for the 2 mile run that is....
lol was super cold ...lots of wind
seriously, congrats!!
i smell a lot of kickstarted hot sauce in doc's future!!
ooh almost forgot i passed the apft (army physical fitness test) today which officials qualifies me for my 12 thousand  dollar bonus which i should get around the end of the month!
nice.  hopefully they advised to take the nsfw deck seriously, to avoid younger kids getting adult oriented material.
so ek got a little shout out as one of the toys to get for your kids this season on chicago's fox 32. http://www.fox32chicago.com/news/local/51049485-story it's the last toy mentioned in the piece.
if you're going to do it zem, do it right. https://youtu.be/ao9909uexu8
sendin you some https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@bakhan  sorry to hear that man  sending you good vibes as well!
@gm, agreed. i'm guilty of venting.
yeah, not a single person has never talked about a situation they're in on here. which is probably good, to be honest. besides, we all care enough for eachother (random strangers whose only common interests are kittens and high explosives) even to the point of supporting kickstarters and meeting in real life on occasion.
@trinkets: not like the rest of us don't vent here as it. we're all here for each other.
sending you some big love and healing vibes, bakhan.  if you ever need to vent, we're all totally here for you.
aaw, just looked and found out the puzzle box thingy i got won't ship for some time now, which makes sense because i was one of the last preorders like a day or two before they started selling them for real. it says ships early december, but that's for the actual sales since stuff is back-ordered now, so i might get mine just after thanksgiving hopefully. and here i was so eager to get it now. i guess with my experience i should know the best things take a little extra time to get to you, but they're worth it when they do.
well if gm's bad day can go to geist, i'll send you some of my good health. to be fair, i'm not the healthiest person here, but i'll give you what i got. if you suddenly get taller and fatter, that'd be my transfer working its magic.
@bakhan: oh, i'm not worried. i just personally think taking care of your health is definitely more important though. just let me know what works best for you. off the top of my head, i don't have any plans this weekend, but i'm not sure what's on the calendar at home.
thanks guys.  normally i can take things in stride, but for some reason its really hitting me hard today.
@gm, i'm not using this as an excuse for the hot sauce, thats just a timing/scheduling thing.  i will try to work something out with you this weekend.
i'm sorry to hear that, bakhan. i'm sending all the good vibes i can your way. we're here for you
you've got us, modern medicine, and that legendary canadian health care on your side.
@bakhan: you look after you first. the sauce, and everything else, can definitely wait. health is more important. hopefully it's something that won't be keeping you down. remember, the corp is always here for each other.
guys i won't lie.  i've been struggling.  i got some really bad news two weeks ago, that has recently gotten worse.  i found out i have a 2cm hole in my heart between the right and left atrium.  that freaked me out, i mean, its not that rare to have a hole there, just the size of it.  i just recently found out it that will probably require open heart surgery to fix.  i won't know for sure until i meet with the specialist on dec. 16th.  the not knowing part is the worst.  to make matters worse i don't really have anyone to talk about it with, which i suppose is why i'm posting it here.  my wife sadly, isn't a great sounding board for things like this, as when i get depressed, she does too.  which means i can't show any kind of weakness, no matter how f'd up i feel.
i just have to go to the bathroom and take a nap and i'll be good as new. but i don't feel like a nap today, as much as i need one. i'm not as tired as yesterday, but today it's affecting my speech and balance, so it'd be nice to not be tired. next week... i told my family not to open the sauce this weekend until i get there monday, and when i saw my brother today i told him if he does i'll beat him up and pour some in his eyes. it probably won't work, but hey, i tried.
that's exactly what i've got going on
getting sick sucks, especially when it's a head cold that makes it almost impossible to concentrate.
after tomorrow, i only have to be here monday and then i can go home for thanksgiving. that'll be so nice.
@geist: soon...
gm, talk to bakhan about that
snow?! you're so lucky! we had a flurry, the kind that melts on contact, but that's it. i really wish we got some snow. maybe over thanksgiving. *crosses every finger*
...is today over yet? a better question would be, is the week over with?
also...do you know what this hamburger soup could use? some hot sauce. >.>
...is today over yet? i'm having a hard time staying awake, and i even went to bed early last night.
i've got a pretty bad case of medicine head going on...
morning kittens!  as you can tell by how late i'm checking in, it has not been a great start to my day thus far.  hoping as the day goes on, things improve!  (see thats me attempting to be positive, i'll probably fail, but, you know, fake it till you make it... ;))
ice and the wind. i can deal with everything else.
ice is the worst part of winter
ugh. dreaded ice.
we've had snow here in calgary since tuesday night(and my mom laughed at me when i got my winter boots out!). now almost everything is ice rather than snow.
good morning gm. first forcast for snow friday here in wisconsin. 3-6"
definitely can't type today...third try to type one password and i finally got it right...and it's a password i type 2-3 times a day.
morning kittens. apparently i can't type today. put the wrong words in the wrong sentences, and having to retype multiple words in(put ion three times here!) a sentence.
good morning zem.  good morning pot. goodbye pot.
and.....  i'm out.
good morning all.  busy day ahead, thought i'd stop in and see how everyone is.
hi, creeper! bye creeper! math day, yay! basically high schoolers come to the university and have like a state math bowl competition. good memories. and i'll get to see my little brother and old math teacher, maybe some other friends.
creeper!! good morning all.
hiya kittens- just stopping in.  going to sleep now.  recieved another kickstarter toy.  spherificator!  huzzah!!!  so much fun.  bake all the things.
i'll be chief hot sauce... connoisseur? sure, that. cec: chief executive connoisseur.
well when lz becomes a super rich hot sauce producer he can offer us all jobs and we can all just move ..... on second thought ... we would never get anything done.... bad idea..... .....but still yes.....
oops. i made it sound like he has z:bp. he, of course, doesn't have it yet. and if you think that's going to be fun to paint, the conan by monolith games has something like 350+ figures and terrain/accessories to paint. i may have to take a month off of work for that one, lol.
buddy of mine has gotten a few games on here. cthulhu wars, rum and bones, blood rage, and quite a few that should be showing up soon or just ended.  he also got zombicide-black-plague. cthulhu wars is fun. rum and bones was also fun. blood rage is a blast. the minis are insane. some of the best i've seen. and game play is refreshingly fast, brutal,  and very strategic.
i can't wait to get z:bp! it will be so much fun to paint those zombies!
doc, yes!
lz we need to get together and play some z:bp .... when we get it that is....
i've done this game and 3 movies. the movies that succeeded were super troopers 2 on indiegogo and the ginosaji movie on kickstarter. and a livestream and a youtube channel on patreon.
everything i've backed has been a game. or dice so that i could troll hubey
most of my backs have been games
i've only done 4 here (1 restarted because people were still hearing about them for the first time and didn't fund but did for the reboot) 2 on indiegogo (1 didn't fund), and 2 patreons. i might support the new mst3k one kickstarter, though. i hope it's like the old show though.
yah i'm up to like 17 projects now.... only 2 did not fund.....
i've backed a few. most recently, it was the others: the 7 sins.
so, has anyone backed any other projects lately? i have backed 2 more games and went in with a buddy on a third. all were successfully funded. crimson creek and templarmech inquisition are the ones i backed. my buddy backed bottom of the 9th and i had him add me a copy as well. (supposed to be getting bot9th  saturday)
zem, of course he wants hot sauce. how about which level of hotness does he want his hot sauce to be?
are you saying we can just tell you to ask him any random question at all? ask him if he wants hot sauce. we'll start out with an easy one.
no, but i have a question for matt
does anyone have any questions for elan?  i'm meeting him on friday for lunch.
or any of the last 3 updates have info on your situation .
krystal, read the last update.
isn't it just great when you schedule your day around something and it changes? the livestream i was going to watch was changed to 4 hours earlier and i had no idea. it would have been nice to know i couldn't have watched at least most of it.
did you read the last update?
woot!
i've been attempting to get in contact with someone about my missing reward for some time now and i still haven't had any responses from the kickstarter team. any idea on how i should proceed?
zem and doc, your sauces should be there on saturday. sorry, zem, it's going to your parents' house so you'll have to wait
uhh... uuhh... time for a nap! no more questions!!! http://giphy.com/gifs/pirates-of-the-caribbean-captain-jack-sparrow-abandon-thread-okxcb4gvhskjg http://i.imgur.com/g1gtw3v.gif
@zem: it's a front, isn't it? you're keeping the lab where the exploding kittens were first conceived hidden there! come on, tell us the truth!
@zem, they say it doesn't sound like an address... ;)
their stupid website is saying it's a non-deliverable address. i think i should just go to the post office
what's wrong with it? i've had tons of stuff sent there before.
zem, usps doesn't like the address hou sent me. doc, you're getting original inferno
lemon garlic is good for most asian dishes, same with a crap load of indian dishes. chicken as well. some beef dishes could benefit from it, then there is bison, pork...pretty much anything could use those flavours.
lz, it could go with other things, so a slightly less specific name could also work. though lemon garlic (if i remember that right) isn't the most widely used flavor. my mom loves making huge baked salmon dinners, though, so that's the perfect time to try it out. that's what i've always had in mind for that one, and will probably get the chance over christmas vacation.
what are you sending me?
my flavors are original inferno, original magma, mad cow, and i haven't quite decided on the last one yet. i'm thinking of calling it fiendish fish, but bakhan suggested sweet citrus sin.
trinkets, my brand name is brimstone
shortest recitation ever. including time to review the exam, it only took 15 minutes for my group to finish the 5 part conceptual physics problem. new record.
... no, jim wasn't there....
@geist.  sorry about the lag, i had to run out to the new house. no, kim wasn't there.  i think it was shortly after the break up. the society of real bearded santas are a group of older men with full, natural beards who live the role of santa year round, since i had to make a living as an actor i couldn't afford to let my beard go for more than about four months.  i also could not find a salon or cosmologist who was willing to dye my (mostly) brown beard white.  the reason given was that the chemicals are so harsh it would cause chemical burns on my face. that was also the first yea that santa, during breaks at the primary location at the front of the pier, would magically appear at the "winter wonderfest" near the back of the pier. which meant having two santas at the pier from 9 to 7 seven days a week.  the wonderfest is a convention hall decorated to the 9's with rides and games and an area with elves working to help kids email their christmas lists to santa's north pole workshop.  we entertainers referred to the hall as the room where christmas threw up.
@lz, what's the name if the hot sauce?
ahhh, how i have missed it. so much action on here, it's like the old days.
yeah, if my roommate and his friend go somewhere else when i get back, i'm taking a nap for sure.
lack of sleep can do that to you.
i think it's supposed to be sneaked
quick! take a drastic measure to change the subject! uh.. uhhh.... take this! http://9gag.com/gag/anbwmvz ` also, i hope i'm not high without my own consent because drugs and physics don't mix, so i'm going to have a hard time here soon. it's probably lack of sleep to be honest.
see, i think it's that weird too! the only explanation better than i suffer chronic jamais vu is that somehow language is natural and english isn't my natural language, which obviously makes no sense at all. except for that and how while i'm actually incredibly good with english spelling, vocabulary, and grammar i'm still terrible at speaking at times. you know what? i might be high. i'll have to ask the dining staff if they snuck something in there this morning. and how in the heck is snuck not a word according to kickstarter's word processor?!
i've always thought friend sounded kinda funny.
no judgement or anything. in fact, i'm reminded of towelie. "wanna get high?"
high on life. and low sleep. but i realized those years ago. lunch and apple just stuck with me. i think i lost the meaning of lunch when i was in kindergarten, actually. every once in awhile it still hits me that it's such a weird-sounding word. just think about it. how does a word that sounds like getting punched in the gut equate to eating at noontime?
but then again, i often think that after i read zem's comments... ;)
@lz, lolz! i was thinking the same thing!
are you high?
i just realized the word west is really strange. it just doesn't look right to me. i actually had to think for a minute if that was actually how it was spelled. normality is returning though. hate it when that happens, when a word loses meaning or looks strange. lunch is still one of the strangest words ever to me. apple also sounds weird when i think too much about it.
ok, that should work great, then! never been so happy for a delay in shipping because it somehow meant an earlier arrival.
i actually didn't get to the post office yesterday. i'm leaving work early today in order to get the sauce shipped. send me your parents' address and i'll ship it there.
what was the estimated time, lz? i can drive back in on tuesday to get it if needed, but the building shuts down after then and i wasn't forward thinking enough to realize it might run right up to the last day and give you the other address. it's really my own problem if it doesn't get here, i'm just over-eager.
i don't think it'll be that soon, but it is possible
all i want (right now) is the hot sauce coming very hopefully before next monday when i leave and the other thing i ordered online, basically a puzzle box, but there's so much more to it and it's amazing.
morning trinkets my love! pot is santa. did you know that? i'm writing out my christmas list right now. (he can build me an anatomically correct life sized john oliver doll, i'm sure)
top o' the mornin', trinkets!
oh my gosh you guys are busy today! one hour and all that happens! i don't like the hunger games series at all. i really don't, even though i got this shirt to make other people laugh: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/60/db/f8/60dbf8d4cb62f16b2f5752516ca38cb3.jpg ` the only places i know really value a real beard. it's easier, better looking, and saves money and time on a fake one that kids know is fake.
jugs......good snow.......ugh fire.....bad!! good morning all!
it's snowing!!!  kind of. it's snowing, but it's above freezing, so it just kind of snows while it's still in the air and then gets you a little wet and the ground just looks like rain. but that's always how the first snow happens.
they wouldn't let me grow out my beard, there were three if us as santa at the pier, and they want continuity on the look, so we all had the same beard and glue on mustache combination. i'm really surprised. i saw a news segment that showed guys who prepare to be santa all year including dying their natural beards white. (i think they had to go really bleach blond first) i thought the real beard would be a selling point. don't know why an organization would want every guy to look exactly the same. i think kids and handle a santa that look different mall to mall.
@pot: i'll pass on the jenny hugs. my jugs are bigger and natural anyway. ;-) question: was jim carrey there?
they wouldn't let me grow out my beard, there were three if us as santa at the pier, and they want continuity on the look, so we all had the same beard and glue on mustache combination.
best gig ever geist, honestly.  in 2010 they decided to go back to a rent-a-claus place and i didn't get hired.  worst christmas ever. the unconditional love of children (and on many occasions their very attractive mommies) is habit that is hard to break.  i worked with a mrs. claus and an elf at all times, a very comfortable and efficient set-up.  i still miss it.
@geist: i'm the same way, well, on the way to the stomach. and as for a beard...i definitely can't grow that. even my brother(who is 30 now) can't grow a full beard. it took my dad until he was almost 40 to grow a full beard.
a few years ago i was hired to be santa for jenny mccarthy's son.  that was an experience.  btw jenny mccarthy's hugs are absolutely worth the price of admission (and i got paid to get them)  : )
@pot: really! that must be so much fun. kiddies who come up to you and give you their request and you get to take a picture with them that will last forever. i'm jealous. i got the stomach but i can't seem to grow a beard. otherwise i'd try out for santa.
@bakhan: there have been lots of lost jobs with us. the majority of the staff here in the calgary office are safe, now. there were 4, maybe 5, people who were let go because they were (supposedly) redundant positions. we closed down three terminals in the states, and consolidated them into another that was close by(one of the closures added 3 hours driving, one way, to get to the site).
@pot, lol!  thats awesome!  great way to give back!  santa ftw!
@gm, with the state of affairs in the oil industry, its nice to see them doing things like this to boost morale.  two of my friends and my sister in law's husband lost their jobs last week. :(
@bakhan: it's one of the perks for working with a big oil company, they tend to do things like this. and considering how much time we spent at each others houses in high school...it kind of works out for me as being (one of) the unofficially adopted son(s).
geist, sweetie.  i am santa.  i was one of three premier santas in the city of chicago 2008/2009.  the three top santas are city of chicago santa at daley plaza, navy pier santa at navy pier, and macy's santa at macy's on state st. i was navy pier's santa.  great job, i recommend it highly.
@gm, thats awesome!  i can't wait to see that one!
good morning kittens!
howdy pot! santa told me last night that you are on the naughty list. you might want to leave more than cookies if you want santa to leave you a lump of coal.
hunger games: mocking jay part 2. it's technically not released until friday, but the company my friends mom works for got early showing, and if i'm not mistaken, then entire theater will be people from her work and their relatives/close friends.
what movie?
morning kittens! anyone else excited for the movie tonight? :d?!
good morning my corps.
i don't even have to be here tuesday, so i get an extra day off. i so can't wait!
morning corps! happy hump day and only 8 more days until thanksgiving. i'm so looking forward to the long weekend.
nights get so lonely here.
looking for the perfect hot sauce to go with chicken and waffles. i usually go with frank's or tabasco, either original or chipotle.
well i hope very much to be adding my name to the list of supporters of this sauce as soon as it shows up....hopefully before thanksgiving. .....
come see the bias inherent in the system! come see the bias inherent in the system! help, help, i'm being prejudiced!  "that's enough python for one day." -said no one ever.
oh, well of course i have. i didn't think what i had to say would count as much, considering the personal bias inherent in the system.
you've never had any, lz?
two people? i thought bakhan was the only one who's tried it so far
the seafood one was the brainchild of i think idle and i by complete accident, but it was a happy accident. like bob ross's birds. get some and try it before the kickstarter! i've only heard good things from the two people on here who have even tried it.
i have four recipes and three flavors right now. one of the flavors has two levels of heat, hence the extra recipe. that one's a general-use sauce. i also have a hot barbecue sauce and one designed for fish.
yeah, it's been a while. too much life going on. nothing bad, just too much stuff.
no zem. a flask of whatever booze my phone is drinking today.
forgot how long it's been since you've been here, trinkets! that's been a pretty big deal now, but he should probably explain everything for himself. a flask of hot sauce?
*hot sorry, i thought i cut my phone off earlier. must have a flask hidden somewhere.
booyah. i'm in. what kind of got sauce are we talking about?
yes, i'm working on gathering info so i can put together a kickstarter campaign for my hot sauce.
geist- yes, yes, yes, and cherry, hickory,  and cedar. tractor does low to mid 20 mph. probably could run over a fiero or a chevy corvair, but most likely would tip over before getting all the way over. and i'm intrigued. ........sauce?
zip-a dee doo dah!!!
yay! sauce! !
huzzah!
wonderful!
woohoo! i have shipping info!
@bakhan: i totally agree. my favorite movie is "the meaning of life". i remember when i saw it in theaters many moons ago. on my pile of regrets is not getting to see them live.
it wouldn't be the same without 70s. have you seen the rutles? it was done by idle when he worked on another show after pythone and is one of the two funniest things i've seen all year, the other being an entire cartoon series. i have no idea why it isn't incredibly famous.
in reference to the holy grail, john cleese's answer when asked if they'd do it all over again? "well, there wouldn't be a point would there, i mean, its already been done!" there will never be another group of comedians that so changed the world...
*sigh* monty python. i'd almost wish they do one more movie together it wouldn't be the same without graham chapman.
yeah, cut to the good part!  or should i say chopped... ;)
skipped a bit there.
i chop down trees, i wear high heels, suspenders and a bra! i wish i'd been a girly, just like my dear papa!
thanks, lz! i really can't wait! between getting that soon, the other thing i ordered online and can't wait for and should arrive today or tomorrow, the impending thanksgiving holiday vacation and the like, i'm psyched up for this coming weekend and next week!
did someone call for the lumberjack song?! i'm a lumberjack and i'm ok! i sleep all night. i work all day...
a couple of years ago a friend of mine moved to the sticks and got a small yard tractor.  my buddy and i were laughing at him about it.  who would ever want a tractor?  well, when we finally got out there for a visit, we were constantly competing to see who could drive it!  it was a blast!  i wish my wife would move to and acreage... no such luck there, she is through and through a city girl!
http://imgur.com/cq8r7rd that is a big tractor. how fast does that thing go? can you run over cars with it? (not that i would ever do such a thing)
@geist, nope, no lumberjack song, but we could have, you know, just saying... ;)
@trinkets: really? what kinds of wood do ya got? maple? pine? oak? i have a few craft books on how to build your own outdoor tables and chairs. when i finish school i will get around to actually doing it.
@trinkets, lol, the big 40 is so last year.... ;)
*around damn drunk phone at it again.
http://imgur.com/cq8r7rd here i am driving my red sleigh aroung, lol.
and definitely not young. i turn the big 4-0 next year.
@geist, lol. i do manage a lumber yard, but the only thing smooth about me is my dance moves :-p
zem, i'll see if i can get that today. then it should be there by thanksgiving
speaking of halloween... *ahem* ;) ` lz, if you're around today, any estimates on shipping prices? because if it's not that much more, i may pay extra for the next fastest option above the default to ensure the operation fire in your hole care package arrives before thanksgiving if that goal is iffy. i'd like to have my whole family's opinions, and we're mostly all avid spicy-food lovers, so it's a good opportunity.
@bakhan: did he sing the monty python lumberjack song? he should have.
@geist, thats actually what gm looked like on halloween!
i always thought of trinkets and a smooth faced young lumberjack. (jk)
@bakhan: the work cooties that i got from gm. he wouldn't take them back and the voodoo doll didn't work so now i'm being run ragged with a bunch of fires that i've got to fix. i might go for a drink after work.
howdy, gm!! geist,  i was told i had to trim the beard last week,  so it's not santa claus-eque anymore. but when i go full grey and let it grow long again, yes very santa claus.
@geist, sorry you are having rough times, not sure why you need to blame canada though... ;)
i give up. the work cooties are even worse today. you win canada.
@gm: that is what a bathroom break and a flask are for.
i agree geist. wish i had some bailey's to add to this...but unfortunately, i would probably lose my job. t.t
coffee without booze is a waste.
trinkets! how the heck have you been dude? wait, you have a full beard? like santa claus?
you know it's going to be one of those days when your coffee tastes watered down.
morning kittens. who is this stranger in our midst? :p
and good morning zem.
geist!!!!!! good morning.
bakhan!!!!! good morning.
good morning kittens! trinkets!!!
awww. i missed trinkets.
good morning everyone. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
good night everyone.
good night gang
i know it sounds like a long process and if shaving took that long with other razors i would not like it... but for some reason it's a calming time for me.... i guess a blade sharp enough to cut a single hair dropped on it sitting on my throat just relaxes me xd ( the hair teat is how i check to.see if my blade is sharp .....take a single hair hold it just above the blade and let it fall through the cutting edge of the razor.... if it cuts without having to do anything then it's sharp enough to shave with lol)
3? get with the times! i already have a day and a half on fallout 4 and my roommate beat it and is going back through on a charisma/luck run. i take my time and probably won't finish it until about 150 hours.
buddy of mine just got a ps4. borrowing his ps3. played the crap out diablo 3. then played even more skyrim. now i just started fallout 3.
doing good zem. how's everyone else doing?
i do it in the evening. there's more time then.
yeah, but that whole process every morning or two? seems like alot of time. i'm already forced by genetics to take incredibly meticulous care of my teeth and eyes (my darn mom and her incredibly crooked teeth and practically legally blind eyes), and just that alone can take up to 15 minutes a day, morning and night inclusive.
the bowl was a gift from my.mom...it's got little dots in it to help get air into the lather quicker...works great vander hagen is actually a decent soap....i use maggard orange menthol atm love the smell and is a fantastic lather
hola, trinkets! how've you been? and i'd have a full beard if i could. maybe if i have several months of no human contact in a couple years i will. both of my older brothers do. and motorcycles.
trinkets!!!
boom! howdy all, it's been a while. glad to see the 'corps are still at it. and to throw my 2 cents into it.......full beard. no shaving required.
zem, it feels so good, though! oh, and i didn't bother with an expensive shaving bowl. i found a ceramic bowl at wal-mart for $0.89 that was perfect, so that's what i use.
this is my favorite razor, because the expendables. http://s295.photobucket.com/user/horizonod/media/expend-ceasar2.jpg.html i dunno, that just sounds like alot of work compared to just "1) shower b) shave while showering".
i couldn't see the pic, doc. :-( i'll have a look when i get home. badger hair is the way to go. i currently use van der hagen soap and proraso sandalwood creme, with the shea butter, of course
ok so since we are sharing .... shower first...... soak badger hair brush in hot water while soaking strop blade on leather strop about 40 passes squease water out of brush...about 80% of it out a few drops of hot water in bowl swirl brush in soap ( it's a soft soap so loads into brush easy) whip a lather in bowl apply lather to face ....apply thick 3 pass shave. with/acros/against the grain reapplying lather as needed use after shave strop blade agin about 40 passes oil blade put away....xd
night night kittens. time for my long shelp home. see ya in the morning!
and yes that is a custom made brush and bowl.....
ok so dry shaving with a straight is just asking to cut your face up..... this is my current set up http://i356.photobucket.com/albums/oo10/dr0obie/mobile%20uploads/2015-10/20151005_202231.jpg i have a few other razors but this is my current favorite
that slowing down thing sounds like a great idea, though it'll really only exclude anyone with a criminal background.
i have sensitive face skin, so my preferred way is to shower, then immediately use what i call an ultra lather on my face. a super lather is when you use shaving soap in conjunction with shaving cream (not the junk you get in a can). i do that plus a little bit of shea butter. it feels great. i first go with the grain, then across the grain or against it, depending on where i'm shaving. it sounds like a lot of product that i use, but i think each shave ends up costing me 10 or 15 cents.
@gm: looks like some law makers are saying the same thing. http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/16/world/paris-attacks-syrian-refugees-backlash/index.html
@bakhan: i think you can do that. i know that it works on the smaller hairs on your face but men's facial hairs are much thicker so i'm not sure how well it would work. i know kim kardashain had her baby hairs lasered off.
@bakhan: did you hear? the saskatchewan premier is asking trudeau to slow down, and delay the bringing over of refugees until proper checks are done.
@geist, is that even a thing? ;)  even though i will never grow a beard, etc., i have no desire to permanently disable my face from growing it.  its almost like getting a vasectomy! we don't have many things as men, and that is definitely one of them!
geist and gm, i shave while showering. so much easier. and you can start against the grain. but if you're dry shaving, definitely go with before, across sideways if it's that long. it's quicker, that's the only reason i ever do it anymore. i save alot of money and time and effort on shaving cream for practically as good and smooth a shave, for all intents and purposes, whatever that means for shaving.
what about laser removal? then the hair never grows back.
i normally just get out of the shower, dripping wet, and shave right away. don't even towel off. very rarely do i need to dip my face in water again until after i'm done.
i like shaving cream, i like having a nice smooth, moisturized face.  dry shaving = razor burn.  all faces and facial hair are not created the same.  dry shaving for me is pain for days!
why not just wash your whiskers first? hair absorbs water and once they are pliant, you can shave without using a cream and what not. it's how i shave my pits and i don't have razor burn to deal with.
@zem: with the grain first, then against. so much easier, and less irritation. unless people are pounding on the door because you haven't shaved in almost a week...
yeah i'd rather have to dry shave with a straight razor than wax my face. ` lz, if you're careful, there's no burn or cutting at all. i guess i just know how to do it right. here's a tip; don't not shave for several days and then try to go directly against the grain. you'll be sorry. i learned my lesson.
@lz: the reason why i'm never getting a brazilian.
o.o that makes my face hurt just thinking about it.
re: shaving how about waxing your stubble off? *crickets*
@zem re: dry shaving two words, bro: razor burn!
lol@bakhan! i'd be happy to take it while he isn't looking. i'll need an accomplice though. *gives gm the side eye*
@geist, my father in law has one he refuses to part with, but if you were to steal it my mother in law would be quite thankful!
like this one. http://homebars.barinacraft.com/post/32666606235/old-tv-conversions-to-home-bars
personally, i'm looking for the old tube tvs. the kind i use to watch back when i was a kid. a 60's or early 70's model. i have the instructions on how to turn it into a bar.
@gm: in response to the thing about goodwill: they can only take stuff that other people will be willing to buy. other than crafters like myself who can take an old tv and re-purpose it, who wants to buy a tube tv? it would sit gathering dust and taking up space.
bakhan, i think i'd like to experience it for just one winter someday. or month. more likely a month. even i'm not that crazy! ` gm, i know, right?! if i want a nearly free tv, i'll get the best i can for the small price i can pay, and if that's an old tube tv, i'd be good. well, i may be biased. until i was about 6 or 7 we had my dad's tv from college (those kind lasted forever!), so i'm still used to and okay with it.
it reminds me of places like good will, and other thrift store type places. they refuse to take any tube tv, because everyone wants flat screens now. seriously? you want a cheap, almost free tv, and you are turning down a tube tv because it's not flat screen...get over yourself and accept what people are donating rather than blowing up because there is nothing better to do with it.
@zem, for real, people freeze to death up there every winter.  it gets for real cold!  like leave your vehicle running or it will freeze solid cold.
bakhan, if they need the help, they'll take the nwt. otherwise they're being beggars and choosers, which not all of them are, but quite a few are trying. i'll move up there too because i love cold and need some sense frozen into me.
as for shaving, i just use shaver, which is what i call whatever i use to shave. i don't care much. i could see myself straight-razoring, though it'd take some getting used to, that whole "you could cut your neck at any minute" feeling. though i got used to sleeping in a bunk bed as tall as i am with no sides this year, which is worse. the thing i don't understand, though, is people's disgust for dry shaving. can someone explain that? it's great if you have no time and just need to look presentable.
@zem, exactly if i heard correctly the states was looking at taking in 10 000, and you have 10x the population we do!  imagine california saying, we'll take 25000!  it would be ludicrous right?  same deal here.  unless they want to populate the nwt (north west territories), forget about it!
25000?! jeez, no country needs that. i know they needed to leave home, but if they're crossing the entire continent or an entire ocean to safety, then it's a strategic move to get to a specific country and its economy, not just for safety. that's what i don't understand about them. ` geist, funnily enough, trump might not be the worst president in history, though he's not the "hero" gotham needs right now. i personally hope neither he nor clinton, the top two candidates, makes it to the final round. though if it were clinton vs. bush, that'd be hilarious! carson vs sanders would be a good one to vote on though. honestly, the only effect trump would have on the votes is scaring more people to the democratic side of the election, making the democratic candidate much more likely to win.
i've got a wicked steady hand, and i still don't trust myself to use a straight razor... they just look scary! ;)
@doc, they scare me. i use a double edge safety razor. i find it gives a better shave than modern cartridges, and costs a whole lot less. we're talking about 10 cents per blade.
@lz yah they give the best shave .... it's much easier than you would think as long as you have a good sharp blade
@lz: you are correct. i don't see how we could tell who wants to harm us and who doesn't. unless we put them in an encampment. (i'm not saying that we should do that, i'm saying that i don't see what other way the us would be able to keep track of so many people)
the pm also stated that he is bringing over those 25,000 before the end of the year. so, they need to do clearance checks on ~550 a day(as of yesterday). but even then, never know what someone is truly thinking/planning.
the problem with any vetting process is that we can't do it telepathically, which is what it would take. an interview wouldn't work so well because lying is a thing that exists.
btw, if trump becomes president of the us, i'm moving to canada. i'm only half joking.
hmmmm brined refugees! aaaaahhhhhgggghhggghggg!
@bakhan: better than what the us is doing. we haven't bought any of the refugees over at all. i know that the president mentioned helping out but only after they set up a rigorous vetting process. good luck on that. sounds like setting up that kind of program would take years.
that should be bringing...not brining i was wondering if you were turning into a cannibal for a quick second. ;-)
@gm, you're damn straight!  and if his father was still alive, they could have him too!  i can see no way that we should be letting in 25000 refugees when we can't even fill our food banks already!  there are a lot of people in a hard way, no job, can't get help, etc., already we hardly need to see what happens if we add 25000 people to that list!  not only that, but are they even going to have any kind of security screening?  the thing that scares me the most is how many terrorists will be sneaking in with those that are actually in need.  if even one gets in and makes his way down to the states, look out!  we just don't need this sh*t!  i recognize a need to help these poor people, but how about we do it, in their country?  canada is well known for humanitarian aid, lets go that route... we don't need a 9/11 or paris style attack here.  we are not as prepared as either of those countries!
that should be bringing...not brining.
@geist: you can have him all you want. personally, the money being used to bring over the refugees could be used to help those in need already here. i'm not against helping the refugees, but brining more people in that will be putting even more strain on the already stretched aid groups. hell, with the amount of jobs being lost, and people looking for work, that's going to make it just that much harder to find jobs for people.
ohhhhhhh. that would explain canada's plan to send randy quaid back to the us. you can keep him but please send us your new pm. the women down here are swooning over him. (he isn't my cup of tea but my taste run different then most)
@geist, oh i'm sure the americans that get busted up here serve their time and then are swiftly escorted back to the states, thats how we do up here anyways.  i was more refering to canadians.
@bakhan: wait, what? so those americans can't ever come back home? that doesn't sound right. if they served their time in jail or whatever, they should be allowed to come back to the home of their birth. i wonder if  this applies to americans that are in other countries.
well the only good thing that came of them being her tenants (laws in the us are incredibly weighted to tenants and they can get away with nearly anything if they're clever) was being able to sell those. that was probably one of the nicer things to clean up after them.
@zem, that is just crazy!  i don't know if its the same down there, but a house that used to contain a grow op is condemeded immediately.  there are typically a lot of issues, with mold, electrical, etc.  as far as the lighting went, if it was just a closet, would have been a couple hundred max.
@geist, sort of.  as far as the laws go, you will most likely not go to jail on your first or second offence, but the lawyer fees go up each time.  also good luck ever getting into the states if you've got a drug conviction.  i know quite a few people (good people) that were busted and now are forever banned from the us, which for a canadian is a big deal.  most of the "best" product is grow hydroponically, it is faster, less chance of deseases, and in a sterile environment, almost no chance of critters getting at them either.
bakhan, that farmer i mentioned is also a landlady, and she once had tenants who, among an hours' worth of conversation to get just a taste of how really bad they were and why they should have been shot including things you could never even think of, after they moved out suddenly and without warning after a year or two, she found in a closet several marijuana plants in soil. on wooden floors. the floor was just about to give out because of water damage. and not to mention the uv lighting equipment for the plants that was worth hundreds if not thousands of dollars. and the smell. so yeah, some people grow it not just in soil, but in soil in closets as well!
@bakhan: i have no clue. i don't know how pot is grown. i thought the laws about pot were looser there.
woo, physics. where the exams have 4 multi-part questions and you don't get partial credit, so if you mess up an earlier step, you're done for. there goes up to 25% of your grade. can't wait. well, that's good because i only have 40 minutes to wait.
@geist, wrong side of the country... ;) also wrong media, does anyone grow pot in soil anymore?
canada has richer soil? who woulda thunk it. must be the reason why the pot is nicer there? ;-)
@zem, yep they grow maple trees there too... although the product is no where even close to the quality up here, but hey, you know... ;)  its all about the soil bro!
bakhan, i know a maple farmer in vermont, so i could just go there.
it could also be molasses
well you won't have that anymore once i take all of the maple trees. *goes back to drafting up tree stealing plans*
@geist, more like taffy.  trust me, its probably the best maple flavoured treat you can have.  you will need to go to quebec to get it though... so there's that. ;)
@gm: i was trying to think of the sticky unsweetened stuff that is clear and in a bottle and i finally figured it out. it's karo syrup. you mounties can have that on your pancakes!
wrapped around a stick? you mean like cotton candy?
@gm, lolz! i was going to say the same thing!
@geist, well maybe... ;)  the maple syrup is very good, but the maple sugar is even better! just saying...  maple syrup, fresh from the reducing kettle, splashed on the snow and then wrapped around a stick... oh man i wish i could get some of that goodness now!
...unsweetened sugar water...is such a thing possible? o.o
doc, you use straight razors? that intense
@bakhan: lies! prepare to have your national maple leaf changed to a weeping willow when you go to pour some sweet goodness on your waffles and the only thing that come out of the bottle is unsweetened sugar water!
@geist, don't believe the hype, aunt jemima with the "butter" flavouring, thats the good stuff.  that other stuff doesn't even have brand names you'd recognize.... its yucky, i hear it comes out of trees! who'd ever go for that! ;)  bacon is good anytime, and on pretty much anything... oh bacon is there anything you can't do! hell it can even give you cancer (apparently), so you know its bad ass!
https://images-mm.s3.amazonaws.com/simpsons_bacon_blue_shirt_pop.jpg
aunt jemima is nothing but corn syrup. tasty corn syrup but not the real thing. now i have a taste for some pancakes. with bacon. mmmmmm.
@geist, good call, get the aunt jemima stuff (its the best!) and just ignore all those generic looking glass bottles (yuck!).  ;)
looks like my voodoo doll didn't work so in order to make gm take his work cooties back, i'm planning on stealing all of the maple syrup in canada, despicable me style.
morning bakhan!
good morning kittens!
@lz get me a price on shipping ... i'm waiting to send my straight razors in for a sharpening so i can get your sauce xd i want your sauce that much lol (no-homo)
@geist he is doing great thanks for asking!  sorry missed your comment earlyer....
hello geist, and this was a nice weekend except that my mom made me do work. i didn't come out here to do work.
@doc: how is the baby doing?
what a pleasant weekend. the weather wasn't freezing cold and i got some stuff done. pity that monday will be a poop storm.
weekends... more abandoned than post-apocalyptic earth.
i can't wait for some sauce!
huzzah! the hour is nigh! wait, i just realized that if they get here before thanksgiving that would be the best thing in the history of earth. huzzah for hot sauce!
no, i just got boxes for usps today. these boxes are supposed to be less expensive shipping than ups. when i know what it will cost to ship, i'll send emails to everyone who's waiting.
i'll be vewy quiet then.
shhhh. i'm hunting rabbits.
speaking of which, did you send the hot sauce tasters yet? you asked for my address then, so i thought you did, but don't worry if you did because it hasn't been very long yet since you would have, i just haven't asked yet because i think i'm starting to sound a little too over-interested recently about it.
it took me awhile to figure out what that was supposed to mean, but now that i see it, it actually sounds to me like the bad's part of the theme. you know how they all have a part of it, whistling for the good, that weird sound for the bad, and the screaming because ugly is ugly? the way you spelled it just sounds like it's more of the bad's theme. great movie.
do-ee-oo-ee-oo waah wah waaah
9 hours since the last one. just you and me now. *ominous whistling of wind*
the weekend, dude
9 hours? it was looking to be so fun in here with all the people turning up, but then it just dropped off.
hello creeper! all's well that ends well. how are you doing?
hi creeper!
heya kittens.  hope all is well!
ok, kittens. it's quitting time! be good, having fun and don't get caught. whatever you do.
you've likely forgotten that her 16 year old daughter was killed one day after they moved there nope. didn't forget it. how is she holding up?
actually, i don't think i heard that in the first place to forget it. wow, then.
the east and west trip were to railfan sites ... rode the trains there. iowa is for moral support to my former girlfriend and her family -- you've likely forgotten that her 16 year old daughter was killed one day after they moved there ...
really? that's  quite a bit of travel. what was going on that pulled you all around the country like that? and to iowa. nobody goes there! or at least nobody's proud of it. ;) never understood neighboring country/state rivalries, but they can be fun. and iowa really does suck from a nebraskan point of view.
if anyone else is doing genealogy, the 1940 u.s. census is now available free online .... i made a trip back and forth to cass, west virginia, one to chama, new mexico, and way too many to keokuk, iowa ...
lz, it is. spongebob has some incredibly adult scenes. did you look it up and see what the "doubloons" are? ;) ` hey, gcod! how have you been?! where have you been? ;) i love the animaniacs. and congratulations on being able to track that down! i know 150 year old records can be pretty hard to find, especially when somebody didn't want them to be found.
i've also been on the road a lot -- 10,000 miles in the last two months ...
crud, "mighty mouse" -- not muse ... my fingers are numb, i just dropped five saplings along my fenceline and bucked them into 12" lengths for the chiminea -- with a hatchet.  good practice for cutting up bodies, too.
and as far as birth year, 1961 here.  in fact, just the other day after years of research, i finally managed to find my paternal great-grandfather's civil war sevice record ... he was a man who didn't want to be found by his family after the war, and tracking him down was a real pain.
i have some animaniacs on dvd! that was a great cartoon
o.o is that a prison rape joke in a kids' cartoon?
just dropping by quickly to comment a bit, then off to other regions of the interwebs.  cartoons are the stuff of life, if done well. old warner brothers are great ... and remember the animaniacs?  before ren & stimpy, john kricfalusi had done parts of mighty muse reboot for cbs that were really subversive ... sigh.
my computer just caused me incalculable stress that makes me want to kill someone. thankfully, after 10 or more minutes with my food sitting there, a restart finally hopefully fixed it. looney toons may not still be on the air, but i love and loved watching them! some channels still have them and they're the classic cartoons that still work perfectly after all this time.  lz, i, as resident spongebab expert, will come to your aid. hmmm... "ooh, look, gary, doubloons! don't drop them!" *wink*
i've seen more than a few and it's ok. doesn't beat the old woody woodpecker or tom & jerry cartoons but it'll do in a pinch. i really enjoy the teen titan cartoons. those are funny.
oooh! i want to make a joke to add to this, but i have only seen something like five episodes of spongebob, so i'm coming up blank....
gary? you saying i look like a snail?! (well i do tend to meow every once an awhile)
gotcha. you know, with how my autocorrect has been behaving, i'd swear my phone has been hanging out with trinkets' phone. i wonder if i could get my phone to tell his phone to tell him to come back.
yes, that was ageist of me. i don't care. i am so grateful to have enjoyed a childhood filled with saturday morning cartoons. even if i were to have kids now, they wouldn't get that special pleasure unless i am playing a dvd of them on saturday morning.
i remember one i was about 14 years old, my uncle (who was 55 at the time) telling me that the road runner cartoon was the same one he watched when he was a kid. i had no idea that those cartoons dated back that far and yet they are as funny today as they were then. truly timeless pieces.
@lz, ;) i just heard that "alice" song, so i had to riff on it...
i meant geist. my autocorrect is starting its weekend early
gary, who the *bleep* is gary?
@gary: yes! i feel bad for kids these days that they don't get to grow up with looney toons. those were the best part of saturday morning!
geist, flaws in bugs bunny? i've never seen any!
@zem, love cartoons! your comparison does not work. seriously flawed logic there. 2011 was like yesterday to me. i have a hard time of thinking of things from the 90's as old... my opinion, however, is just that. as alister crowley would say, do as thou whilst shall be the whole of the law...
bring me the old bugs bunny cartoons. yes, with all of the flaws that were in them. i grew up with that and i'd still rather watch that than the pc version.
cartoons are great. i wish they'd bring back one of my all-time favorites: invader zim!
bakhan, it hasn't actually been marketed to little girls directly and exclusively since 2011 when they realized there's a more profitable market. so that means you have a problem with grown men watching any cartoons even though adults really make up a third of the demographic for most cartoons and the majority for others like anime and adult swim, which i watch more of. rick and morty and one punch man are the best!
yaay! group hug!
awww shucks! we need an internet group hug! except for zem ;), sorry dude, bronies make me uncomfortable.  grown ass men watching cartoons marketed for little girls, yep, nope thats not normal...
geist, i wasn't saying you are writing me off. you said "you think it's great to hear people write me off because of my age?" and i was saying it's unfortunate that anyone would do that to you because it doesn't make sense to do that to someone. i agree about the purpose of this board. i consider you all my friends, and i actually feel bad that we've had this misunderstanding. i don't think you've written me off in any way.
i actually don't have anything against bronies. it was a (failed) attempt at humor because it was getting too serious. i apologize to anyone i have offended.
i'm not sure why you would think my post are "writing you off". if i did that, i wouldn't respond to anything you posted. this comment board isn't really something i take seriously. it's purely fun and helps me get through a boring work week. plus i like that people who are scattered all over the globe have become friends. the power of the internet never ceases to amaze me.
really? i don't understand brony-bashing at all. i've never met the kind people talk about. mostly, we're just people who love cartoons. i loved saturday morning cartoons and watched them religiously, now that one is exactly like a 90s cartoon (except the 90s mlp). why don't people complain and make stereotypes about anyone older than 15 who watches any cartoon not made for adults? the majority of anime fans are over 20.
i see. i also didn't mean any offense. what i meant was that writing someone off because they're "too old" is a dumb thing to do. except when it comes to bronies ;-)
ageism is dumb i'll send the advertisers, fashion industry, companies and hollywood your post. maybe they will listen. (not really) in the meantime, my post was to be taken lightly. lot's of things rub me the wrong way but i ignore and move on. after all of the stuff i've posted here, if you haven't figured out that i'm joking, then you don't know me personally and are free to ignore what i write.
i think that kind of thinking is ridiculous. 20 somethings are frequently too inexperienced to have any real fun. also, people aren't really decrepit until at least their 80s anymore. ageism is dumb.
touche. you think it's great to hear people write me off because of my age? because only 20 and 30 somethings are allowed to enjoy life. it's almost like being in a society that believes in carousel.
well for me to be born in 1979, my mom would have to be pregnant in 78, when she was 14 and hadn't met my dad yet, so i'm kinda glad i wasn't born then, to be honest.
except, zem, there was apparently a rule that everyone was supposed to be born before 1980. i didn't get that memo; and it looks like you didn't, either, because we were both late by that metric.
i can never understand being late like that. i'm punctual; i came 3 and a half years before the new millennium like anybody who wants to be properly on time. heck, i was even born early!
2/3 of my employees are old enough to be my parents. the other two are only ten years older than me.
oh, dang! i don't know how i'm going to explain that to my kids. they weren't born until this century. one of them waited until this decade to be born...
the fact that i could spell that correctly means that i am old.
born in '84? i'm old enough to be your momma. *gets out the metamucil martini*
oh jeez, i'm sorry lz, no one was actually allowed to be born after 1979, the year my baby sister was born... ;) damn i'm getting old... t_t
i forgot to explain about the car. i'm a honda guy. i think they make excellent vehicles. the crx is a particularly good car, and it's a ton of fun to drive. the last one i had got just under 40 miles per gallon in the city, and it was an 87. the 84 my friend and i are restoring will be extra special because i was born in 84. we're doing a complete restore on it and rebuilding the engine (which we pulled from an 86) so it will essentially be a brand new car when we're done.
the only beer i could really say i love is innis & gunn, specifically the "limited edition".  which has 7.2% alc. and a delicious citris finish.  they have other ones that are nice as well, but i just don't often get in the mood to drink.  it used to get me in a lot of trouble when i was younger. ;)  wine, is a waste of good grape juice, which of course is also a waste of good grapes... ;)  i agree though, wine is great for cooking!  how can you even make gravy without it?  mmmmm... gravy!
really? i love beer. mostly pale ales and some stouts. i prefer to drink it during the warmer months and then switch to hot toddies and other liquors during the colder months. i could never get into wine. it just taste like sour grapes to me. unless you use it in cooking, then it taste great!
warm beer?! blech! i don't much care for beer at the best of times, let alone when its warm.  uhhhggg!  unless its stuffed inside of a chicken on the barbeque, then its actually pretty damn amazing!
@bakhan: well he is british so he might taste like warm beer and crisp. i've eaten uk crisp and they are tasty. was never served warm beer when i worked for them though so it should all be good.
geist, it's 35 here. debating weather or not to wear a jacket. i think i will to my first class, but it should be about 40 by my second one and 50 by my last class today. then: weekend and fallout 4! i never understood my brother's addiction to skyrim until now. this game is made by the same people and they just copy and pasted alot of the mechanics and gameplay. basically infinite hours of open world and missions and submissions everywhere.
if i can get a slice of john oliver, then i have no problem with that. @geist, i don't know, it might taste funny... ;)
morning corps. it's a mild friday morning (temps seem to be in the low 60's) and i was up late last night finishing reading the novel "next" by michael crichton. excellent read, a real page turner. and a scary blending of fact and fiction.
soylent is a real, actual food company now if i can get a slice of john oliver, then i have no problem with that.
good morning corps! (you know if i keep saying it, it may come true! fake it till you make it!)
but... but... soylent people are made out of people, they're people!!!
and now with even me gone for fallout 4 this place is going to be quiet at times.
*white, not green
bad business model, great marketing plan.
wait... seriously? yup, they did. to be fair, it's green, not white. but still...
anyways, time to head home for the weekend(got tomorrow off- yay!).
@lz: that just sounds...wrong...on so many levels. it's going to be hard for them to get business in the early stages.
soylent is a real, actual food company now
it was worse because it was limited edition, or at least part was, so i had to avoid feeling pressured and think even more about it.
i hate when there's something you absolutely need but it costs just enough that you *could* get it, but that'd be stupid. even after a month of thinking, i felt the same way, so i got it finally. i feel bad about it and will never forgive myself, but i feel it's worth it.
gm, it's great if you know you'll spend a ton of time there like i will over the next months.
@geist: i'm constantly socializing when i'm at home. gaming with people i've met years ago that i've actually visited, a few i went to high school with(one lives 15mins away from my house). without internet at home, i wouldn't be able to keep in touch with most of them since it's always in the evenings we are all free(most of the time)
quitting time in 10 minutes! i will say this for having no home internet service: i get a lot of stuff done that i normally wouldn't because i'm glued to netflix and such.
i've been playing, and i know it's not the best, call of duty: black ops 3. been pissing loads of people off too! rarely do i go below a 1.30 k/d per match. best one recently, monday night 18/1, and wasn't even the top score.
the sims 2. *crickets* what! it's a fun game! like creating your own soap opera.
lottery could work, if it were an option. utah is dumb that way.
@zem: my friend spent 3 hours just building a town. he says it's good...but i don't know. i never liked the fallout games...i might give it a try(if someone lets me play their copy...not spending $80 just to try a game i might never play).
hi geist.  i had to run out for a bit.  the knee is good.
i remember that. sorry, i may be sporadically on and off. fallout is so much fun.
@gm, had... had one.  its over now.  they were cool little wooden puzzle boxes.
@geist: he has a campaign?! why am i just learning this!
anyone hear from cheetah butt? i clicked on his campaign and it seems he has been away from ks for awhile. i hope he is alright.
ah. i was thinking it would be from winning the lottery then you get the hot sauce business running. shows how my thought process works. *tosses out old lottery tickets*
well, my thought process was that if i had that kind of money, it was from the hot sauce.
howdy pot! how is the knee?
a 1984 honda? i was still in high school that year. wow, you must really like that car. i'm surprised you didn't say "get my hot sauce business off the ground". a million would help you do that. then there is the college money for the kids. (if they go to a community college, you could save lots of money but ivy league ones will gouge you silly)
geist, that's what i mean with using good judgement. old rich typically used that good judgement, but still lived comfortably. none of this excessive extravagance. if i made a million dollars, i'd pay off my mortgage, but i'd stay in the house i'm in. i'd also step up the timeline on getting my car restored, and i would drive that baby and no other car. the car in question is a 1984 honda crx. i also want to help my friends get out of debt, but that would require a lot of money because i wouldn't want to put my own financial situation at risk for the sake of helping others.
good afternoon everyone!
i was happy with a book. still am! books never grow old(i've read the sword of truth series and the wheel of time series probably 3 times each by now, then add in dragonlance and we have endless years of reading).
@gm: actually, at 15 they will probably gift blue ivy a $200,000 car. and don't get me started on that kim & kanye will gift their two children.
@geist: that doll would probably sit on a shelf until the kid is 15, and then maybe, if she wears a full body has mat style suit, she can glance at it.
@gm: i just saw that article on the msn website. reminds me of the rumor that beyonce gifted her then 1 year old daughter an $80,000 barbie doll for her birthday. because, you know, 1 year olds really want a doll draped in diamonds.
as for new rich and old rich, avoiding the entire perfect analogy of the great gatsby, i like old money. the families teach their children how to be good with their money, and most of the time they're generous to charity and community. not to say newly rich people can't act like that. take warren buffet; fellow nebraskan and the single greatest investor in history. he made all the money himself and became at times the richest man on earth, only competing with bill gates who's similar with his money, but he owns a modest mansion (yes, there is such a thing) which he's had for like 50 years and just one or two cars. he eats at fast food places all the time. he's just like a normal person, really, with tons of money, which is how he kept all that money in the first place. he's wiser with it than most old-money families, which is why his family will stay rich probably as long as it's around.
why, if there's a tipping custom in america for food service, isn't there one for other similar jobs like that? then multi-millionaire hockey players could chip in a little to your retirement fund. or vacation fund. bakhan, you sound like you need to visit http://clientsfromhell.net/ . you're not alone.
geist, without all of you, this would be a boring-town. but i defer to any time you guys have all been gone (i.e. weekends, holidays, etc). i'm the only one here the entire day, with lz making frequent checks-in and random cameos at irregular times from others on occasion and scheduled call-ins from you guys. it's not a ghost town without you, but take it from me, it's not very fun either. but i mean, it's the same 5 people every day now: me, lz, you, bakhan, and gm. not very exciting now unless something interesting happens or creeper checks in. `
talking about old rich and new rich...pretty sure the chinese billionaire i read about just today is new rich. $48.5m on a diamond(blue moon, whatever that means) for his 7(seven!!!) year old daughter.
old money rich people, you would never know they're rich, they don't dress fancy normally, they don't drive flashy cars, basically they don't show off and that is how you build and hold onto wealth. there is a documentary on netflix called "broke". it's about some of the athletes that were rich but squandered their money away buying houses they couldn't afford, multiple fancy cars and strip club visits. a few of the lucky ones were able to find work after using their savings to get a degree but most barely get by on their small sports pension.
i want to be old rich. no point in having money if you don't use it to make yourself and others comfortable and happy. obviously, you have to use good judgement when using it, but having money just to have it is pointless!
@geist, in my experience that definitely applies to the nouveau rich.  i find that there is a big difference between new money and old.  the new money people think they have to act a certain way (a-holes), the old money rich are used to the cost of getting things done.  they both want the same things, my way, now, however the old money rich are willing to pay for it.  thats the difference.  actually, most of the old money rich people, you would never know they're rich, they don't dress fancy normally, they don't drive flashy cars, basically they don't show off.  new rich, make sure everyone knows just how important they are... aren't we lucky?
i think that sometimes rich people are more stingy than poor people by a long shot.
@geist, he wants more money!  he owns at least two car dealerships, and a few other businesses, he is a multi millionaire.  i don't begrudge his success, i begrudge the fact that he is being unreasonable, and has changed the design perametres and now doesn't want to pay for the changes.  i had one day to prepare a budget quote for him, which they accepted, then the came back and made changes to the preliminary design. now those changes have increased the original budget by a few thousand dollars, and he doesn't want to pay.  its hard to explain, but basically, everything is now further away then i had designed it to be, and therefore there are more materials required.  a-b-c is now a-b and because of that, it costs more.  i told the builder, if they don't want to pay the extra, i am more than willing to just burn what i have and walk away from it.  we will see what happens...
why does a rich hockey player need to work? heck, he can volunteer at a charity program if he is looking for something to do.
bonus check, yeah right! i got a 1.8% raise this year, what was the cost of living increase again? so basically i'm worth less than i was last year... yeah...
okay, retired hockey player can damned well pay for it all. plus a nice bonus check to the guy who designed the stupid thing in the first place.
geist, you're right. i'm sorry.
@gm, yeah the guy i'm currently bitching about is a retired hockey player... uh huh. he made more in one season then i will in my entire career...
@geist, its an astrology thing.  i usually try to find the least plausible answer for bs problems... ;)
@bakhan: don't forget, the did "hard work" to get where they are. that silver spoon doesn't lift itself. the nanny had to do it.
mercury? i'm confused.
well, i just googled it and mercury is not in retrograde, so it must be something else...  i am seriously getting tired of these overly entitled wealthy people.  i know we completely changed your design, but we don't want to pay more! wah!  try telling that to someone who makes less working per year, than you do off of intrest... yep, hard to feel bad for them, also hard to feel good about working on their project...
well, i can't do anything about that. the internet is infested with bad-luck-cooties.
morning gm. your work cooties bit my computer when i came in today. clearly my voodoo doll isn't working enough.
morning kittens! having a mid week holiday really is a drag...makes the rest of the week either longer, or so crammed with stuff that needs to get done you wish it was longer.
soggy morning corps. @lz: i think you are forgetting bakhan, gm and myself. otherwise, even with the two of you, this would be a ghost town.
good morning corps!
good, frosty morning. supposedly it snowed a little yesterday evening, but it was hard to tell because it rained at the same time.
idk about the twitter but i have seen a few kc fb posts since the end of this.....
good idea! forgot about those. are they still used?
i think they all followed kc on fb and twitter. i'm planning on using those when i get my ks going.
kinda sad everyone else left. i just wish there were a way to invite them back. kittencorps kickstarter, anyone?! then try to find them on random other kickstarters to remind them of us and bring them back, and then use any money to have a get-together or something.
of course. without zem and me (mostly zem), this place would be a ghost town.
hey doc! nobody all morning, 2 people on for the first time in awhile at night. and lz and i, of course.
i'm doing well
howdy doc!  good to see you.
hey pot!
hiya zem.  good to see you. : )
kickstarter: not having a life, together. or as i like to call it: together alone.
howdy, pot, and welcome back to not having a life!
ah!  he lives!  how ya doin' lz?
not yet. i still need to gather a little more information.
sorry i haven't been around much lately.  between having the flu, working a job and getting out to the house as often as possible i haven't had a lot of time for surfing kickstarter. have you started your kickstarter yet lz?
good afternoon all.
that's right!
unless they come to your side and support your hot sauce kickstarter, of course.
well you accidentally hit me with them this morning, but now i think i'll do a voodoo nap to ward them off. ` lz, that's hilarious! i can see you starting the apocalypse and reigning over a new breed of man, the zombie, commanding entire wars against the last shreds of humanity.
actually i was busy putting together a voodoo doll that i would use on gm in case his work cooties didn't go back to canada.
except for me, of course. for obvious reasons.
it's the apocalypse. everyone is busy fighting off the zombie hordes.
wait, really? nothing all morning on a weekday? am i just not getting the messages or has nobody really checked in all day?!
dang it geist, not me! i don't want them! i woke up and my back was hurting incredibly bad, causing all sorts of problems again. work on your bad luck cootie aim!
@gm: it's a new day so you can take back all of your bad luck work cooties.
morning! to all the veterans out there, i solute you.
hey, pot!  and with that, off to bed. good thing i realized i should look at the time not too long after i should have gone to bed. fallout 4 is actually pretty cool.
hi, pot!
hiya cats.
i'm sure my old boss will contribute a lot
that could work. i mean, 7,500 is still alot, but quite a bit less than otherwise. i'll definitely buy at least one of each, possibly and probably 2. i'd give as much as i could, but nobody here is in a good position to support the majority of this. we'll just hope to be lucky and find someone who loves helping entrepreneurs in return for amazing hot sauce.
i could do three flavors and have the 4th as a stretch goal...
jeez. yeah, unless we tour some huge hot sauce conventions, i don't think it'll be very easy to hit 10,000. might have to rethink some plans.
yes, it's production costs. we're talking about a minimum order of 100 gallons per recipe
that's not how i would do it either, but that's still quite a bit of money. why that much? minimum production costs? because that's going to take a heck of alot of marketing and prayers to every god we do and don't believe in.
i could start with one and have the other three as sg's, but i don't know if that's how i want to do it.
yes, it's looking like i'll need that much for the ks campaign. that is, if i want to do 4 flavors.
@preston taylor: check out the last update. you'll find your answer there.
wanted to determine how we can chart where we are in the shipping queue. i have still not received my pack of ek. thanks
that might be a bit high for a hot sauce campaign from an unknown creator.
@lz: you mean you'll need that much raised on your ks campaign?
lz, for the business plan? i can make that work. i could live a full year off of that much, travel included if i can find really cheap tickets to somewhere nice. however, you don't really get to see all that much interesting stuff for that little money, so i hope we can make more so i can go to... er, i mean we can show the people some really cool, expensive things.
it's looking, so far, like i'll need to raise about $10k.
i even knew something would go wrong. said so last night.  knew it was coming, but didn't expect it to be this soon....or for me to be this tired when it hit(everything seems a lot worse when you are tired).
can i mention it too? because it's worth mentioning twice. even if you already know the fact, you tend to forget it until you hate somebody again. ` lz, i don't need bottles, just travel money, remember? perfect business model! you sit on your kan, i travel and make videos out of it to put on youtube and make more money.
@gm: a time or two, but it's always worth repeating.
have i mentioned how much people annoy me?
lol!
*crickets* yeah.... we'll....discuss....that..... *crickets*
and letting all of your fellow kc members have free bottles for life! *crickets*
yes! and then i'll just sit around on my kan and let the money flow into my account!
lol i'm sure your sauce will be successful and you'll be living large when every restaurant is using it. move over sriracha.
your "kan"?
*own! damn autocorrect!
this. all of it. this is why i hope i can make it on my kan.
gm, final fantasy: the fourteenth finale! ` the problem with me is that even if i got my dream job, it would become work to me and i'd hate what i've always dreamed of. i'm going to have a hard time because i hate work itself, unless it follows distinct, strict, fluid guidelines. that sentence actually describes me in a nutshell, oxymorons and all.
even if i would have been broke most of the time, at least i would have loved what i did you never know bakhan. do some research. reach out to companies and ask them about hiring criteria. i don't really have a choice in the matter because the job i'm on doesn't pay well and the d.c. area is getting more and more expensive to live here ever year. i could move somewhere else but i don't think folks want a late 40's junior accounting assistant. i'm willing to sacrifice 4 years of my life to get the medical degree that i am shooting for. i'm pretty sure i could get a job in the field and within 3 years be making over $70,000 a year. plus i have the added bonus of enjoying what i do. that is good enough for me. i have a friend who just got her real estate license and she is 52 and happy now. she could be making a lot more as an executive assistant but she didn't like the job and didn't want to do it anymore.
@geist, i hear that!  i wanted to go into sound production.  producing music/audio for television, music bands, etc.  i was told that wasn't practical.  so i was forced into business managment, specializing in accounting, because, you're good with numbers!  well, i hated every minute of it, and didn't end up graduating, as i just couldn't afford to go back for another year and pick up the two last courses i needed for my degree.  then i was forced into taking a job with cp rail, working as a trainman, and would have worked my way up to an engineer (the train driving kind), after numerous near misses, and working with a bunch of alcholics, i decided to choose life.  i wound up here, at a plumbing/heating wholesale and worked my way up to lead hydronics designer (not to toot my own horn, but hardly and easy accomplishment).  while i enjoy the challange of the work itself, i am hardly happy here either.  too much pressure, too much work, too many opportunities to let people down.  this whole working thing is way over rated.  i wish i would have followed my dreams, and not the advice i was given.  even if i would have been broke most of the time, at least i would have loved what i did.  at 41, i'm not even sure if i could get into sound production anymore.  four years of school, and who wants to hire a novice, 45 year old?
you can keep your stinking bad luck gm! your bad luck was so bad, i'm currently internet-less at home. @bakhan: i told my gran when i was a young kitten that i wanted to be a chef when i graduated from school. she scoffed and badgered me into getting an office job. the worse thing i ever did as i've hated every minute of it. now i'm trying to get into the medical field so that i don't leave this earth hating going to work since i don't think i will ever retire.
definitely do what's best for your health(both mental and physical). for me, my manager has us keep track of the overtime we put in, and then gives us time off in lieu. basically the same as having worked it, and i usually take the time off on days that are normally slow anyways. so i can actually relax a bit and not worry.
the problem with putting more hours in, is that i don't get paid for them unless they've been pre-approved and that won't happen, and then they will just expect me to put in those extra hours for free.  i'm totally sick of it.  i don't want to make a rash decision, i do like working with most of the people here.  i just don't think i can do it anymore.
@bakhan: i'm the same way with not wanting to let people down, hence the late hours to ensure people get paid. and the severe frustration/stress when people blame me for them not cracking down on stuff.
i'm with geist.  i'm actually very close, after 15 years, to handing in my notice.  i just can't do it any more.  i am not two people, i can not do the work of two people.  just because i can push myself to the limit to get things done doesn't mean i don't take a toll in the process.  there is no relief in sight and my manager will do nothing to mitigate the work load i am under.  i've been frustrated here before, but it is getting crazy, and i hate letting people down.  its not how i work.
@geist: maybe that's where my bad luck went...this weeks has been decent for me. maybe we're swapping the luck back and forth between us.
well this is turning into a crappy week.
@zem: fallout is overrated. i played fallout 3, but couldn't get into it. give me a rainbow six, star wars, or (some)call of duty any day over that. i also have final fantasy xiv that i play, so i've got loads of rpging to do there(i haven't even done 1/5 of the quests in the game, and have 4/33 or 34 classes(both crafting and combat) at the current max level of 60).
homemade aftershave. ... i need to get on your xmas list......
got mine today here in russia. nsfw is slightly too nsfw for me.
huzzah! i am now the proud owner of a beautiful baby fallout. too bad i likely won't have time to play until late wednesday.
i saaaiid "the quiet before the storm!" you guys weren't supposed to go silent then, you were supposed to start chatting up a storm! what do we pay you people for anyways?
gm, the quiet before the storm ` why did nobody tell me before that the entirety of bob ross's show was streaming a marathon before?! i loved that show, and i'm suddenly re-addicted to it now that i'm watching it again.
anyways, time for me to head home...at a decent time...on a monday...what's going to hit the fan this week?
@zem: you will need to bug bakhan's wife for the pictures of us.
speaking of which, has anyone uploaded any halloween pictures yet?
i'd actually like to see kittens exploding into beads, colin. that could look pretty cool.
@zem, yeah, i don't usually post anything other than "good luck project" or "yah/phew it's arrived!" but i liked the look of the pixel beads and it's pretty small scale. they were all excited about their 100th backer recently.
geist, it's really easy to make your own aftershave. i do an extraction with cheap rum (montego bay gold rum-- < $3/pint) by soaking cinnamon sticks, cloves, lemon zest, rosemary, orange zest, anise, vitamin e oil, cedar oil, tea tree oil, and a few other things for a few weeks. then mix it with witch hazel and aloe juice and you're good to go.
zem, that's what i had in mind. my friends all love my sauce, so they'll be very thankful
lz, this year you can give them all homemade hot sauce, and then you even have a great testing base for feedback. plenty of close relatives and friends with widely varied tastes! just make sure to have something else as well if they're not so into spice. though i'm sure you already thought of that and who it would work well for.
homemade aftershave? i didn't think one could make such a thing. i love crafting projects. i've been so busy, i don't know if i have time to make anything for myself.
i also make a point of having my christmas shopping done before thanksgiving. if i don't, then i do it online. last year, i gave everyone om my list homemade aftershave
these days, if you are religious like with my family, then it's about half celebration of jesus and half visiting family and giving gifts, etc. but if you're not, you can literally go the entire season without hearing anything christian at all, only carols on the radio, annoying bells trying to suck the coins out of your pockets, and layaway deals that let you not have to worry about paying for those stacks of gifts until they're already given and you have no recourse.
yes, i know it's still a religious holiday for the few of us left who really care, but to everyone else, it lost its religious aspect so long ago that my grandparents weren't even born yet. (i believe that specific sale that really changed it all, especially with the introduction of the modern santa image, was around 1918, and my grandparents were born in the early '30s)
@zem, i highly doubt that, my grandparents generation was extremely religious.  to the point that my grandfather was very upset that i stopped going to church as he really believed my soul to be in jeopardy.  it made me feel bad for him, but i refuse to be a hypocrite, and as much as i wanted to make him happy, i wouldn't lie to him, or pretend to be something i'm not.
@gm, congrats on becoming an uncle!  that sounds like your family has the right idea!
colin, that'd be really cool, actually! ` i usually don't even go shopping if i can help it on black friday and near christmastime. and bakhan, it's been more commercial than religious for well over 100 years now.
i'm definitely glad my family all agreed to just spend time together instead. though, this year will be slightly different as i will be in uncle early next year.
@lz, thats why i specifically do my very best to get my christmas shopping done in november.  i absolutely hate christmas shoppers!  i mean its such a joke, its supposed to be a religious holiday (not for me, but meh to each their own) about loving your fellow man, etc., and people are the biggest a-holes!  i just don't understand all the pushing and crowding, not to mention trying to get a parking space... i try to make at least one of the gifts i give each year, because i think it should be special, and it cuts down my exposure to the jerk faces!
howdy creeper! icup? what is that? i don't think i backed that one.
@bakhan, i agree with you. i should have been more specific. i don't fault the stores for having sales at that time of year. they realize that people want to get stuff for people for christmas, and they have to reduce their inventory for tax purposes. what i meant when i said that working retail during black friday ruined christmas for me was that seeing how awful the people were in response to the perceived great sales ruined it for me. the sales weren't even as good as the shoppers thought they were. i got so sick of the verbal lashing i'd receive any time i dared to close my register for something as silly as taking a mandatory lunch break after working for six hours straight or the even more insignificant reason that i had been working for ten hours with only one break and it was time to go home.
aside: pixel beads worth checking out? http://kck.st/1lnwbgv\ i'll be making exploding kittens ;0)
hey geist- did you know you can get the icup thingie online? i googled it the other day.
mrrreeow
i don't blame retail for ruining chirstmas, i blame all the people that buy into it!  i hate getting "stuff", i would really rather people just got me  a nice thoughful card then buying me some cheap junky thing.  my wife's family will not go for the secret santa thing, so everyone buy's like 20 ten dollar things and its all junk.  i swear, i don't get it.  if you see something when you're shopping and it says to you, this is so what that person would want, get it, if you don't, then don't just buy "something"!  i expect retail to do anything to promote sales, i also expect people to use their brains!  a deal, is only a deal, if it is something you actually need!
yeah, it was such a big hit they decided it should run over to non-friday, one that was already a holiday. if it becomes a national holiday, i'll kill whatever congressmen voted for that. but seeing how much money it pulls in, it might someday. they'll just move it to the week before thanksgiving to give more time for shopping, have it include thanksgiving shopping as well, and then it'll encompass everything. it's seriously the pinnacle of holiday commercialism.
wait, sorry. something worse than black friday has come about in recent years: black thursday. no shopping should ever take place after about noon on thanksgiving!
black friday is the worst. working retail on black friday ruined christmas for me.
oh, hey, owen needs my signiature for something, doesn't he? oh boy! i just realized i left the gas on at home. and my cat is a chronic smoker!
because they know it annoys you?
why is it that when i need someone's signature, they aren't in the office?
morning gm
morning kittens!
ok, my at&t hotspot is a complete fail. i can't even watch a ahs without running out of gb within a day. i miss my unlimited service.
i hate black friday. it's the stupidest idea ever, and somehow more commercialized a holiday than even christmas, if only because its only purpose is literally to sell things. you know it'd be the day after halloween if there were no thanksgiving.
good morning kittens!
morning kittens! only a couple more weeks until black friday. who wants to camp out in front of walmart with me? (jk)
see what i mean? nobody's been here all day but you and me, and you haven't even commented very much at all.
well nobody was here and i didn't want to just leave it open all night until i got here lunchtime tomorrow and had forgotten my answer.
it's no fun if you give the answer in the riddle
i've been writing notes on the top left of my former roommate's door all year, and i've topped myself this time! i put this up: http://askmiddlearth.tumblr.com/post/62996194361/the-runes-on-bilbos-door
what, do we need another riddle or something? what has one word but thousands of letters?  ` if you were thinking along the lines of mail or post-office, you were close, but i was thinking more along the lines of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user:challisrussia/titin_full_name
why did nobody tell me they were marathoning all of bob ross's the joy of painting on twitch?!?! i loved that show! i was wondering why he was suddenly cropping up all over the internet, but i just found out about this and may have even missed it, which would make me sad. i watched that show all the time when i was a kid. reruns, of course, but who cares?
i kept it going, too!
well, you broke it without even saying its name. it's silence. i loved riddle "hour". if you couldn't tell by me being the one to have started it and kept it going for the entire night. there were only like 10 people there that entire night, but it was alot of fun. just wish i could remember all the people there during it giving riddles and guessing.
aah! riddle "hour" was great!
you guys are quiet. reminds me of a riddle: what's so fragile you can break it by saying its name?  and yes, that was one featured during riddle "hour".
just send it by swallow. much easier. african swallows are usually better at carrying heavy things like 3 bottles or coconuts.
damn! ups is expensive!
thar ya go.
zem, i can't seem to find your address
there have to be good ways to mass produce it without sacrificing flavor at all, and i really hope you find them. dang it, bakhan, you're making this difficult for me! some of us still have to wait a bit!
that puts a big smile on my face. :-d
hot sauce for breakfast? ok! the drip cap would be a great fix! you know lz, i said it was hard to pick a favourite, and it was, but now after using over a third of each bottle, it's mad cow by a hairs breadth. they are so good i woke up thinking about them! just to put this into perspective, i have around 15 or so different hot sauces in my fridge and i would choose any of yours over any of them!  you definitely have a sellable product here. your biggest challenge will be not sacrificing the flavour and quality by scaling up for larger production. you need to make these available to a bigger market, cause people don't know what they are missing out on!
i watched inside out for the first time last night. that was hard.
watched both of those. even the credits are hilarious! ` can't wait to try the stuff out for myself!
as far as the thinness of the citrus sauce, i think i'll have the drip rings put onto those bottles
thanks, bakhan!
i was gonna rewatch space jam, but i talked about it with my roommate and we realized we should watch the second naked gun. is it just me or are this series and airplane the pinnacle of comedy movies?
1/1 people find this review helpful.
so i couldn't wait anymore! holy hot sauce lz! they are all delicious! it's really hard to say which one i like best. i started with the inferno the flavour was nicely balanced and the heat was nice. i then moved on to the mad cow, the bold, almost barbecue flavour and nose were amazing!  just the right amount of heat. then of course i moved on to the experimental sauce. i have nicknamed it sweet citrus sin sauce.  ;) it packs a lot of great citrus flavour and the habanero blends very well. my only complaint is it is quite thin and hard to pour because of that. however, it would mix quite well in a marinade that way. at any rate thanks lz, truly appreciate all your hard work! you have a very viable product on your hands!
smite them, lord! leave no survivors!
i wish i could be free this weekend. everyone, pray to whatever higher power you hope exists that salt lake city will have horrific precipitation tonight/tomorrow morning!
@gm, its all good. my wife has left town for the weekend, so i'm free, i'm freeee!  not that it really makes a difference, lol! i do the same things if she's here or not... ;)
@bakhan: looking like i will need to text you after i finish work.
yup, nap time.  i totally agree.
as with everything start small and go bigger.
thank you for the warning. i'll have to watch out for that when i start baking. maybe use only half of what the recipe calls for.
@geist, just watch your dosage.  whatever you are baking make sure you know the dose per serving or you will regret it, for reals!  it is almost impossible to overdose by smoking, actually pretty easy with eating it.  baby steps, and bites... ;)
better to eat it than to smoke it imo. now that it's legal where i live, i can start baking brownies and such. i even have a cookbook with recipes on different desserts to make with it.
i was just thinking that, once i'm done with what i'm doing at work(stupid slow system) i will.
@gm, so about that hot sauce... text me or something?
@bakhan: agreed.
probably better phrased as in "i don't do any illegal drugs".  my personal stance?  to each their own, but harm none, force none.  what i do on my own time, is up to me, but i would never be intoxicated at work, or behind the wheel, thats just not right.
alcohol is technically a drug, as well as my drug of choice, caffeine. i might take a quick nap and then have pot s of coffee or something.
except one problem geist...i don't do any type of drug....now, if it was rum cake minus the cake...then we're talking.
dealing with idiots who can't listen that sounds like your co-workers. you can't escape no matter what? *hands gm a pot brownie* this should help.
until i leave my house, i don't deal with the world(unless i'm online gaming...in which case  i'm dealing with idiots who can't listen).
lucky you. i'm insane most of the time. it's the only way i know of to deal with this world.
@geist: i was up until i left the house.
you're sane and you go to work? those are mutually exclusive.
getting through and still being sane is more questionable. you were sane before you went to work?
gm, how about the zygon inversion? nah, not very descriptive. flatline? misguiding, but now i have no work, so my activity level is flatlining. but i think i'll settle for either the god complex, closing time, or hide. those describe my life every day, though not necessarily in that order.
hi creeper! how are you doing? how's lil' tolstoy doin? gm, that's a tough question. i'll have to think about that one.
i'm wearing a shirt that says "i'm hard to kidnap" because, well, i am though the shirt was originally made only in 2xl and larger and we custom made this one to my size. i love getting comments on it, though. some people have been pretty funny.
getting through the day isn't the problem...getting through and still being sane is more questionable.
you can get through the day!  i have faith!
@geist: because it's friday, that's why. @creeper: well..so far today isn't too bad. but it's still a pain. i even commented on a post on facebook that said to describe your week with the title of a doctor who episode...mine was fires of pompeii.
creeper! it will be much better in around 5 hours! ;) hope everything is going well for you and little leo!
happy friday kittens!  hope all is well!
i had a fairly calm week and friday is the day when all hell breaks loose. why jibbers? why?
oh, they got some pay(roughly the same amount as what was missed), but it won't be until next friday at the earliest, and if that is the only item to be paid, they will wait until the following regular pay. off-cycles are expensive.
they will still get paid, it just means its a major pain in the ass paperwork wise... sorry gm!
well that was dumb. so what, they just don't get paid?
especially since the cut off for that pay period(which was paid today) was oct 31. timecards were to be handed in to the branch admin by 10am local monday.
@gm: tell them denied! if they needed the money that badly, they would have turned it in on time.
i love being the deciding factor when an employee hands in a timecard today, for the week of oct 18 to oct 24.
i swear to jibber crabst i wanna kill at&t right now. and the former clear ceos as well. f**king sell outs!
yesterday it finally cooled down. the next several days are mid-50s to mid-60s, which i love. good morning everyone! happy friday!
good morning kittens!
here in calgary it will reach a balmy high of 41f (5c) whoo hoo! xp t_t
happy friday kittens! mother nature is going through her last hot flash of the year (it will be near 80 degrees today) so go out and enjoy it!
@zem, still waiting on them myself so i can post them. one can only pester ones wife so far...
wait, still no uploads on the litter box about halloween jollities? i thought we were to expect tons of uploads within the week.
that update makes this all so much easier. we used to have to explain everything!
@subway: look at the most recent update. there is an info-graph that will help you.
hey there. i never got my exploding kittens game. can someone help? i assume it was supposed to arrive by now. how do i contact you guys to check on delivery?
i'm convinced cnn has a full-time psychologist working on the ticker tape on the bottom of the screen and the sets and shows. it's on every day in the dining hall for whatever reason (i think cnn pays the college to show it everywhere), and it's amazing all the little tricks they play, from the arrangement of sets to show names to topics to the wording and specific words they highlight or mock sarcastically. if you didn't notice it, it'd be so effective. it's really annoying to me now.
it's cooling down so much outside. it's so much nicer now!
i love pot s of coffee. i can feel time slow down, my pupils dilate, and my bladder cower in fear. hey, it's only 3:50 and i'm nearly down one pot of coffee?! maybe i'll need to make another! that's right, screw you, headache! you can feel the wrath of caffeine!
lz, that sounds like me. well, no, when you send out an email with the attachment to them, realize you only tagged one, send out another this time to everyone and apologize to the one guy for getting a redundant and rambling about all the mistakes only to realize you have the wrong attachment, send the right one out but forget the few most important people to get it, and then finally get it to everyone, that sounds a bit more like me. thankfully i avoid email entanglement whenever possible.
don't you hate it when you send an email to all the division managers in the company, telling them to look at the attachment, only to find out that you forgot to attach the attachment?
it's a litter showcase, but i hope she gets something personal because she deserves it. sometimes.
idle, hi! and that's awesome! i definitely think she could win a contest on looks alone. you have one classy kitty. ` spidereye? can i shoot webs from my eyes? that actually doesn't sound nearly as bad of a superpower as you'd think. you could gross out villains into submission.
my last comment was directed at zem
so we should call you spidereye?
she listens when she wants to. surprise. cats and women do the same thing.
hello idle! i knew your fluffy was a super model. when i see her on the cover of vogue, i know she will have made the big time.
hello, fellow microscope. i think i could assemble my metal earth millennium falcon much faster without contacts. i'm at about -7 now. on a side note, the fluffy is going to a show at the end of the month. she has enough time to pretty up even more. also trying to train her to sit and shake, but not much progress for now. even keeping off the counter is an issue, however respect has been earned and a stare is usually enough to prevent climbing. to sum it all up, she listens when she wants to. surprise.
here's a good picture: http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.7725615.8716/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg the upside is i can see in incredible abnormal levels of detail up close. i can focus down to probably half a millimeter if i really try. like, literally grain of salt size or even less at times.
whoa. so long story short, i had to switch out contacts because they're getting old, so for fun i decided to go qwhile without them. i made coffee and everything, and am even typing this without contacts. just helps me to realize how hopelessly blind i am. i'm technically legally blind when not wearing corrective lenses, and cant' even read what i'm typing though it's less than a foot from my face. i can only see the red lines pop up for a typo and correct it because i'm focusing alot more on how i'm typing. but yeah, i guess legally blind means that you're still this bad even with correction, but if i don't wear glasses, i can't drive. have you ever seen a picture where it's focused on something incredibly close up so you can't see anything even inches behind it because it's too blurry? that's exactly what it's like for me. i can only see in detail to 5.5 in. with my left eye and 4.5 in. with my right. i really want to go a full day blind just to see what it'd be like. haha, to read this in the same level of clarity as normal, i can only be up to 6 in. away. i would die without contacts. time to put new ones in.
lz, there's the next product in the zombitten line: popcorn flavored irish coffee! that'll sell like hot sauce cakes!
i think lz meant booze instead of flavoring
@lz, easy on that "popcorn" flavouring... ;)
oh, sure, now it appears!
did ks eat my comment? i said: i usually add the cocoa, but we're out, so i got inventive. i do add lots of sugar, as well.
i usually do that, but the office is out of cocoa, so i got inventive. i do put a ton of sugar, as well
geist, is he selling it alongside the hot sauce?! in that case, i'll take 2!
yeah, i'm lost as to why you would even add those. french vanilla can be fun sometimes, but only if you add enough sugar to basically have gone to starbucks. ooh! did i tell you guys last time i was at a hotel we figured out how to make hotel mochas that taste better than most coffee houses?! just get the free coffee and add some creamer or milk, i forget how much, but to taste, and a packet of hot chocolate! it's miraculous and works every time! if you make a pot of coffee and want to be inventive, give it a shot.
i love popcorn! i'll take a bottle.
no doubt! lz use your powers of science!
...those flavours do not add up in my head to make that....get the lab to run tests.
mmmm edible oil products!  i'm amazed it doens't taste like fruit punch! ;)
apparently, a blend of french vanilla, hazelnut, and almond joy creamers makes coffee taste like popcorn. that doesn't make any sense
i like my pet western hognose snake. all spiders are venemous; but most are not dangerous to humans.
first off, he's represented as a serpent, not necessarily a snake depending on the translation. though a snake is a good bet. i also love snakes, though. and very, very few can strike that fast. also, venom. very few have true poison. i don't hate spiders because some are venomous (in my area, i've seen both brown recluses and even less commonly black widows), i hate them because to me they look unnatural. they're horrifying to my mind. i have no problem with them, so long as there's space between me and them. i don't have any actual phobias, but i have a severe aversion to spiders and mold. spiders creep the hell out of me and mold makes me nearly throw up, no matter the kind.
on the plus side, there wasn't enough of the chemicals for all of us to be able to do the entire lab, so we got out early because there was nothing we could do about it.
i just realized that i'm in an abusive relationship. i love her, but she just keeps kicking me in the nuts every time we meet. and makes sure that no matter where i am or what i'm doing, she's all that's on my mind. why chemistry?! why do you have to be so cruel?!?!?! ;) in the immortal words of cliff hanger, "can't. hold. on. much... longer!!!"
spiders and snakes. i hate snakes. they strike quicker than the eye can blink, they have some of the worlds most deadly poison and i can't understand why some humans like them as pets since they can't show affection. there is a reason why they represent the devil in the bible.
my wife also has a big phobia of spiders, which, if you've seen our halloween display is funny, as there are lots of spiders.  its actually funny to watch.  but if there's a real spider in the bathtub or some such, she shrieks at the top of her lungs, even if its a little guy, which most in canada are.
my mom has such a phobia of spiders she can't even touch the plastic ones, even the neon green ones(she wanted them for her work halloween display...she works in a school library).
i'm scared of spiders. not to the point that i have a phobia or anything but i still don't like them. i once saw a tarantula pounce on a mouse. ewwwww.
@geist, watch out for those acidic spider webs and giant bugs! ewwww!
good morning kittens!
morning! the fog was so thick this morning, i feared i was in a stephen king novel.
i'm up, stop yelling, jeez.
wake up!!! that's just as much a message to me in the morning, actually.
must've been. you guys are more active here one the weekends than now!
was it something i said? my breath? i just ate, so it smells better, and i have some coffee here.
bakhan, how'd you know i was going to calgary?! ;) kidding. ` i regret... nothing! that was the most beautiful nap i've had in a long time, though i was hot and a little annoyingly sweaty under the covers even with the windows open full blast, but i feel so great now. i really needed a nap. 10/10 would reccomend.
bottle of scotch on the way home? don't mind if i do!
i agree with geist, and you should probably bring another calgarian kc member with you too!
i think you need a whole month off. in hawaii.
ever clear(190 proof), pumped right into my veins. i think i'm taking friday as a mental health day.
i think instead of bourbon, you need some straight up moonshine gm.
oh wow, gm, that sounds like a jolly good time. ` i want to take a nap, but it's too hot and the only thing i can do is open the windows. you know what, i'm going to try anyways. probably going to regret it, but i definitely want it now.
i would have snapped if i was on the phone with this regional manager, as is i'm barely not walking away for a few hours, thus delaying the payroll even further.
gm, i feel the same about talking through text.
one reason i prefer talking to people through text...i can actually take a moment to think about it before i say something that will cause even more issues.
@gm, that only seems logical and fair.  there's no way they're going to go for it!
i really hope my manager agrees to my proposal. have the site admins send all the payroll files to their regional manager, get them to approve it and pass it along to us. two birds, one stone, save on me chasing people to get approvals. and then the regionals know who their problem "children" are.
@gm, yikes! try not to kill anyone!
the words you do not want to hear from a regional manager, at almost 2pm(almost 1.5hours after you're supposed to have the payroll submitted i might add)..."i do not approve".........fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who wouldn't have thought raw or slightly seared meat wouldn't be good is the better question!
well, my computer did that thing again when it shuts down and doesn't save the closed tabs for whatever reason so i literally feel like biting the head off of whoever made whatever software just did this to me and then i have to search through my history to the last time this happened to me to find the standard 30 or more tabs i have open. yay. tons of stress and 15 minutes of a 40 minute break for lunch.
i know, right?
who knew raw fish could be so tasty? cats were right all along.
yay for good, inexpensive sushi!
oh hell ya. i didn't eat the sashmi platter yet because i didn't want to stink up the office so that will be for my dinner. i did have the avocado roll since that is my favorite. what whole foods charges for $8.95 the asian market charged only $3.95. the sashmi platter was only $10.95 but i'm sure whole foods would have charged me $18 bucks or more for that.
is it any good?
oh my goodness. one of the ladies asked if i wanted to go on a sushi run and it turned out to be at an asian market that had the best prices i've seen in my life. they have a sashmi platter that was bigger than what they sell in whole foods in d.c. and it was way cheaper! plus i picked up some sweet limes and pomegranate that i'm going to use to infuse some vodka this weekend. i am so damn happy right now.
i like it. but i like atomic fireball candies, and that's what it tastes like to me. i made the mistake of trying crown royal for the first time right after a shot of fireball. the crown royal, in that instance, tasted just like red label scotch.
@lz: i'll keep the whiskey, never was a fan of fireball.
i would be afraid of what would happen if i drank at work... i lose a lot of inhibition and it loosens my tounge quite a bit... ;)
i like your thinking, gm! irish coffee without the coffee! and while we're at it, let's replace the irish whiskey with fireball!
i'll take one lz! just make mine minus the coffee...and triple the strength.
hmmmm, yes! an irish coffee would be nice about now...
i think gm cursed me. i walked into the office and learned that the lab's problem child is being especially problematic.
not that i would know anything about it...
or just use a normal one like a college kid going to a football game. happens on occasion.
@geist, you could probably use this then... ;) http://shop.camelbak.com/bootlegger/d/1270
lol! i think my flask can hold a max of 2 1/2 mouthfuls. i'd purchase a larger one but then it gets a little harder to sneak into a theater.
only as much as you can fit in 5 or 6 mouthfulls.
sorry i missed your last post gm. i usually keep a bottle of booze in my desk and would be more than happy to have you take a nip or 3.
yay stupid crap! ...wait
i just started...and my head is already hurting from stupid crap. -.-
hello pot! how are things in your neck of the woods?
ahoy, everyone. it is nice out there. too bad my dorm only has heating or air conditioning because it's old and they haven't remodeled and it's on heat now because for 3 days it was cold and now for 6 it's been hot. it's been about 80 if not more in my room constantly, even with a window open. i have trouble sleeping in anything over 70, really. can't wait till it cools down again tomorrow.
@pot, good morning sir!
good morning all.
morning kittens!
morning! it's so wonderful out there right now. i have no choice but to go for a walk this afternoon. probably to the pub and hope none of the co-workers pop in for lunch.
beverly hills... that's where i kinda want to be. it's just that it's hot there, so i'll live in canada or something like that.
hey, gm, never have to pay child support or work a job that relies on actually being paid hourly when there is potential for shortage of work. ` well, my job is done here. someone want to remind him tomorrow? we can take turns.
remind me never to have to pay child support...or work a job that relies on actually being paid hourly when there is potential for shortage of work.
yeah, that's fine.
since i'm not allowed to jump in front of a bus, can i throw others?
with a bad day, it can only get better, so look forward to that. unless it gets worse. in which case be happy you're still better off than you will be.
well at any rate, sorry you're having a shite day, hope it gets better for you soon!
hey man, don't go there! you've got hot sauce coming!  hot sauce makes everything better! well not really, but i don't have much other positive type stuff to say... ;)
i'm about ready to jump in front of a bus...so alive isn't what i am right now unfortunately.
@gm, you're alive! i was beginning to wonder... ;)
geist, i know you will help me. bring me a bottle of scotch. i'm going to need it to get through the rest of this day...which should only be ~1hour....but will be more likely 3 hours.
that's why we get rid of it during the winter, though it has little to no effect in the summer. if that guy wanted more daylight to catch butterflies, why couldn't he have just woken up one freaking hour earlier rather than making the rest of the world screwed up and have to switch twice a year, or not, depending on where you live. the complications from it cost the world hundreds of millions of dollars every year.
the only thing about daylight savings time in the fall that i don't like is how dark it gets so early. it's almost time for me to go and 80% of the daylight is gone. i enjoy going home with the sun still in the sky.
kinda quiet in here. maybe this will bring everyone back here. http://9gag.com/gag/a2qaowe ` if that doesn't work, i'll try my milkshakes. they either bring everyone to the yard or screaming away in terror, in which case at least i know you're there.
my brother literally shouts when he sneezes. to be fair, he had a nasal problem for years and still has it a little so that it was always clogged and he couldn't breathe through his nose, so when he sneezed, he had to shout. my mom, though, refuses to sneeze daintily like a french chihuahua. she makes sure you all pay for her having to sneeze. i usually cover my ears because it's really loud and high pitched.
@geist, lol! that sounds like a guy who used to work in our warehouse, except instead of ben-gay it was vics vapo-rub.  he would just slather it on.  it was a strange funk mix of vapo-rub, b.o., and some other unidentifiable stench, maybe road kill?  the manager had to talk to him about it a few times because of staff complaints.  eventually he was fired over it...
i have a friend who always sneezes a bunch when he has to alrede. it's funny because he sounds like donald duck when he sneezes.
she must be my sister because that is how i sneeze. now one guy i worked with years ago use to sneeze loud enough that the whole office could hear him. i always thought he was exaggerating just to get noticed. he was also the same person would would slather on ben-gay and have half of the office stinking.
we had a lady in our office like that, if she sneezed once she sneezed at least 10 times.  funniest part was it was a super high pitched sneeze, we used to call it chihuahua sneezes! ;)  ahhh-chi!
i've been known to sneeze 10 times in a row. one sneeze irritates my nostrils and i sneeze again.
the worst is when you're eating and you have to sneeze!  can you grab a napkin in time? hope so... ;)
seldom ever happens to me but i'm usually glad when it doesn't happen. i get afraid that a nose nugget will fly out.
@lz, stare into the light! the light of all lights, and the sneeze will come!
at this rate we can have a kc pin up calendar. that would make an interesting ks campaign.
don't you hate it when you feel like you need to sneeze, but the sneeze won't come?
@geist, any fruit or vegetable is better when its fresh, also when its ripened in the field rather than in a truck... ;) good for you for doing the smoothies!
i'm still sticking with the smoothies. i find that the spinach from the farmers market taste better in them than the stuff from the store.
@geist, i'm off it for right now.  you need to recharge for a while after.  my total weight loss for the year so far is 93.2lbs.  so i'm well on my way.  if i can be down over 100lbs this year, i will be a very happy kitten indeed!
lol! i like yours better bakhan. how is the juicing going?
and my favorite quote of all of his: it is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes. douglas adams good story behind that one in the book.
2 good ones: “for instance, on the planet earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, new york, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. but conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.”  ― douglas adams and  “the story so far: in the beginning the universe was created. this has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.”  ― douglas adams
@geist, thought this might be appropriate: “alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.”  ― frank sinatra
good morning corps!
morning kittens! and remember: “am i not destroying my enemies when i make friends of them?” - abraham lincoln
no brokerage because his zombittens came to the rescue and either beat up the delivery service people or smuggled it past the border and left it at your doorstep.
alcohol, hot sauce, hydrocodone, and sleep. some of those go together. we should run tests to find out which. i choose hot sauce and hydrocodone.
probably both
of course, it's probably more fin than having a migraine, which i did last night. i find i always sleep best after one of those. i'm not sure if it's because i wear myself out with all the writhing, or if it's because of the hydrocodone....
working with hangover =/= fun
yes, i'm planning a career of evil ;-) glad there were no brokerage charges.
ok...i think i have recovered from my celebrating.  had to work today with an immense hangover.
oh! also wanted to mention, no brokerage was charged! nice surprise. :)
@zem, yes but i mean like (eventually) paying taxes and such. ;p
bakhan, his name implies he's the lord of a horde of cat zombies, so i think his career is kicked off already.
also, does calling it brimstone, mean that you're making a career of evil?
@lz, so where is the best place to start this road to madness? ;)
woot! yaaaay! huzzah! woohoo! super glad to hear that they all made it! i can't wait to hear what you think of it.
i expect to hear hot sauce reviews in the near future
i'm watching a livestream where one of them is having serious rage issues. they're playing yoshi's woolly world. it's made exactly so you don't rage. the only two modes are basically easy and easier. and so many bad quotes are coming from it. i have no idea what's going on. he literally left the stream for awhile because he was so stressed. from yoshi's woolly world.
huzzah! congrats, bakhan and gm, it's a sauce!
definitely can't wait to try some of the sauce. now to meet up with bakhan and get my bottles.
ladies & gentlemen! the eagle has landed! we have hot sauce in calgary! lz, you packed it like a champ! every bottle is intact! can't wait to try some out!
@geist: no, i haven't had a friend critique it. might not be a bad idea.
see ya, geist.  ` i'm a banana, and you can too!
@gm, i don't really believe in those internet dating sites.  i think when the time is right you'll know, and be compelled to act.  i totally get being shy, who wants to be rejected right?  but when you see/meet the right one, you'll know, and suddenly its not awkward at all.  that being said, i didn't get married until i was 38, so yeah, my method can take a while, but i know i'll be married for the rest of my life, so theres that too.
ok, i'm heading home. the vice prez of the company got on my last damn nerves and i need to head out. see you guys tomorrow.
@gm: have you had a friend critique your profile? there may be something that might be making the ladies stir clear. not that i'm an expert or anything like that.
@geist/bakhan: i've tried dating sites(match and eharmony) no luck. sending out messages, and never getting responses...either i'm not acting fast enough, or they don't see anything...who knows.
@gm/zem, seriously guys if i could find my dream girl, you guys can too!  gm's seen me, i'm no catch, trust me!
@gm: what bakhan said. stat!
if you find one for me along the way, bakhan, don't hesitate to give me a shout.
@bakhan: i've been trying...but trying to find one out of a million(rough population of calgary) is tough. and trying to find one that did show interest....even harder.
@gm, we need to find you a woman... ;)
@gm, sorry bro! if it makes you feel any better mine feels the same way!
mmmm....nothing like a licorice  cigar that is rock hard and you need to suck on it to soften it up.
i love folklore, but the book and fairy-tale kind is much cheaper.
@bakhan: my bank account doesn't like you for getting me into folklore!
bakhan, if you're cold, you can put on a sweater, but if you're hot, nobody wants to see me take off clothes and be sweaty. and humidity does affect cold, but not nearly as much as heat. come here in the summer to see what i mean!
i'm starting to think these ants are sentient. they're using guerilla tactics, coming at random times without warning in droves and are exploiting the environment and even the barriers themselves to attack us in their mission to be the supremely annoying species in this room. i wish the poison was affecting them more. i wonder if it's still even there. at least they're only coming through one side now.
@gm, i think my problem stems from the time i lived in ontario.  we lived there for 5 years, and i can't remember ever feeling cold.  since we came back to alberta, i've been freezing ever since!  all that bs about humidity making the cold worse, blah blah.  trust me, it doesn't. oh well, griping doesn't make it any better... good thing i bought some insulated jeans for this year!
my feet are the last things to warm up in winter time. that is why i have to hop in the shower as soon as i get home or else i can be under an electric blanket with cold feet for another 30 minutes or so.
@bakhan: i prefer the cold. you can always add more, rather than only able to take off so much before the police get involved.
@zem, thats the problem with older buildings, its one way or the other.  personally, i'd rather be hot, you can always cool down.  being too cold... takes me forever to warm up again.  seeing the snow falling today made we wonder when i can afford to take another vacation... hopefully by feb.  oh well, i'll be putting my new furnaces through their paces this year!
my wing of the dorm is stupid. we only have ac or heat, and they switched last week to heat because it was cold. understandable, but now it's 80 here with no wind coming in through the window and my fan broke. i shouldn't have to be sweating in my own room. i'm already acclimated to 50-60 degrees, so this to me feels like 90-95 in summer. it's also stupid since we're like the only dorms not to have a sink in each room because it's one of the older buildings here. i heard they're going to remodel it, but that'll be too late. oh look, a breeze!
i think the recovery email is my normal one...will have to try later when i get home.
wow, that's incredibly unlucky. maybe you could create a new account? or try to reason with the site? nah, that's never gonna happen. try telling the email site you forgot your password (always wondered where they'll send the option to), and then work from there, sacrificing many goats and first-borns to the gods of the forum to wrest the minutest form of control back to your grasp. i wish thee luck! farewell wherever you fare until your eyries receive you at the journey's end.
@zem: i can't remember my password for that, and the email that it's registered to is my kc one, which i forgot the password to. i had it linked on my computer...that died on me.
huzzah, lz! sauce for days! ` can't wait to see all the pics going to be uploaded from this weekend. i still check the litter box regularly (someone has to or else it'll stink), and it's been boring over there for some time now.
@gm, yeah, the three bedroom is a way better layout.  the games room would be a decent size as well.  oh and i was just joking about the n.e. comment... ;) its all good!
@bakhan: i have the same issue with the 2bdrm + den. i'm looking more at the 3bdrm, since one of the bathrooms is right off the entrance. and then i've got the games room(the one at the bottom of the floor plan). personally, that one would be best i think. plus, i already live in the ne, right off stoney and mcknight.
zem, i just need to get packing materials for yours.
lz, any new updates on whether some new bottles arrived with our names on them? ;) ` oh great, and here i thought i kicked that ;) habit! twice in 3 comments!
wow, you guys are talkative.  give me some snow! greedy canadians, hogging up all the fun stuff! ;) ` all i did for halloween was dress up as a bored college kid who didn't go partying and stayed on the computer. my little brother, dressed up as an annoying gremlin of a brother as he does the entire year round, and my dad, dressed up ironically as himself, came in to go to buffalo wild wings. after that we toured campus with cigar buddies catcalling some hot squirrels (it's funnier when spoken because it does sound like girls). all in all, a pretty good halloween. yesterday was all about avoiding studying for that exam i talked about.
@gm, the only issue i have with the two bedroom + den layout is that each bath is like an ensuite, meaning if you had company over, they would have to walk through someones bedroom to go to the bathroom.  i don't think i'd like that personally.
i mean, i didn't ace that exam, but it felt easier than the last ones. which means everyone else did amazing and i still end up sucking it up.
@gm, wow!  thats way in the n.e., you might need to learn a new language to live there! lol! but, if the price is right, and it sounds like it is, then you should go for it!
@bakhan: they are in saddletowne. my dad actually knows the builder(my dad used to draw up house plans for him). there is also 3 bedroom +2 bath, but that building isn't up yet, and i think i would probably get in on that one. so that i can rent out one room, and have the other for a games room(table for board/card games, couch(pull out) and tv with consoles, mini fridge). check out raven ridge condos. they are practically right off the train line.
@geist, this is canada! lol!  i'm surprised we haven't had snow already!
@gm, thats a good price! it would definetely be good to have the 2 full baths! where abouts are they located?
you're getting snow now? it's a balmy 66 degrees and will be in the 70's tomorrow. we won't start to get snow in this region until january. maybe. it might snow in december but that rarely happens anymore.
@bakhan: it was lightly snowing when i left for work, and got heavier the closer to downtown i got. now it's big fluffy flakes. also, i've been looking at different condos from what i originally had checked out. these ones are cheaper(since they are further out from the core). like, 2 bedrooms +2 bath(both full) + a den for a little under 321k(around 320,900)
@gm, did you get to work before the snow started?  man, its really coming down over here (s.e.)
@geist, oct. 29, 2016.  plan on it!
@lz, sadly the sauce didn't make it yet.  i'm hoping to have a nice surprise when i get home...  i had to use a different hot sauce, bull shooter, a habenero hot sauce...  well there's always next year!
@lz: nope, hasn't arrived(as of saturday). should be in bakhan's possession sometime this week. possibly even today.
@gm, well, if it makes you feel any better it was delish! ;)
@geist, i will try to post the pics up tonight.  my wife is going to send me the pics, so fingers crossed!  glad you had a good time as well!
am i to understand the sauce didn't make it in time?
*perk* there was garlic and cheese there? oh man, i'm gonna have to dust off my passport and go traveling.
@bakhan: my only regret was not being able to taste the garlic-cheese-deliciousness.
excellent! i know there are pictures posted in the litter box, right? i had a fun time on halloween. played cards in an ice cream shop near the georgetown college campus. didn't see a lot of outfits until we left and started walking towards the subway. the sidewalks were packed and it was hard for me to get a good picture. i have a few and i'll post them in the litter box as soon as i can figure out my password.
@geist, the party was great!  we had a decent turn out around 30 people, which given that it was actually on halloween wasn't too bad!  i got to meet gm!  he is a tall lad, and was appropriately dressed as a lumberjack!  it was really cool to actually meet a member of the kc in person!  we need to do a meet up!  my only regret was that we didn't get a chance to play a round of ek, but there will always be another time!
how was the party bakhan? did you get to meet gm?
@geist, yay! you can do it!
morning. another mild day. i got up early-ish and managed to get in a cardio workout. now to keep it up for the next 4 days.
geist, it's good for the whole midwest. the royals are our team, but especially if you happen to be from kc. they won yesterday and made everyone happy for the first time in 20 years or so.  unless creeper hates them for some reason and wanted her new home team, the mets, to win.
good morning corps!
yippie! wait, is that a good thing?
aaaaaaah!!!!!!! *drunk tears*. world series!!! kansas city royals
*gasp* i think i found sklorz! behold: they're made of his favorite material! ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
it was 75 here today. it should be 80 tomorrow. thankfully, it'll cool down to mid-50s with some rain on thursday and stay there for awhile. warm week. maybe it's the last real warm front of the year and it'll stay down in 50s or thereabouts for awhile before winter.
what a warm day it was today. far too warm for the jacket and turtleneck sweater i had on. according to the weatherman, it will get as high as 75 degrees by wednesday. i think mother nature is going through hot flashes
well, most of them are 99% vinegar, some salt, and a dash of flavor, which is why they taste bad. but alot of good ones use it too. but if your way works better, kick me in the eye if i'm getting in your way. you know alot more than i do.
i use lemon juice to acidify it. i know that vinegar is fairly common in hot sauces. that's a big part of the reason so many of them don't taste very good.
really? vinegar is pretty normal in hot sauces. do you just use water and fire? what do you do with the left over wind and earth?
i don't use vinegar, so that precludes me as the poster. awesome post, though!
i wasn't really sure whether one-punch man was as worth watching as the internet has been saying, but now that i decided to give it a shot, it's the first thing to actually make me literally laugh out loud since i watched the rutles, that satirical beatles documentary by eric idle! i'm not even a huge anime fan, but i'm only 2 episodes in and already wish i had waited longer so there would be more than 4 episodes made so far!
lz, i was going to say "this is really interesting and funny! but i guess not very informative for you.", but then i realized hell, you may have posted this. seems right up your alley! probably not, but it's funny to think about.  http://9gag.com/gag/agropgx…
oh yeah, bet that's fun, gm. ` well that was pleasant. met my dad and brother at buffalo wild wings for some wings and then walked all around campus with cigars. well, after a whole pot of coffee, my tummy wasn't feeling good, and with the cigar straight after, it really wasn't happy, but it got used to it quick. but it's definitely nicer to have a drink of any sort, especially water, to offset a cigar. my mouth is really dry. but alot of fun nonetheless.
happy halloween kittens. awesome costume lz. we'll definitely get one of bakhan and i at  some point in the night.
thanks, zem
that really is an awesome costume, lz! really well done.
hey, i just found a satellite view of the ek shipping service! http://9gag.com/gag/a2q9bb1
thanks! i think it's the teeth...
excellent costume lz. you make a truely scary jack skellinton.
i just put a photo on the litter box.
geist, so you're saying we can do something and call you for free bail?! lz, our lazy business model isn't nearly as good as that one, so sorry, but i'm cutting the partnership so i can just have geist pay me to do illegal things. that doesn't mean you can stop giving me my cut of the hot sauce sales and blog income, though. keep that coming. and geist, i'm going to be sitting at my computer drinking coffee and avoiding anything resembling work, so don't worry about me.
i figured that would eventually bring someone snapping back, lz. also, i was going to keep commenting regardless of whether or not people came back in here, but one comment about every 3 hours on average doesn't constitute spamming or talking to myself, just being lonely. in a couple years when i'm the only one left here, it'll just be like pages and pages of me commenting to myself.
happy halloween kittens. night hasn't fallen yet but i'll be snapping pictures of the costumes later on. in the meantime, be safe and don't get into trouble tonight. i only got so much bail money to spare.
no!
where'd everyone go? do i have to call professor f in here to go streaking again?
unfortunately, this round of ginosaji won't go through. but now alot more people know about the project and they've committed to it whether they reach this goal or not. i just hope they take my advice and do another crowdfunding somewhere with flexible funding like indiegogo.
completely forgot about exploding puppies. it succeeded 2 days ago. i just hope they know what they're doing.
happy 1 am. you guys are lots of fun. total party crowd here. i can't even sleep with all the shouting going on!
boy, the way people are dressed, you'd think it was 30 degrees. can't be less than 40!  i love that line from blazing saddles. "c'mon, boys! the way you lollygaggin around with them picks and them shovels, you'd think it was 120 degrees. can't be more'n a hundred and four-teen!" halfway through typing it, i realized i could make it into "the way you people are dressed, you'd think it was halloween!" but couldn't make it funny.
ah, duh, everyone left work, and now it's the weekend. just cameos with one or two semi-regular appearances for the rest of the weekend.
wow, in all that time, nothing?!
2008. the year i turned the big 40.
yay...last drawer to empty out for these two filing cabinets. then to get everything ready to fill it back up with more recent documents....and not stuff dating back to 2008.
oh gosh, geist, i don't think we're thinking of the same thing! at least i hope it's not that spicy, is it?!
i can only hope and pray it doesn't burn coming out the way it did going in. *imagines the smoke alarm going off in the women's bathroom*
this sandwich? bland. this spicy soup? needs more spice! these cheetos? why aren't they fire cheetos? stupid cookie isn't a hot sauce cookie! why are these candy bars not capsaicin flavored?! and don't even get me started on this banana!
i've been noticing all the opportunities to utilize the liquid fire in my every-day life. bland food needs more spice in its life!
i can feel my intestine quivering in fear. to quote anna faris: "it burns so good".
schoooooool's out for... the weekend. it's something. hullabaloo, i'm done for now! i have stuff to do all weekend though. in the meantime, got the room to myself, meaning windows open for the cold and staying up till about 3 or 4 am!
hot sauce soon? huzzah!
geist, i did. i need to get some packing materials, and then i'll be able to get you a quote
speaking of too...did you get my last email lz?
about 2 hours from now i will try to get out of here. hopefully i can depart a bit early.
me too!
2 hours and 15 minutes to go and then i will light out of here like a bat out of hell.
here's an interesting take on the empire, written 13 years ago. http://m.weeklystandard.com/content/public/articles/000/000/001/248ipzbt.asp…
the ravens are actually more annoying to me because they move at angles. but i realized i could just ctrl + scroll to zoom in and make it a nearly full screen game! and yet i still suck.
the best i've done is 477.
also, it cheats very much. i don't think that without a computer assisted game you could ever get all the candy. i've gotten up to 460. it just has to be a full centimeter below the back of your broom and you die. ` lz, i think it's the cat. it's why i switched from the more eye-appealing blue. do the sounds change slightly color to color as well?
@zem: practically anything, in the right quantities, can be lethal or life threatening to humans.
actually, it's just that during preservation of mammal meats, the proteins become things that your body can break down into things that have a possiblity of interfering with cells. so basically, they become things that become things that give you a very slightly increased chance of colon cancer. and an 18% increase really only means you go from like 0.5% to 0.59%, with the base risk depending on age, gender, previous risk, family genetics, etc. but, the internet being the internet thought "they're takin our bacon! kill it!"
@geist: mentioned it sometime last week...or early this week. my weeks tend to blend together.
i'm surprised no one has mentioned that who has declared bacon as cancer causing. other processed meats and beef were included on that list but...bacon is god's way of saying he loves us. how can that be bad for you?
where is a ghostbuster when you need one?
@lz: i know they do, i was under one, and far above the other, but i got hit.
i'm pretty sure the ghosts cheat
why is yellow so popular? yellow is clearly an inferior color.
wait, geist. i got all of the first candy, 70. assuming there are 70 of each, that would max out the score at 630. how did you get a 670?
oh wow, now that it shows the scores per team, i'm on the wrong team! should i stick with the eye-appealing blue or go to the kittens?! i still haven't chosen my loyalties, so there's still time!
now i'm regularly in 400 to 450. i'm torn between team blue and team yellow, which has a cat. but blue is more appealing to my eye, so i'll primarily stick to that. how the heck did you get 670?!
i played first thing this morning and got a 670 score. i might try again if i have time this evening.
i'm jack skellington!
@zem: 345 just added to team red. :p
@geist: not sure...i've never been formally charged with that, just asked to pick up our beer cans and take it home(they even followed us in their cruiser to the house).
i like the google thing for today! go team blue! i really suck at it, but it's fun nonetheless. my record is like 370-something.
@zem: christmas is a no go for me. spend loads of time with family, but unfortunately i'm also working the 28/29/30/31.
lol@gm: i dunno. what is the bail price for disturbing the peace in canada?
it's a plan! this is the plan for next halloween. or even this christmas.
@geist: and there's a problem with that?
i can see the headlines now: several people carrying cats holding mini bombs, drunkenly over ran the city screaming at the top of their lungs "nope!". news at 11.
@geist: i think that would be awesome. if we could get more kc people together it would be the most awesome party ever!
i'm wearing a decorative head dress thingy for halloween. i might go full costume next year. maybe i'll visit canada and celebrate next year. ;-)
i'm dressing up as myself. question is, which version? :p
i'm dressing up as a lazy person who didn't really care enough to dress up for halloween. what are you going as? and trust me, i'll definitely remember to sleep an hour extra. don't even need a holiday for that!
only 8 more hours until i'm free. happy halloween everyone! and don't forget to set you clocks back one hour on sunday.
no, i went fencing.
it's just above freezing and yet that many people are outside partying! whatever they're cooking smells like schmeider wings, named for the guy who makes the best wings i've ever had.
kinda lonely here. did you go to watch that movie, lz? i kinda like it. ` i seriously can't even see the whole party there. like at least 150 people now, but i can't even tell how big it is outside of my view, but i can tell it goes back behind my building as well. dang! at least the music isn't too loud to keep the window open. i'd feel like a grumpy old guy.
oh wow, i'd heard a sorority next to my dorm was going to have a party out back, but i didn't realize it was the one i can see out my window, nor that there would be so freaking many people there! seriously, i'm too lazy to count, but there's upwards of 100 people there. from where i am, i can see the kitchens just going crazy trying to get all the food out there. i thought about crashing it, but looks like you have to pay or have some ticket to get food. they're setting up speakers, so looks like i'll have to shut my window here soon. forgive me, beautiful 40 f weather! i'll be back soon!
8:00, bored, no work really to do, caught up on youtube, bored of comics... that can mean only one thing! movie night! well, actually, the predecessor to my favorite current livestream/podcast had rhett and link on it, way back in 2011, so i could watch that, but then it'd be a movie night.
keep in mind that just after the judge's phone incident, my brother's phone rang. literally right after it. he literally pulled out his phone, canceled the call, and threw it across the room.
you made me want to watch it
really? even though he's not in it? and i've googled the plot points, even how a synopsis would sound, and had trouble finding it before. i think it's a pretty good movie, though i kinda spoiled it for you.
i googled "denzel washington movie bomb in jail" and the first result was the imdb page for law abiding citizen.
yup, that's it. how did we find that when my brother and i were specifically looking at denzel washington thrillers?! no idea why, we just were, and saw that movie. the one we saw before it was john q., definitely a washington movie. thanks, though! i can never remember it, nor will i now. have to put it in my movies tab.
zem, it's a jamie foxx movie called law abiding citizen.
i don't think i've seen that one zem. what year was it from approximately?
bakhan, help me out. there's a denzel washington movie where two guys break into a guy's house to rob them and end up killing his wife and daughter, but when they go to court, they get out free. the guy, it turns out, wanted revenge on not just them, but everyone involved in the court decision including the judge and jury. to kill the guys, one was sentenced to lethal injection for something else, but he switched the chemicals so it was a painful death. the other guy he tricked into being kidnapped and basically cut him into dozens of pieces while he was alive but paralyzed, including a pretty creepy thing about his privates that's not suitable for here. to spare you from the entire plot, denzel hunts the guy down, puts him in prison, that doesn't work, he finds out he was going to bomb this building, so he puts the bomb in the guy's cell. kinda funny. i know the entire plot, but even then, i only found the title once by googling a description and a funny quote about what he did that wasn't suitable for here. i had it on a tab somewhere, but must've deleted it some time ago and it's surprisingly hard to find for some reason.
@lz, you wouldn't believe the crap that floats around in this thing i call a brain.  but when it comes time to remember important things.... blank blank blank...
bakhan, you are a genius. i found it on youtube and watched a little bit. i got the scenes a little mixed up, but when the second undead kid showed up in class, my sense of familiarity was tingling. then the scene played out exactly as i remembered it!
yeaaaaaahhhhhh! *putting my sunglasses on*
i think that's it! i'll have to watch it to be sure, but it's a good possibility!!!
@lz, this one? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102960/
it sounds like it could be something from stephen king.
i have no idea what it was based on
never even heard of it, lz. though it kind of reminds me of "the world's end", part of the cornetto trilogy. though in that, everyone is replaced with porcelain-like things, and it was a peaceful invasion until they realized that humans are just too stupid and primitive to be part of a galactic civilization. it's really funny, but not as much as the other two in the trilogy.
sometimes they come back?
was that based off a steven king novel?
okay, here's the part i remember: there's a high school class. one of the kids is missing. the teacher asks if anyone has seen the missing student. typical late 80's badass walks into the class and says he's the new kid. he sits in the missing student's desk. he says something about the missing student moving away without telling anyone. he plays with a switchblade knife. the teacher confiscates it. a couple more kids go missing. they are replaced by the first badass's friends. the three of them invite another kid from the class to hang out with them. he's kind of awkward (and i remember him being slightly overweight). they go for a drive. there's a fifth person in the car, looking all scary as late 80's badasses are wont to do. when the car stops, the awkward guy finds out that the fifth person is going to be replacing him. when the signal is given, one of them takes off his mask to show his disgusting, rotten head. that's all i remember.
the kingdom, serenity, lethal weapon, umm....kingdom of heaven? three kings?
we could also just randomly guess... long stock & two smoking barrels!
@lz, thats what we're here for!
@lz: describe the part. we might be of assistance(i'm alone in my office until the end of the day...and i'm procrastinating everything).
i wish i knew what this movie was called! i'm not watching it, i just have the only part i remember watching stuck in my head. i want to see the whole thing, but i don't know what it's called and google isn't helping. it's driving me mad!
i'm all that matters! yay me!
hey guys remember megalomania is its own reward!
and i'm less than 800 comments from lz! i'm comin' fer u!
oh hey, i have well over 5,000 comments! in fact, 5163. when did that happen? crap, i forgot to bring up the 5 eklol thing. oh well. i haven't checked that very closely in some time now.
aww..... now you made me sad.
tep, great. did you at least let him keep believing in santa?
kitten alert! http://9gag.com/gag/agn6vm1
so not too bad a size to have at work...just need to make sure people realize it's not free for everyone....wonder if i could get a mini-desktop fridge for myself and keep it in there...
5 oz
@lz: question regarding the inbound hot sauce. what size are the bottles/jars/ivs?
it's brilliant!
it's the perfect business model; neither of us really works, yet we both don't get nearly any money!
you sell the hot sauce from home and i'll wander aimlessly around the world and send you pictures. maybe you can start a blog with them and then make even more money.
wandering isn't quite my thing. i'm more the shut-in kind of hermit than the nomad kind
lz, you want to wander aimlessly around the globe with me? we can use your hot sauce sales to sustain us.
i don't want a job anymore, either
i don't want a job. personally, i'd be happy as a hermit. at least you get to travel then.
it's the 2nd reason why i'm trying to go to school in a couple of years. i can't stand what i do any more and i want to have a job that i enjoy and pays well before i die.
well at least there's that then! its like going to a restaurant and getting bad food, they better have bad service too, or i'll get pissed! ;)
trust me bakhan, they do.
@geist, if you're going to be overworked, the least they can do is under appreciate it... ;)
@geist: i tend to surf my phone, and condo listing, throughout the day. tomorrow i plan on heading home early, today i can't really do that as it is still only thursday.
@gm: you can't go out for a pretend smoke? go for a short walk. surf on your phone. you are better off than being overworked. trust me. i've been there.
i technically do have filing to do...that's been building up over the last 3-4 months....but don't want to.
@gm, how would you feel about doing some heat loss calculations?  i've got more than enough to share... ;)
morning kittens. it's thursday, i have next to nothing to do....and i got like 3-4 hours of sleep....can i go home now? t.t
good morning corps!
i've trained plenty of people but i've never had a minion. considering how quiet i am in the office, i don't know if i'd want a minion. i prefer to simply do my work and leave at 5 pm.
@bakhan: yeah, and she was on the mid-western us.
i came up with everything on the spot. not the zem thing, i've had that for some time, but the rest of my character. turned out ok. what's the status on the lore of the corps?
@gm, you had a minion? dang, i barely had a nickname... ;)
well yeah, back in the day when there were hundreds of people here every day, there were bound to be tons of whovians. but now it's the same <10 of us. really only 5 regulars anymore and several semi-regulars.
@zem: i have a minion(can't remember her name...she only came by here once or twice) who was into doctor who.
where are you people coming from?! donna is seriously not that popular at all! my roommate thought she was ok and i think she's only mildly annoying, mostly because of her domineering of conversation and plot.
anyway, how has it never come up then? i think i remember a long time ago, potatten and now i remember you, lz, responded whenever i brought it up. have i not done my internet geeking-out quota? get me started on middle earth, i dare you. or when sherlock comes up this new years', i'll never shut up. it started just after i'd finished reading every single short story and novel of sherlock holmes, and my family watched masterpiece mystery every sunday on pbs, so i've been watching it since the first episode aired. and benedict cumberbatch and martin freeman.
donna was awesome!
amy was my favorite assistant, only just beating out rose. dat karen gillan, tho... see, gm, you're only the second person i've ever met who thought donna was good. to everyone else, she was the worst assistant. to me, she's not a horrible person, just annoying. and then when i realized river song is alot like her, i kinda lost some respect for her, not that she was my favorite. nor an assistant, i guess. i do love how it turned out the ponds, the doctor, and river were all a family though. that was clever.
@zem: the ponds were amazingly awesome. donna was good too but them legs on amy...
i watch doctor who and i have read all of 8 bit theater
ah, good. i think she will be the new jack. and he even mentioned harkness, so that's a plus. now to just make her a prominent recurring character who's around for millions of years. maybe even bring back captain jack and have them meet. she's still going to be annoying, but at least she has a purpose. nobody here even watches dr. who. what am i talking about? where's dr potatten?! i need to have a word with him about nuklear power.
no offense intended, geist. i was playing along, assuring everyone that they were all right. valid points were made on both sides.
maisie williams is kinda getting annoying now. she's almost a meme. she just keeps turning up in random places. even (though i guess i'm a week and a half late for this) dr. who. twice this season, with a third appearance coming up, apparently! she'd better become the new captain jack or something or else she'll just be annoying. at least you know right off the bat she's immortal. maybe she'll meet jack... i wish they'd bring him back.
lz, i was kidding. sheesh.
it's that easy? why am i not selling hot sauce by the gallons in gross yet?!
hey, that could work. if i can get the canadian government to back me, i could probably forego all this copacker business and just build my own facility...
"this sauce is too damn good for this country! we've confiscated it and wish to know how we could get more!"
here's hoping. it kind of depends on how long border security wants to take examining it. probably sample some too i bet. then demand to know how we came to be able to get it.
so is it possible you'll get the stuff by halloween?
brokerage...yeah that sounds like a greedy bs cash grab
sprayable has already been suggested here. i don't think it will work.
why then? what's so special about next year? this ones boring as it is.
@gm, we only wish!
it's usually too hot for anyone to eat and kind of flavorless, maybe by accident in the factory, so they bottle it up in spray bottles. maybe that's what you should do, lz! sprayable hot sauce!
is it oct 2016 yet?
i prefer to spray their faces on the sidewalk myself, it would be a waste of hot sauce otherwise... ;)
some people spray a really hot sauce in muggers' faces. it's actually perfectly safe, but try telling that to them.
well...hot sauce, depending on the potency, can be very unsafe
@gm, thats cool. its not that i was worried about it, just wondering how much this bureaucratic bs is going to cost us.  it just seems like another stupid gov't cash grab.  had to make sure that hot sauce was safe... mmm yeah....
@bakhan: whatever it is, i'll split it with you.
@lz/gm the sauce has hit the boarder! i just got the call from ups for brokerage info... i wonder how much thats going to cost?
lol butts. and peepees.
kids are ok, so long as i don't have to directly deal with them ever. cats are always ok, no stipulations as far as the eye can see.
creeper, both!
sure, sure, sure. everybody's right. the purpose of the link was to laugh at oats's trolling of the huffpost
hey, kids are great! as long as they are someone else's and they go home before they become annoying... ;)
now lz, you know having kids is much more satisfying than having a cat. *scoops out the remaining two eggs and leaves them out for the rats to gnaw on*
@creeper: both. definitely both.
leo? or matt inman?
i wonder what it would take to get him to do the art for my hot sauce labels...
typos curtesy of leo
he's brushing my hair with his paws. nope.  typing hands are a distraction now...  i'd post more pictures but tying to log into the forum from phone is too difficult with those crazy passwords requesting
jelly bean toes!  so cuuuuuuute! leo is good!  currently attacking my hair!  hands and feet have become his enemy. i try the whole "do not engage" approach and distract him with a different toy.  he is not fooled.
the 10-year-old in me loves the last picture. it's his favorite.
well played oatmeal, well played...
be sure to read all the way to the bottom
baahaahahahhahahahahahahaaaaa! i love the oatmeal! troll level=master! https://web.archive.org/web/20151028175657/http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/10/27/having-a-cat-vs-having-a-baby_n_8397662.html
jelly bean toes! http://9gag.com/gag/am8kbbv
hola creeper! what's up in your life?
hahaha, wtf? gmmore today decided to look something up, then rhett was talking about his grandma, so they looked up "mama nell" and found a 50th birthday youtube video for a mama nell from this year. now they sent everyone over there to give her tons of love and thousands of views and upvotes out of nowhere, but not say they came from good mythical morning. this is crazy. that video was uploaded this morning and it already has 14,597 views, 9,866 likes, and 6,359 comments. the person who uploaded it now has 143 subscribers. i can not imagine what that person must be thinking now!
*waves at creeper* how is little nugget doing?
btw- sorry to my canadian friends about the royals beating toronto. it was a very good series! y'all had me sweating
bakhan, i think you should have a word with canada. it's being unruly again.
@gm: yea but it is all soggy, cold and grey out? good thing i am wearing my tennis shoes home so that my feet to get all wet. i hate walking in wet dress shoes.
@zem, you should see the havoc the wind it playing on our halloween display in our yard!  my wife is spending 30+ mins everyday straightening it up!  i haven't seen it this consistantly windy for a very long time.
wow, that wind is strong! can you guys tell canada to cut it out? it's getting annoying. 17 mph with about 30 mph gusts. it's not horrible, but enough to be incredibly annoying if you're just trying to walk somewhere.
@geist: lucky you. i have 4.5hours left.
3 more hours and then i can start my long, soggy commute home.
ooh, that's a good one!
@gm: you could go as the pope of nope.
pfff! -6 sissy degrees! -6 here is -21 there. it's been about 5 c here today and i'm still in those clothes. i might wear a jacket under freezing and long pants at 0 f ish, but the last one is only because i make other people feel cold.
@zem: you would probably be frozen before long. this morning was -6c when i left the house.
yeah, just mosey on across the border for the weekend. i mean i'd love to, but i don't have nearly enough money to fly and neither the time nor money to drive. besides, alcohol wouldn't matter for me in canada. i'd come dressed as a 'murican. in a t-shirt and shorts. because that's all i could do anyways. maybe a jacket. probably not.
@gm, thats it! come as a drawing board!
@bakhan: damn...now i need to pick a new costume....back to the drawing board!
@gm, let me guess... a tacocat?
@bakhan: did i mention i still have to go get my costume? won't be hard, and if you don't recognize me for what i will be dressed as, i will be sad.
@geist, a little ek perhaps? ;) i will also post some pictures on the forum of the party, especially gm and me!  did i mention, i was excited?!!
morning bakhan and gm. i'm going to be playing cards this halloween. i will try to post a few of the pics i take on the kc forum board.
@gm, the only thing you need to bring, is what ever you want to drink!  there will be assorted pops, water, etc., and my wife normally makes a punch, alcohol free as a few people there are recovering alchies... ;)
@zem, hell ya, you should come!  who needs to study anyways, come on man, you got this! xp
morning kittens! @bakhan: it sounds like it's going to be an awesome good party. anything i should bring? @zem: i'm sure bakhan would welcome you to the party. make your way here and join the festivities!
am i the only one not doing really anything for halloween? probably. not even going home this weekend because i have to get ready for exams next week.
@geist, yay! i'm so excited, its going to be great this year!  i've got so much fun stuff planned, the confirmed list to my party keeps growing and growing!  our band practice went very well last night, no unwanted feedback!  every sound man's dream.  hell, i even have a kc member making an appearance (gm!), i don't know if it could be any better! whoo hoo!
less than 4 days until halloween. *evil cackle*
i get so lonely at nights. i needs me some hot sauce to cuddle up with.
yay! after not watching my youtube videos all weekend, i finally watched all of them in my subs feed to the present time!
for whatever reason, after backing up my system, it locked up chrome and i had to restart because it wasn't loading anything for no reason. after i did, my recently closed tabs thing was gone, so i had a heart attack that i'd have to find all 37 tabs again on my own! but thankfully i had to restart an hour or so ago, so i brought all the tabs up then, so in my history, they were all there, though out of order. that was a life saver.
sriracha is a hipster sauce anymore. it's too overused. great in pho tai, but i don't really use it otherwise. really depends on what, when, and where you use the sauce and how saucy you feel at the time. we were inspired by a friend who makes (literally) the best hot wings ever. it's a whole process, but he uses frank's red hot sauce on them and it's beautiful how they turn out. not like you might think, small and deep-fried. but we got the idea to take whole chicken thighs, grill them, and dunk them in that sauce. it's so good!
i'm actually not that surprised.
eew! no fresh ingredients?! what is this, cleveland?!(no offence to people from cleveland, never been there, just first place that popped into my head).
they also don't use fresh ingredients, so i'll have to retool my recipes accordingly.
@lz: i still have a bottle of sriracha at home...i need to start using that more. mind you, i primarily use it on pizza...and in chili...and that's about it. might make some ribs soon, and put some on those. or chicken wings. just take the sriracha, and add some other items(possibly bbq sauce)....stop making me hungry!!!
16 oz is bigger, yeah, but it's about the size of a sriracha bottle so it should still work.
we should have a lottery pool. each person does the lottery in their  state and we share the winnings. ` lz, that's not very nice. and if they're a smaller place there's not going to be much flexibility in bottles available. but at least you found a local bottler! that just seems like quite a bit of hot sauce.
i haven't won any lottery yet.
why are we worrying about this? we won the lottery and are now hermits like mill burray!
i needs to get some of that sauce....
they don't work in 5 oz glass bottles, though. they use 16 oz plastic bottles.
i found a local bottler that will work with me!
gm, yes, if they are making the demands, that's extortion. if you make the offer and they accept, you get charged with bribing a public official/jury tampering, and they get charged with corruption.
but you're not the corrupt one, the one taking the "persuasion" is. they can use some of the persuasion to help pay off corruption fines.
@lz: wouldn't it be black mail if they offered to put my case through only if i paid them a sum of money?
actually, the charge for taking bribes is corruption
black mail is specific. you'd need good evidence for that. or just hire someone to blackmail them in turn. it only takes $25,000 to hire an assassin on the internet...
@zem: if they needed persuasion, i would take them to court in turn. and keep going until the charges of harassment and black mail(probably the best charge available for that) go through.
gm, and then use your millions to "persuade" the jury and judge? ;)
@geist: i would just charge them with harassment if they didn't stop after being asked to stop pestering me.
i'll be the beer taster. what do you mean he doesn't have that position?
i would just hang a sign on my door, or the side of my desk, saying the majority of the money has been put towards research of some kind(actually state what type, even if it's a lie). i don't think that would stop people from bugging you about having some of your winnings. the pull of easy money would be too great.
hey! i placed the first order for hot sauce... not even an honourable mention? t_t
can i be the lead unofficial taste-tester as well as whatever other job results in you paying me exorbitant amounts of money to do virtually nothing all day but eat hot sauce? spice contractor?
well...i guess that would suffice.
@gm: you can be #2. i'm lead.
@lz: can i be your lead taste tester?
i'd build my castle and make my hot sauce dreams come true.
bakhan, i'd certainly love to be like bill. does he teach classes on eccentricity?  i'd still take phone calls, help out family (my family isn't the kind to pester, even if one of us won the lottery), and support fledgling kickstarters in full, especially awesome looking movies like ginosaji.
@zem, who wouldn't want to be bill murray? lolz.  no i'd be the same person i am right now, just taking zero bs, and phone calls!
i would just hang a sign on my door, or the side of my desk, saying the majority of the money has been put towards research of some kind(actually state what type, even if it's a lie).
i don't think you'd want to go back to your job after so many people know that you've won a lot of money. it would be distracting as people would constantly come up to you with business ideas and other dreams that they would want you to fund.
@zem: travel is definitely what would be top priority, after new phone number and social media accounts. then disappear for a year, or two. not sure if i would quit my job...i might go crazy in retirement at this age.
i would definitely travel. that's just a given with my family. we'd be meeting up at random all around the world.
i'd go and backpack for the remainder of my days. nothing pricey. i'd stay in cheaper motels and just meet people. (i wouldn't tell them of my win fall, of course) i might just do that one day if my plans for medical school turn out the way i want them to.
i would just retire. buy a small house and live comfortably for the rest of my life. if it were only like 2 million, i'd get a small, easy job, but otherwise if possible i'd never work again. marry rich or something.
@geist: i would do the same. new number, new social media accounts, and pretty much everything would change except myself. other than going on more exotic vacations(african safari for a month? why not!)
bakhan, you'd become bill murray?  ` geist, you never do hear about the people who win and are responsible with their money. however, the majority of lottery players are lower middle class or below, meaning they've likely never had experience dealing with large sums of money and would only want to spend it all. either that or hoard it all in a bank account and never touch it unless the car needs fixing. i would honestly be happy with $60,000 so i didn't have to worry about my student loans with wells fargo after graduation.
@bakhan: most lotteries here in the us are public as well. personally, i'd change every single number listed and move all of my stuff out before the information leaked. that way, if any moocher wanted to get in contact with me, they will have to spend their money on a private investigator. *goes hunting for my passport*
@geist, nope, we don't get that privilage, its all quite public.  that being said, for anyone calling me for money, a) there is a nopezilla waiting for them, and b) they can leave a message with my personal assistant (the only person that would have my phone number)!
@gm: do you also get to remain anonymous? i don't want to win the lottery only to have everyone who ever knew me or went to school with me start calling me up looking for money. i'm still amazed at the case in west virginia of the man who won the lottery only to have his only granddaughter die from an overdose, his wife divorce him and he goes from being an upstanding christian to a strip club lout in about a year.
@geist: that's where the canadian lottery system is better. we get practically all the winnings.
i'll be happy to win 2 million. (after taxes) that would be enough for me.
i still have two from last week i didn't check for the lotto max, i think 50 mil would do... ;)
i should check my lottery tickets(i have 3 from the past 3-4 weeks). might have one a coffee or something.
yeah. i don't play the lottery, though, which means my chances of winning are slightly lower than anyone else's
@lz, i hear that... just one lucky lottery ticket away... ;)
i just need an endless weekend
good morning corps!
you speak the truth gm.
@geist: it will come soon enough, but remember. the sooner it gets here, the sooner it's over. we don't want that now, do we?
*mumblegrumbleblech* i need the weekend to happen now.
if you're wondering, he said " lost in time, and lost in space and meaning". not exactly the easiest reference, especially when it's applied to an iodine atom attached to an axial position on cyclohexane, but a reference nonetheless.
i feel pointless. my professor said a reference to rocky horror picture show and i didn't know it! i need to watch it again. movie party, anyone? it could work online. maybe streaming the movie so we can all watch it and comment to eachother.
well at least i didn't have anything to catch up on here in all that time i was in omaha for a group project. found out one of the other guys in the group is like exactly like me: never gets cold, loves switzerland mostly because of an exchange student (both named thomas), skis/snowboards at copper mountain each year, love some of the same music, drive crazy... kinda creeped me out when he said he snowboards at copper. that was just getting too exact.
hot-sauce! hot-sauce!
woo! hot sauce! can't wait to taste it.
@lz, huzzah! can't wait for some sauce!
zem, that is sad. i'll help you with that soon.
lz, my sandwich is distinctly not spicy today. it makes me sad.
huzzah! for all of that. yay for cat poop! i did not expect to say that when i woke up this morning. still not as good as yesterday when my roommate said about the holes in the wall the ants are coming in through "i wish i could put some caulk in the holes in the wall. wow. i never thought i'd have to say that." (make sure to say it out loud so you get the full effect of your co-workers staring at you)
bakhan and gm! your sauce is on its way!
*claps* yippie that leo is getting better!
it's great that he's improving.
his eyes are still blue - i hope they stay!!!  and his two little nuggets are getting ready to drop.  fur growing back in (he had bald patches)... he's a fighter for sure.
wrote a message, leo decided to type as well.  may have sent, still not sure!  but thanks for the warm thoughts.  it's been a rough go these past few weeks/days.  he's been in a lot of pain, crying, looking at me for help.  a few nights i had to sit with him as he pushed against me trying to pass everything.  it was so stressful.  :(
you are correct bakhan. i'm not sure what is happening but i'm 100% positive it has to do with a procedure with the new system they have in place. as long as it has nothing to do with me. i got halloween stuff to get still plus i want to purchase a blendtec sometime in december. i want to start making my own almond and tigernut milks.
our cfo and ceo don't even work on the same building. ceo is in houston, and cfo is here. they also get along quite well. hell, the cfo gets along with everyone in the office.
hi creeper!
@geist, wasn't the cfo the one trying to get you in sh*t the other day?  if so, good! although, it would be a bit disturbing... longevity of job wise...
the ceo and the cfo of our company has just spent the last hour or so screaming at each other. a little disturbing since my monday started so peaceful. i'm just glad it wasn't at me.
thats great news creeper!
glad to hear little leo is doing much better. i love the thought of him snuggled under your hoodie when he was last at the vet.
he's finally clearing out his system.  and now he feels the need to scale my leg while i'm getting his food ready.  also tries to gnaw off my feet....
you guyyysss... leo had a day of glorious poo yesterday!  it was very exciting for all of us.  except for when i woke up, reach for my phone and instead felt a nice little pile of nuggets....
@creeper: as do most people. and how are you and little leo doing today?
i usually say "worschttereshertererrrrshher"
in the us, we pronounce it "worst-er-sheer"
apparently, it's supposed to be pronounced wor-che-sher. i always pronounce it wor-ches-ter-shire.
wor shister shister sauce! i can never say it right. it's more like wor *cough* ter sauce... ;)
gm, glad to hear you don't have a problem with worcestershire
well i for once have a busy day, so i won't be in here too much.
@zem: i'm waiting for files to start the payroll...so i might actually get out at a decent time(caught up on 99% of things i need/needed to do finally).
also, you guys are really chatty this morning! too bad i won't be around for most of today. that sucks for me.
the world can never have too much garlic. dang it, now i'm hungry already! gm, nothing can make me like mushrooms; i've tried. ` so they're finally going to spray the ants now that it's their third time coming here and they realize it's not going to be fixed that easy. i really hope they're done for this time.
definitely underused everywhere i couldn't agree with you more. i made my own salad dressing this morning with olive oil, dijon mustard, lemon juice, salt, pepper and garlic. a little more than what the recipe called for but that is why i have a toothbrush and toothpaste in my desk at work.
mmm...garlic. definitely underused everywhere. when i was working in the last restaurant, we used tons of puree garlic and sambal. put that with roasted mushrooms(and here's a note - i hate mushrooms for their texture) that have salt, pepper, coriander and fennel seed(pepper, coriander and fennel a ground together), and i will actually enjoy them.
@geist, as i've said before, you're welcome anytime!
you had me at "garlic" bakhan. *makes a mental note to haunt bakhan's house this holiday season*
@geist, so i tried a different glaze for my ham this year, i normally just do a honey mustard, but this time i added minced garlic, oh baby!  that was some sweet ass ham!
plus i need to get started cooking various soups and stews for the dead of winter season. if i get snowed in this year or in january, i expect to be prepared.
speaking of thanksgiving, now i want some ham. the real kind, not the crap that the grocery stores sell in package slices.
@gm, whatever time works for you really.  if you want to see me play, then probably by 9pm anyways.  people tend to show up at all different times.  if you're bored, come over early and i'll put you to work! ;)
@bakhan: speaking of saturday...what time should we be showing up?
i could go for a nap right about now.
with all the talk of christmas stuff, and being reminded to spend your money right away(black friday really is stupid...), i'm glad my family just spends the day together playing board games, card games, watching movies, and getting the turkey ready to eat.
i always forget you guys wait till just about christmas before you have thanksgiving.  we have to do it earlier or no one would be thankfull.... ;)
@geist: we'll see. i got told last night that i'm supposed to be online(ps4) tonight by a certain time, because the guy who is unreliable at getting on in time for our weekly raiding wants to do it twice a week now....yet monday's are the absolute worst for me to be on by a specific time.
@lz: i've never had problems with worcestershire sauce in the past. i think it's party in the way it's processed.
morning gm. i hope the day goes by quickly and peacefully for you.
also, good morning kittens.
@bakhan: i don't mind what you call me. i've responded to some...interesting...names over the years. i even responded when someone called me george(working in a boston pizza kitchen at the time).
@bakhan: back in the day, they didn't start the christmas stuff until after thanksgiving. nowadays, they start in the middle of october. i kinda get annoyed with that since i don't know anyone who starts buying christmas decorations before halloween.
no, trust me, bakhan, it's getting earlier and earlier. they finally hit a boundary of thanksgiving, but they decided to advertise before advertising for halloween and putting a shopping day right after thanksgiving here to remind people that they should spend all their money now. i hate it absolutely. i love the holiday, but the commercialism is horrifying. there're no thanksgiving ads anymore, just straight from halloween to christmas.
@geist, i think it gets worse, the less excited we are for christmas.  i doubt it was much different when we were kids, we were just more excited for it then.... oh well, at least there will be some good christmas movies to help us out.
looks like the exploding puppies campaign is a lock to be the first knock off that gets funded. good luck to them and the backers.
if you think that is bad bakhan, i've been seeing christmas merchandise since the middle of october. now that is early. i'm grateful i haven't heard any christmas music yet but that will change once halloween is over with.
@geist, not so fast! we've got halloween first!
good morning corps!
morning kittens. only 7 days until we turn the clocks back one hour and enter a new month. i'm looking forward to getting an extra hour of sleep.
huh, guess i wasn't the only one with a busy day.
ale, check the newest update. ` i like how we can say that now instead of having to detail everything.
am i the only one yet to receive their reward? thanks
*yawn* happy end-of-the-weekend. work is tomorrow and all i want to do is stay in bed and sleep.
yeah, the next tier up costs $100 more
maybe if you pitch in for priority shipping, but that's really expensive and rarely worth it..
@lz, no worries... it would have been awesome, but it's all good! it will taste amazing either way when i get it!
the ups store closed 15 minutes before i got your number. they said it wouldn't go out until monday anyway, so you won't get it by halloween.
did i mention i can't wait for some hot sauce?
given!
bakhan, i need your phone number
@lz, you've got mail!
the burgers that is. well, my family too, but they're not bison burgers.
on another note, it's my brother's birthday (party) today, and he wanted bison burgers. that should be interesting! i love them.
lz, you should have made a wasabi-based one for fish! that would have gone well. better to stick with a few more regular ones for now, though. ` well, the huskers got what they deserved. we had the '95 team here to watch, the greatest of all husker history, especially defense, and they had to watch us literally let the other team jog into within 10 yards of the endzone twice in the first quarter on a return. after that, i knew it was going to be one of those days. we had a bright moment when we kicked them into their own endzone and got 2 points, but that was it. we lost by 2 more. they ran down the last 2 minutes on the clock right in our faces.
i imagine he'll just call you bakhan, as well.
i think i'm going to have a hard time calling gm, owen... i hope he doesn't mind! ;)
now you have
currently on an apartment cleaning streak. anyone wanna clean my tub? i hate doing it.
i never got a response back from you lz. i'd love to try the fish sauce as i will be ordering some tuna steaks within the next couple of weeks.
the weekend hits and everyone disappears...
cause the "fish" sauce can be used for more than just fish. and it has no fish in it, unlike the mad cow....
i need answers only he can definitively provide. answers that will affect what the cost is...
where is that guy?
also, doubt he would need the fish hot sauce.
@lz, gm said he was allergic to 99% of what comes out of the ocean, so i would think worcester  sauce would be out. :(
yeah, i have to get up early to make some mad cow before my 20 mile bike ride.
oh wait, i have to be up early in the morning. dang it. it's the weekend! i need to be able to stay up late! well, i still could, it just won't work out well.
haha. i thought i heard the guy in the room across the hall from mine having sex one day (well, let's say i'm pretty sure at least his girlfriend was), but this time they were hiding it so well i could hear it all the way in my room. at least now my roommate is convinced as well.
exactly
i know hot sauce is probably the biggest food niche market next to craft microbrewing, so if only we can find a way to get the word out there, i know you'll do pretty well for an individual-run first-time food kickstarter. especially with the experience learned from the well oiled ek machine. and who could resist ambidextrous, eu friendly flannel sleeve stretch goals?!
yep. i just need to order more. they'll be here within a few days
cheap, simple, and easy. the minimalist approach to beginner entrepreneurship. ;) though i can see where your bottling problems could come from. not the easiest to package. at least they're cheap for if you need to get alot of them quick.
i'm using 5 oz woozy bottles
sucks that these wint-o-green lifesaver mints i got are bad somehow. i love those as a little snack. sweet, powerful, and almost nothing in them. and a couple of them can last me a long period of time. plus, they get me to drink even more water because i love how cold water and wintergreen go together. these ones are like they were left outside for a month. i'll have to get new ones.
just watching an awesome lecture by brian brushwood, an internet magician and so much more, from his campus touring days. it's really cool and well done. called scams, sasquatch, and the supernatural where he talks about the history and truth behind all sorts of scams, pseudoscience, and other forms of predictions and divinations. worth the watch. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
wow, plenty of comments here! what kind of bottles are you using? shouldn't be hard to find more, but like what size and shape? just curious.
i have enough for 4 or 5 more bottles
actually, after it has been cooked, i think it will work. i have four bottles of the experimental flavor. there's more to be bottled, but i only have 4 more empty bottles, and i need to put mad cow in those.
but it's too late for this batch.
i may end up leaving the cinnamon out all together.
there, i think that will do.
i know, right?
by the time you finally add everything to the right amount, you'll have that minimum bottling order already!
damn! too much of that spice!
and thanks! let's hope the rest of the world thinks so.
ok, i have the spice level right now. now to get the garlic level back where it needs to be....
i am very excite, though. you're amazing for doing all this!
i would say that just means it needs more spice (or cowbell), but with fish, it shouldn't be too spicy. maybe just above her comfort level. just slightly less spicy, if at all. it has to be hot, after all. and too much lemon can be just as bad. not to try to tell you how to do your job, just my thoughts on the subject. you can always use less if it's too much for you or more if you want it.
the third is the fish one. it tastes great. my wife coughed when i had her taste it. she says it's way too hot. i thought it was perfect. i'm broken, though. i need to get more lemon juice to dilute it out.
so 3 kinds to test so far? let's see, the mad cow bbq and the like, the... inferno(?) was the all-purpose. what's the new one you've nearly finished? too bad i don't have these this weekend. tomorrow is my little brother's birthday party, and he wanted bison burgers. perfect opportunity! and tons of people to try them. oh well, they'll get around for certain. maybe we should hire an official food tester.
dude, i'm a frikken genius!
oh, by that, i mean they don't believe he drank 156 beers (16 gallons, 73 liters). it's alot, but there were plenty of witnesses.
don't worry, zem. i haven't forgotten you. i'm developing a new flavor now!
haha! i love the internet. so many people who don't think andre the giant could set the world record for alcohol consumption, despite him being  7'4" (2.24 m) tall, 550 lb (250 kg). he wasn't a human, he was a giant. plus he was active and healthy as a wrestler and had just had a large dinner, so he could stand even more of it, not to mention he was famous for being a drunk (taking 2 bottles of vodka to make him "warm and fuzzy"). even so, he passed out in the lobby after drinking all that from being so drunk and nobody could move him because he was so freaking huge, so they just left him there for a few hours until he woke up.
lz, what about mine? i'll have 1 of each. ` chem club was awesome. we were supposed to have 30 people for this event like last year, but we only had 6 members, 3 executives, and 5 professors come, and 3 of the professors left before we had pizza. so what 30 people were supposed to have was left to basically 10. plenty for dobby! got to take home basically half a pizza!
bakhan, when you read your email, keep in mind that full price for 9 bottles is $45
oh, i use worcestershire in one of them. is that a problem for gm?
@lz, yep! sounds good! hot sauce! hot sauce!
so that's three bottles for gm and six for bakhan, yes?
i'm late. i'm late! for a club meeting, so not a very important date, but still, i don't have long to get there. now watch as nobody's here when i get back.
i at least had a bunch of meetings today. one thing those are good for is passing the time. unless they're the kind in which you don't say anything. the ones today weren't that kind, though.
i've got a half hour left, but today has been crawling!  haven't really accomplished anything... would have rather just stayed home tbh... oh well, i can see the weekend and i just dgaf!
i might just take off a half hour early
my entire afternoon has been slow. absolutely nothing left to do(even have everything i've received for the pay period that ends on halloween ready). plus, i think i ate too much at lunch, and i've been rather tired all afternoon.
one more hour! i hate the last hour of friday. it always goes so slow!
*waves at creeper* how is the little nugget?
howdy, greetings, and hot sauce salutations, creeper! how've you been?
@creeper: hello! how is the little guy doing today?
@creeper, hey! i'm good, how are you doing?
checking in with some kitten love.  hope all is well!
well it's a joke quote thing. just see it later. not actually from there, but you'll understand later. ` you have an awesome cfo then! maul might be my favorite character.
i just checked it out on my phone, not bad. nerd rage would be imminent with lots of boring people.
not here either...
...9gag isn't liked on the work computers.
from my favorite book, the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy! http://9gag.com/gag/a4lxery
@zem: as in we're watching the movies, and seeing similarities between some characters and our executive team. darth maul is our cfo.
i shot a lion in the jungle. how he got there, i'll never know.  lions aren't the first people to be king of a place they've never been.
gm, you mean like chameleon and how he and his group are extras in a bunch of movies like galaxy quest and jurassic world? or like they edited themselves into it to make them seem more awesome. i mean, it's their workplace after all, they can force you to watch it.
@bakhan: i think he more wanted to know the time we should probably show up. but that works too. xd
@gm, what do you want to know? we'll have anywhere upside of 30 people, maybe as many as 50.  the ages will be mixed between early 20's through 50's.  normally in the early evening people bring their kids and then take off around 7 or so, but that may be different this year because it is on halloween.  my band will be playing around 9 or so, and then after that we will be opening it up for a free jam for who ever is interested.  we will have various assorted treats, snacks, and vittles, etc.  there are several different areas to hang out, sun room, living room, basement, fire pit, etc.  who knows, maybe i can sneak in a few minutes for a quick game of ek?  i'm not sure what else you want to know?
@bakhan: could i get more info on the party? my friend is pestering me about it. xd
@lz: one of each type would be awesome. and we ended up starting with episode 1, and got to just after they get the pod working. and we realized our executive team...is in the movies.
@lz, oh it would be for sure.  as it is, we're going to be pushing it... i'll enjoy it no matter when we get it, but would love to have it for halloween!  i will even advertize it as lz's spooky sauce!
i think ups is faster than usps anyway.
@lz, them or fedex... usps would be okay, except they have to hand it off to canada post, who blow...
is ups the best courier to get stuff to you?
i'll be getting shipping info on that today or tomorrow, bakhan. you want two of each, how many does gm want?
the best order is, episode iv, epsiode v, episode vi.  thats it.
i don't, lz. just go chronological. it's good enough for time itself, it's good enough for me. and then you don't miss out on most of jar jar's hilarious antics!
@gm, thats great news! now if only we had some hot sauce...
i like the machete order for star wars
@bakhan: i was just informed that my friend has gotten halloween off. you can expect both of us there. :d
wow, i've only seen this much controversy in comments on posts about hating america and guns! oh, and 90s kids posts. those things are flame wars.  http://9gag.com/gag/apbdw2p
wow, seeing alot of memes about the new canadian pm on the interwebs. alot of pictures showing he's basically a frat boy.
i don't have time to eat until 2:30 on fridays, but i'm fine with that since the lines are way smaller. actually, at that time, you're unlucky if there're 3 people ahead of you! doesn't mean i'm not hungry though. but since my dining halls close friday night through sunday for whatever reason, it does help so i don't need such a big supper, maybe ramen or something. unless i'm feeling fancy, in which case chipotle.
ok, but i'm still going to imagine it's war wonton...
i may be getting chicken wings from the buffet place near my work.
please do, so i can eat vicariously!  get something crazy tasty!
i should go grab food...my usual breakfast isn't holding me at an acceptable fuel level right now.
ahhhh! i see, that makes much more sense!
well, we're going to be watching them in order, just spreading each movie out across multiple sessions.
that could be tough figuring out which 30-45 mins of each movie... that would create a huge debate amongst my friends for sure!
what, not to spoil that anikin becomes vader?  annie are you ok...
because of the new one coming out in december. we're going to be watching like 30-45min at a time of the original 3. don't think they're going to do episodes 1-3 though.
that sounded backwards. the amazing thing is that the star wars movie got the same amount, if not more, of hype as back to the future, a day that's been awaited for 26 years now.
i love how for back to the future day, there was at least as much hype about the star wars movie as there was about a day in a famous movie nearly 30 years ago.
have a marathon the day before it comes out. well, you may have to start 2 days before, but you get the idea.
@gm, thats awesome!  what prompted that (not that there needs to be a reason past: because starwars!)
i may be watching some of star wars at lunch today...we're procuring the board room for it too. xd
@geist, enjoy!
i'm off to the sober goodbye lunch. catch you kittens later on.
@gm, thats the right spelling!  that stuff is nasty and awesome all at the same time.
geist, how about the ginosaji's spoon? ;)  remember, i directed you all to the video and campaign several times, but some perks in the campaign have silver spoons with pictures on them. i only have enough money for jack, but i want the one with the ginosaji too! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/richardgale/ginosaji-the-horribly-slow-murderer-movie-project/description when that becomes a movie, those will be horror collectors' items as well.
@gm: i only want that knife as a horror collectors item. i wouldn't use it in the kitchen.
@geist: that is a pretty sweet knife, but from personal experience, buying knives online isn't the best idea, since you really should try holding it first to see if it is comfortable to hold.
@geist, i wouldn't be a proper ks user if i wan't enabling people! ;)
i will have to check, i bought it at the hard rock hotel and casino in punta cana. i will check tonight what brand it is. i also bought (and i'm sure the spelling is wrong) mama-juana.
@gm, what brand? the stuff i got was ron barcelo, 25 year aged, so smooth, so delicious!
thanks a lot bakhan! talking of halloween stuff tempted me to do a little shopping search and i found this. my checking account hates you. http://www.williams-sonoma.com/products/kai-skull-knife/…|
...i tend to pick up alcohol, and not open it for a long time. i think i still have a bottle of red wine from when i was in portugal may 2008. i should check to see if it's still unopened, and probably open it(think i was saving it for a special occasion...i think becoming an uncle is a good enough reason). i think i also have an after dinner wine too from the same trip...
@bakhan: i have some rum i picked up in the dominican....haven't opened it, it's still sealed in the plastic wrap(came with a cigar which is still in there).
@geist, i think that the main reason marriages fail, is they rushed into it.  my wife and i dated for three years and lived together for two before we got married.  i'm not one to rush into big decisions.  also, marriage isn't something you can slack about, you need to be invested, and spend time making it happen.  i think many people get "used" to it and stop trying. one thing i've discovered is that romance isn't something that just happens, it takes an almost diabolical level of planning!
@gm, if its good rum, you wouldn't want to dilute it with coke... ;)  i used to have some really good rum i picked up in the dominican, alas, it didn't last... ;)
that is good to hear bakhan. i get tired of hearing when marriages last only a few months or years before getting a divorce. or of people in a marriage but are miserable. it's good to know someone who is happily married.
@geist: call ahead, and give them a code word to be said to your server to make your "coke" a rum and coke.
@geist, lol! i get it, i like her in both ways! ;)  i won't get all gushy, but she's wicked awesome!
and to make matters worse, the luncheon is being held at a rum restaurant. why the hell are we having it there if we can't have some of the rum???? *pouts*
@geist: i've had shots on lunch, beers, wine(not all three at the same lunch). heck, when i was in school we went to the moxies' right next to the school and had a shot on my friends birthday during out 15min break. teacher even knew we did it, and didn't care because we were the ones that didn't pay attention but did good on all projects/tests.
@bakhan: i like your wife more and more. (not in that kind of way!!!)
morning gm. if it weren't for the fact that the only restaurant that serves booze is so close to the office, believe me, i would pop over for a beer or two on my lunch hour. i've done it before at the last job i had in d.c. as long as i wasn't slurring my words or walking sideways, no body knew.
@geist, oh shoot, i don't know, she has a bagillion of them!
*perk* did you say halloween website? which is it?
in reality, its probably some insurance/liability type thing... so sad.  the laws took away all the fun! not saying anyone should get hammered at lunch, but a drink, where's the harm? oh well.
good morning kittens! @geist: probably because bosses don't believe that employees can hold their drink(even if they limit it to just one a person) at lunch. or as bakhan said, a leftover from prohibition.
@geist, probably some left over from prohibition... ;) @zem, and the rest of the day to yourself!
'murica! top o' the mornin'.
ok, change of plans. looks like i'm going to the luncheon after all. the only thing about american office luncheons that i'm disappointed about is that you can't have a drink. when i was working for a foreign government, it was not unusual to have a beer or a cocktail when out celebrating. hell, we had plenty of booze in the office when celebrating someone leaving or a holiday. don't know why us yanks are so wimpy when it comes to having some wine with lunch.
one of the guys in the band introduced my wife to a new halloween website, all i could say was jeez thanks... xp
even better? most of the office is going out to lunch so i will get most of the place to myself. i think i'll do some halloween window shopping.
good morning corps!
@geist, good morning! glad to hear things are looking up!
morning kittens and happy friday! my supervisor is out of the office and it's still warm outside. hopefully this will be enough to make up for the crappy monday i had this week.
it's always so quiet at night. and that's the time i'm here most.
sure you are. now i feel like i won't sleep forever, but that shouldn't matter since tomorrow's only friday, so i probably don't need much sleep.
it's okay, i'm talking about the official fencing clothing.
nap time! i probably don't need it now after the 10 minute doze, but nothing will stop me!
... keep that to yourself, lz.
ooh! my knickers are cold!
i nodded off for 10 minutes during a stream. i knew i needed a nap, but there's stuff! i guess i'll take a half hour nap after it's done.
lolz!
most importantly, will it blend?!
@lz, more importantly, can they help make sauce? ;)
well what are assistants for? tell them to find some great candidates for a brand new assistant's job! (obviously don't tell them it's their job. that would make you a jerk)
zem, it was hard work getting an assistant. i'll be patient. this time...
well...i was just able to recover money that almost got paid out to an ex-employee. turns out, we did pay him in error last period though. thankfully the transaction didn't get completed yet, and we were able to remove him from it(and we are going to try and get him to pay back what was paid in good faith, worst that can happen? he says no).
all this talk of food is making me thirsty. i hear the dining hall is nice this time of day. darn you all! i want that food! this morning, though, my hall had like a special breakfast with so much really good stuff. pretty sure i ate 4 times as much as i do normally for breakfast, i.e. like 1 egg, some bacon if it's there, maybe a biscuit, who knows. usually just like two or three things.
lz, there's only one course of action: fire them.
sounds pretty familiar, just sub seafood with nuts.
ah-ha! i found out who made errors while reconciling! it was my assistant!
technically i should carry an epipen due to the allergies...but my way of ensuring i'm safe is making stuff from scratch, avoiding ordering anything that potentially has seafood when i'm out(having the sait culinary schooling helps here), and informing servers when i do go out somewhere with that potential of said allergy.
oh yeah, and my wife is a doctor, so there's that too ;)
@gm, no worries, that is the only seafood item there.  as i have a nut allergy, everything i make is 100% from scratch and i am very carefull about cross contamination.  i promise it will be safe for you.  just incase it comes down to it, i have a couple of epipens kicking around and i'm only 8mins from the hospital.
as long there is stuff that is seafood free(allergy to 99% of things from the seas).
i'm also making a bacon wrapped stuffed shrimp that night! oh god! i can't stop thinking about food right now! ahhh!
@geist, i'll post some pics of the various treats from my halloween party on the forum for sure!
@lz, great minds think alike! (probably mediocre ones too...)
that chili cheese bread sounds similar to my stuffed rolls.
that is what i get for ordering one from a chain restaurant. (jerry's subs and pizza)
i won't even eat a philly cheese steak in public, if its made properly i make way too much mess, and need a new shirt after. ;)
why did i eat that meh philly cheese steak? (without hot sauce, i might add)
bakhan, that just sounds illegal. nothing should be that good. i'm calling the police.
one of my brothers once had to ask the restaurant to fix his pizza because it was too spicy. to be fair, i think the sauce had a little spice in it, but seriously. pizza. he's not normally that bad, though he's the weakest for sure in our family. funnily enough, his girlfriend ate 10 incredibly, scarily hot peppers at a great chinese restaurant once just to prove to herself she could.
@bakhan: i wanna see some pics of that in the kc forum.
@gm, i tried to find a picture on google and nope! nobody makes it like i do (yay!).  i roll the dough out, add cheese and meat and then more cheese to the centre 1/3 of it.  then i cut 1" strips on the other 2/3's and then bring them across the middle and join them.  when it bakes up with all that cheese oozing out everywhere, sweet mercy!  i normally make two of them and put them together to make a rib cage.  its scary good!
i love me some hot sauce. my parents make chili, which has some bite, but nowhere near what i like. i always get out the hot sauce when they make it before tasting it.
i know some people who use tomato ketchup as hot sauce.
at the job i was at before this one, my cubicle was near the kitchen. the smells that would come out of there were either a blessing or a curse. i'm so glad that i'm not anywhere near a microwave now.
@gm, that would really suck!  i love peppers, they just taste so damn good.  don't get me wrong, i'm not a super spicy guy, you wouldn't find me snacking on a habenero or anything, but a little in moderation, is soooo nice!
@bakhan: i know someone whose mouth feels like it's on fire when she eats bell peppers. but that's 99% likely it's an allergy.
sitting anywhere in our offices in the afternoon is a bad thing, there is always a 90% chance of someone making some popcorn. and you had me at chilli cheese.
i'm more intersted in spreading the sauce... ;) but yeah, that too!  sadly most of the people i know find oatmeal spicy, so i don't know how much business i can drum up, but i'll give it a go!
yea, verily!
yeah, definitely. spread the word, i say!
if i can get that sauce in time, i'm going to add it to my famous chilli cheese bread for halloween! god i want to eat some food right now! sitting beside the office microwave probably isn't helping... oh well....
@gm, if its cool with lz, its cool with me! sauce!!!
cinemasins is awesome. i've always heard the paranormal activity series sucked, but never wanted to watch them. now, thanks to him, i know just how much they suck in 1/10th or so of the time! and he's at least funny. those movies aren't even so bad they're funny, they're just bad. wonder what people will think of them in 30 or 40 years.
hmm...i wouldn't mind getting in on that saucy action. i could even slip some dolla' bills into bakhan's hand as we shake hands to cover the cost.
it's because he threatened to send them to your personal email, so the work email knew it had to do something quick and let them through.
lolz!
oh, hey! it decided to let me have bakhan's emails! i think i'll stick with the personal email address, though, to be on the safe side.
@lz, okay, i sent an email to your personal account.  hopefully this isn't some sort of conspiricy to prevent me from getting delicious hot sauce! i needs me some sauce!
ah, ok, lz. that makes sensei. ` better than random canadians searching nsfw (or so the block assumes) things in russian? i don't think you know our cia!
@zem, i'm a nobody in canada, i'm sure the cia has better things to do... well i would hope so anyways... ;)
zem, yes. but yours went to my personal email
our web block stops any searches related to alcohol from going through. made our receptionists job difficult for the christmas party last year.
bakhan, they're just waiting for the cia to get there. just wait. lz, did you get mine?
sometimes i like to have fun with the web block program that my company uses.  the funniest thing is translate what you are looking for into a different language, russian works well.  search under that language, and then translate the page to english, voila! hehe!
company emails, and wifi, are very strict. some more so than others. i'm just glad i can be on here on the work computer rather than my phone.
my company filtered it. i'll never get it.
also, lz, you'll probably get his email some time next year. it took all summer, about 4 months total, for an email a friend sent me to arrive for no reason. it literally had to move less than 50 feet in one direction and got lost. my uncle went on a missionary trip to madagascar and got an important text about 2 years later one time when we were at a christmas thing.
well i'm not there yet, thankfully. so i only really need to check it 3 or 4 times per day just to be sure. i get most things around mid-day, but some professors are absentminded.
zem, you're never done with emails for the day. especially once you're out in the workforce. you will be getting emails all day regarding work, then at night you check your personal email, and see it flooded with crap.
just when i thought i was done with emails for the day.
zem, yes. send me an email.
caught up! productive day. now to do nothing for the rest of it.
lz, can i get in on that sweet, hot deal?!
bakhan, aside from the crazy crashes of gasoline trucks, someone in our town died tragically 2 years ago because he was driving a concrete truck and didn't stop at the tracks. i think everyone learned their lessons.
pot, one time when a lane was blocked for construction, i was with my dad, who was driving, and he went halfway into the closed lane so people wouldn't pass everyone. most people didn't, but one person must've been late for their court date that meant life or death or been the sultan of brunei or something because he was freaking entitled. he drove 2/3 of the way off the road (on a rainy day) to get by. if someone wants to get ahead that much, don't get in their way.
geist, blendtecs are awesome! i've seen every will it blend pretty much since they've been made and put on youtube.
@lz: done!
bakhan, yes, send it to the one below. i emailed you from my work email yesterday, and it seems to be blocking your email for some reason.
@lz, should i send it to the one below instead?
@lz, i replied to the one you sent me, which is your work email, i believe.
hmmm. i know my email is working, as well. did you send it to my work email or my gmail? geist, send me an email at lordzombitten at gmail dot com
@geist, i've never heard of blendtec before.  the biggest thing is the blade configuration and the horse power.  for absolutely pulversizing things you need 1hp, most are lower, 1/2 or 3/4hp.  i have a health master blender.  its basically a commercial blender, cast iron asembly, 316ti stainless steel blades (thats titanium and stainless steel), it is very kick ass!
just got the reply. the widget on my phone doesn't update properly...but the outlook app i have send me a buzz (almost)every time i get a new email. but not if it's in widget form...which is very odd and annoying.
how can i get in on some of that sauce lz?
@gm, got yours too, and sent you a reply!
@lz, hmmm i just sent you another one... i know my email is working...
bakhan, i never got your email. i don't know why the gods of electronic communications decided i didn't need it.
morning, corps!
@geist, i don't know about beach body, but i lost another 2.2 lbs yesterday! i'm now down 87.2lbs since the end of may!
morning bakhan. how is the beach body shaping up? i'm thinking of getting a blendtec blender for a xmas present. it should work better than my nutribullet at breaking down the hard greens i've been drinking.
rule 1 of the road(the way i was taught): always give right of way to the bigger vehicle that can't stop as easily as your small car(or train in this case).
awww. bye pot. stupid job has me busy today.
this has been fun, but i have a full day ahead.  i'm off boys and girls, play nice.
good morning corps!
@gm, i worked for cp rail for a year as a trainman, (the guy who spots the cars, turns the switches for the tracks, etc.) and the thing that used to kill me was the semi trucks thinking they could beat the train, like they were bigger or something.  heads up, nothing is bigger than the train!  as for the people, well, survival of the fittest i suppose!
@bakhan: i just sent you an email.
the same reason they race up a merging lane only to be stopped by traffic that won't let them on to the road.  impatience and a sense of entitlement.  pricks.
why do people think they can race a train, and beat it? just since yesterday evening two people have been killed by the trains here.
howdy gm.  good to see ya.
sorry i  haven't been around much.  i've been incredibly busy keeping up with the house, and travel, and taking care of our dog.
morning kittens! the boss is away, too bad i have no time to play. t.t
hiya geist!  how's things?
morning pot!
good morning kittens.
i want a blendtec blender for xmas. come on santa! make it happen! don't make me release the hounds like the last time you didn't give me my john oliver real doll.
well i have put my budget at 2k for my xmas present....lol so probably end up at like 1500 on the pc and 500 on whatever else...maby a new wood lathe or something
sims shouldn't take that much. but i think we should organize something like that. wouldn't take nearly any graphics at all.
you and me both doc. i want to play my sims game again and i need a laptop/desktop that will handle the graphics of the game.
i need to buy a new computer before game night should have one sometime at the end of the year lol (my xmas present to myself)
* yawn* morning kittens. it's going to be a spring like day so i'm going to spend my lunch hour enjoying it by taking a walk.
that's not a bad idea.
we need to have like game nights or something here. play some jackbox or pretendyourexyzzy (cah online) or something like that once a week.
you didn't get hit by my rick roll yesterday? ` i was watching a livestream playing an audience-participation type game on jackbox and i actually joined in for the last game and kicked butt. so much fun to pwn some stranger-friends on the internet live! also, did you know pwn isn't an incorrect word by this spell-checker? but pown is. how long has it been since that word was used?!
dammit! i just got rick rolled! innocently put on a halloween mix on you tube and bam! you can't be un-rick rolled! i need a shower...
guess not. i had time to meet with my group and a friend in that time.
so... i have an apple. anything else interesting happening?
http://www.msn.com/en-ca/news/offbeat/four-years-ago-this-video-game-predicted-justin-trudeau-would-become-prime-minister/ar-bbmiepk… and here's the story that i realized it from....time to replay that game!
apparently, the game deus ex: human revolution(released in 2011, produced by square enix/eidos montreal) predicted trudeau being pm. though, the game takes effect 16 years from now(could his son be the one they mention?)
i vaguely remember hearing something about those. i've never done one, though
oh yeah, happy back to the future day, everyone! it's the moment we've all been waiting for since we were kids. fax machines, "80s" cafes, and automatic shoes abound!
i had a paypal account....until it got hacked and i cancelled anything to do with that service.
i had a paypal account, i guess i could see if its still good. do you do email transfer in the states?  that would be the easiest way, for me... ;)
no, zem, there's not enough professor f for that.
lz, you want the social security number, proof of identity, proof of income, name of the high school he attended, name of his first pet, mother's maiden name, and fries with that?
oh wow, that's alot of comments for 10 minutes! what do you think this is, the final days of the campaign?!
i'm thinking paypal will be the easiest way to go, assuming you have a paypal account. otherwise, just give me your credit card info, along with the security code ;-p
why must i be like that, why must i chase the cat? must be the dog in me... ;)
@holly: huzzah! we're glad you like it!
@lz, sweet! i'll keep an eye out for it!
i'll need your address, though. my work email obviously has a grudge against you, so send it to lordzombitten (at) gmail (dot) com
i'll send you an email after i get info on shipping. i only have two flavors now. i'll probably have a third by this weekend.
basically i said, i'll take two of each, assuming you had four kinds.  how do i pay?
even though my dogs got a hold of the boxes, the game is great!
yeah. i have no idea why it isn't popping up.
@lz, thats weird, i sent it 30 mins ago....
suddenly the corps makes so much more sense! http://9gag.com/gag/a6lxpob
i still haven't received your email, bakhan. i wonder if it got held up in customs...
holy crap! the other florida company just got back with me. $1085 set-up fee per recipe and 300 gallon order minimum per recipe!
we really love this game! keep up the good work and make us proud!
hot sauce? you've summoned me from the depths of an incredibly busy day.
@lz, response sent!
@geist, i've been playing instruments since i was 9 or so.  most of the others, anything but bass and guitar don't get a lot of time anymore.  i practice bass daily and with my band two to three times a week.  it is a hobby, i don't make money doing it, but i love it!
bakhan, i just sent you an email.
@lz, hook me up!
that is quite a lot of instruments. where did you find the time to practice?
bakhan, you'll need hot sauce for the party.
i missed creeper?! awe, dang!
@geist, bass, i'm all about it!  although, i've been playing guitar much longer, also trumpet, clarinet, sax, and sitar (poorly though).
what instrument do you play bakhan?
hi creeper! you haven't been on much lately. the more time and money you spend on a pet to keep them around, the more you love them, usually. especially when they're that cute. geist, a go fund me? that would be a good idea.
hello creeper! my offer still stands in the "little leo vet fund".
@gm, sweet! my band will be playing, we've got lots of food, prepared by yours truly, and spare rooms, if you needed to stay the night.  it is going to be a great time! shoot me an email at grumpae(at)gmail(dot)com, i'll give you the details!
@bakhan: so, one of my friends may be able to get halloween off.
@creeper: pets can be expensive. but bring so much love into the house too.
@gm, mine may be empty.... @creeper, good to hear, still sending out the positive vibes! :)
he's curled up with me now. :)
he's a fighter!  we had another (expensive) vet visit.  he's still having trouble in the bathroom part of his life.  little buddha belly.  but he's all snugly and playful.  so that's good.
i have the crystal skull vodka too....still sitting in it's box, not opened(have had it for years now).
creeper! good to see you! how's the little guy?
@geist, i have the crystal vodka skull, and the sugar skull tequila bottles (can't remember the brand right now).  skulls are cool m'kay?
it's a wild creeper! where's my pokeball when i need it?
hi kittens!
@bakhan: there was a company that was suppose to sell an ouija vodka. don't know if they ever did. i wanted a bottle so bad to go in my collection.
well, the haunted house would be open all night long, and wouldn't want people to get wasted on it early on.
@geist, drunken spirits? ;)
have a haunted bar - no real liquor in it what!? no booze? no wonder it's haunted. the ghost are sober. fix that.
i like the cocktail shaker at the bottom(the black skull one). definitely want that for when i do the haunted house(have a haunted bar - no real liquor in it).
@geist, those are great!  i bought some lables a long time ago that you can put over your bottles that have some fun halloween themes.  not quite as cool as those though... ;)
@wojtek: check the latest update.
i purchased this a few hours ago. hope to have it in my home by halloween time. http://www.papyrusonline.com/gifts/halloween-gifts/deadly-pair-old-fashioned-glasses-set-of-2.html
hi, i'm still waiting for my kittens, where shall i go to find out about my order?
it was the only one to describe what i mean. you got the intended connotation. i win.
@zem, the other thing you could do is change when you eat your largest meal.  if you ate your largest meal at breakfast, then a smaller lunch, and a little bit of supper, then you have all day to work on those calories.  also, increase your green intake, try to have 1/4 protein, 1/4 carbs, and 1/2 vegitables and salads.  this will fill you up more, and lower your calorie intake as well.  i realize that the student lifestlye doesn't lend itself to doing this easily, but if you try, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way!
@zem: you used a forbidden word(at least in that context)! blasphemer! never use the word "active" in that way again. :p
unfortunately, my options are very limited in that regard. my best bet is to decrease intake over more times per day, as both of us said (though i guess i wasn't too clear) and be more active. not incredibly, but still. there's more to it than either of us are saying.
@zem, that method would actually back fire on you.  when you fast, you set your matabalism to store, not burn.  so going to on meal a day (or so) wouldn't rev you up enough to change from store to burn.  you'd probably, lose muscle and gain fat, worst case senario.  your better bet, would be to either juice fast, like i did/am, and then eat normally, or just decrease how much you eat at one time and increase the frequency.  the more often you eat a little bit, the higher your metabalism goes, the more calories it burns, all the time.
bakhan, that's quite a bit! i've been thinking of straight fasting for a week and then going the rest of that month with maybe one meal and a snack or two per day, plus anything else to cover malnutrition. did you know the longest time anyone went without food is actually something like 280 days? he was incredibly fat beforehand and a doctor fed him water with a specific mix of nutrients to stave off malnutrition, but he didn't eat the entire time. i forget how much he weighed, but he lost like twice my weight.
geist, use the booze to make a "molotov cocktail" for your exploding kitten, but then just pull out the rag and drink from the bottle instead of lighting it.
that moment when you see you got a 48 on an exam... but then find out the average was 47! last year i got a 36 on one and was scared for my life until i found the average was actually like 28.
@geist, you are more than welcome!
actually...i think i know exactly what i could go as...and the clothes i could wear year round....to the mall!...when i finish work. >.>
i could get some cat ears and a fake grenade and go as an exploding kitten. i'll even bring some booze over.
@bakhan: not sure if my friends are working that night(most of my friends are in service industry)
@gm, and, if you vouch for your friends, they can come too.  incase that might tip your decision... ;)
@gm, it is a costume party, but you don't "need" a costume.  plus, we have lots that you could borrow for the evening if you wish.  i would love to have you there! a little kc in the house wouldn't hurt anything!
@bakhan: so far my only plans for halloween are putting on "scary" movies, playing video games with friends, and probably having a drink or ten. i would definitely need to go costume shopping...unless you aren't having a costume party...but definitely open to the idea.
@geist, lol! maybe after some surgery and some serious photoshop...
@gm, if you need any help at all, you let me know!  you should see my house right now!  speaking of which, if you're not busy on halloween, you should totally come to my party, just saying!
congrats bakhan! next we'll be seeing your six pack on some swim magazine soon.
speaking of haunted houses, my friend and i went to a halloween store that went in where a future shop used to be, and decided we are going to need to find a nice large place to set up a haunted house...and we will need about a year or two to get it all organized and done.
on a totally unrelated note, i have now lost 85lbs this year! whoo me!
regular haunted houses, wherein no touching is allowed, don't scare me at all. this one came close a couple of times, but still didn't really do it. it certainly improved the experience, though.
@geist, i think for some people, like me, there isn't much in life that provides a real scare, except if something were to happen to my wife, so having and environment where you can be safe and still experience the thrill of being in danger, is appealing.  i realize that it isn't for everyone.  my wife also likes the jump out and say booo!, these don't scare me at all, but watching her get scared makes me laugh, so there's that.  i've actually, accidentally, scared a few of the folks that work in the haunted houses, probably cause i don't shrink back when they pop out.  i've been through way too much in this life to be scared easily, certainly not for myself, so i can see the appeal of this castle of chaos.
"man-handle" and if you think that's bad, just look up mckamey manor. seriously, why would anybody ever go there?
i still don't see how that is "fun". even in an alleged environment, i wouldn't like someone shoving me or putting a weapon against me. as far as i'm concerned, i get to attach back if you grab me. i like my scares the old fashion way. jump out and say "boo!".
@geist, yes, but this is a safe environment.  if someone tried to man handle me walking down the street, they would be seeking medical attention... ;)
i had a bag thrown over my head, was tied to a chair, had a "knife" shoved against my neck. i was dragged around, pushed, pulled, grabbed. i can get the same results walking around the dangerous parts of dc.
@lz, that sounds awesome!  my wife would be scared absolutely witless by that.  i'd probably get a chuckle or two just from that!
good morning corps!
you have a weird idea of fun lz.
i've never heard of mckamey manor. this was castle of chaos. the knife might have been real, but extremely dull, i don't know because i had a bag over my head. it felt like metal, though.
doctors and lawyers must really hate the average person. "doctors don't want you to know this one quick hack to lose weight!" "find out the trick lawyers don't want you to know!" "physicians hate him! local man cures leprosy and aids with this one simple trick!" "try this one weird hack to enlarge your..." wait, that's not it. i was just researching! i swear!!!
i'm like the modern ironside. "i'm too damn lazy to die!" that's where the too old to die quote was, right? pretty sure. is it weird i know a late 60s cop show?  also, i've realized that's not quite as much of a joke as i'd hoped. i think i really am too lazy to die. "new cure to immortality discovered: doctors hate this one simple hack!"
what's this? i have to go to bed at a certain time?! 3 am during fall break, come back!!! i'm too lazy to die!
mckamey manor? no, then knife wouldn't be in quotes. and you'd hardly be able to type. why would anyone go to that one? they literally torture you and there's absolutely nothing you can do. and true to haunted house spirit, you can't fight back at all or else you'll be sued. if you die, though, totally your fault. you signed the contract. in blood, i'm sure.
indeed. i had a bag thrown over my head, was tied to a chair, had a "knife" shoved against my neck. i was dragged around, pushed, pulled, grabbed. it was a lot of fun.
"manhandle"
haunted houses are so much more fun when the actors are allowed to manhandle you!
unfortunately, thomas, i live in a dorm and lizards aren't allowed. pen-ant-entiary, as i decided to call it just this second, will have to do. though they don't like tape on the walls either.
you can put the lizard in a fish tank and use straws with sugar water to create attractive paths for them to "explore" ... which the lizard can't backtrack ... but s/he will appreciate the buffet.
get a lizard. ants will no longer be an "issue".
i hereby move to name all animals according to this scheme: http://9gag.com/gag/a3lwpln… anybody second the motion?
it's back mostly to normal. and the ants either seem deterred, perturbed, or dead. all of them work for me. but i was well aware of the hilarity of the fact that i wrote 2 paragraphs of in-depth research into ant incarceration. and so far as i can tell it has a nearly 100% success rate. there're a couple other ways in and i'm stopping them as well. nope, sanity's gone again!
yes, zem, your already tenuous grasp on sanity appears to be slipping.
i'm also using fear tactics against them. i would mess with some to scare them so they'd release a fear pheromone and then throw them back in. or take a bigger one and stick it to the tape in a way that it couldn't leave and so will slowly die there and warn others of the place. i feel really cruel, but this war only needs last until it's too cold so the ants have to already find a place to hibernate. don't think i've ever been so impatient for winter. also, it seems to work surprisingly well. only about 1 ant escapes every several minutes if they're crafty anymore. the well-behaved group seems pretty stuck, though i may spray some kind of chemical there to deter them even more. wish i had some vinegar now. would salt and vinegar pringles work? how much vinegar does it take to kill them?
also, i fear i may have gone quite mad. a person came in today to (again) try to kill the ants with a thing they bring back to the nest. within 2 hours, they were back in droves. i looked up some things that deter them. basically, coarse grains and other things that are annoying to walk over (coffee grounds whether used or not), poisonous stuff obviously, and certain other things. i set up a coffee perimeter and then some other traps, including sharply folded post-it notes and tape (sticky, and they don't like walking on it at all). i observed them for nearly an hour fixing areas they could get around. the ones near me are well-behaved and don't cross the obstacles much, but the other hole is crafty and has some hard-to-block paths. now to wait and see how well i contained them. i call it "ant penitentiary". i would post pictures if i could. maybe i will later. death to ants!!!!!!!
not by leaving stuff in plain sight, by almost announcing plans involving fireworks...
i was almost dumb...
particularly since routine checks don't allow for vehicle searches, unless you're dumb enough to leave it in plain sight
you work right above a tim horton's? how the heck do you get any work done? also, as for the pot, i know, but trust me, it can be pretty annoying once it is legalized. besides, all the states with it illegal bordering legal states have a hell of a time patrolling the highways and side routes to keep it from coming back in. now imagine that all along the border. i mean, most border stops will catch alot of it, but there are easy ways to hide things from routine checks.
*perk* did someone say creme brulee donuts?
...now i want a donut. there is a timmies right downstairs...but that's downstairs and i have work to do. t.t
@gm, yep, like 2 for 1 donuts!
would free up loads of police time to deal with more serious matters.
the biggest benefit would be clearing all those useless charges from our legal system.  it would save millions of tax payer dollars every year.  also would decrease the criminal element from it.
@zem: i was just able to look at that picture you posted earlier(had to do it on my phone, with wifi off). i don't see a problem with it being legalized, as long as it is sold in licensed locations, that way there is taxes being paid on it. won't be tons of revenue, at least at the start, but later it probably would bring in some revenue from the taxes.
that is pretty funny
i think that's really funny. never gonna give you up was a semi-popular song when it was made and then was almost forgotten and rarely played over the years. suddenly it became a meme, and now in the last few years, that video has racked up 150 million views!
yeah, well i take solace in the fact that i still got people with that. maybe not you, but it worked.
i figured it was time i do something evil
aaw, why'd you comment? i was going to post all by myself, https://www.youtube.com/watch… , or even possibly put up a rickroll, say profusely don't look there, sorry, wrong link, tried to put up this one, and then put up the all by myself song.
yeah, don't fall down the youtube rabbit hole if you have homework due.
came back early one day to finish some physics homework due midnight. made some coffee, got everything ready, and refreshed my youtube subscriptions page. bad move, bruh. bad move.
cinemasins is sometimes the funniest person on youtube. the newest video, paranormal activity 3, is so funny. i mean, it doesn't take much to make fun of those movies, but he did it really well.
and penalize people for not voting like some other countries. only about 60% on average actually go to vote.
huzzah! someone came to try again to fix the bug problem! hopefully this time they'll be dead for good. this time there were only a few.
i definitely won't call it that. i don't get why we don't just get rid of the electoral college. let the people vote for the president and let their votes count.
i know, which is a good thing for sure. why can't they just vote per district?!  speaking of hot sauce, the person at my dining hall sandwich thingy place accidentally put hot sauce on (she's new), but it turned out pretty good. unfortunately, it's american hot sauce. frank's red hot watered down quite a bit. i love that stuff, but it's just not spicy this way. i'm going to use your haute sauce all the time. don't call it that though; sounds really pretentious.
true, but texas also usually goes against cali and ny
*other 3 states combined. they have a near majority just from the three.
and i know it's just a coincidence, but the media always makes such a huge deal about ohio because of that trend.
i only see one state with more than 7 times what utah has. we have 6.
bakhan and gm, just saw this: http://9gag.com/gag/aqnryz8
you need more training, geist, because you pointed out the cfo's screw-up and made him look bad. don't you know he can do no wrong? that's the training you need. worship the chief officers and relish in sniffing their farts!
lz, that's probably a coincidence considering the three states have 7.25 times as many votes as you, though 16 isn't a small number of rep.s at all. but why can't every state do what nebraska and maine do and let each district's representative vote for their area rather than the state as a whole? i seriously don't understand why the majority gets the votes for the whole state rather than the areas that voted for them. that's why california, texas, and new york have so much power; you only have to win a couple cities and you suddenly have it in the bag.
geist, reminds me of either dilbert comics for sure or even sometimes the britcom are you being served, one of the funniest ones ever made. almost like a british drew carey show, but only in the workplace 99% of the time. why did i just turn a dilbert situation into a britcom?
zem, ohio is actually the biggest one, strangely enough. in the last few decades, no one has taken office without getting the ohio votes.
*sigh* the drunken sailor is back. the cfo deactivated half of the users in the new system but assigns me the task of cleaning it up. i went to send an email to all of the properties that there was an error and she and the ceo of the company imply that i was wrong in doing that and that maybe i need to go back for more training. funny, i'm not the one who caused the cluster f**k but suddenly i'm the one who needs training. must be nice to be at the top where your poop don't stink.
@zem, yeah, between ontario and quebec, the have 62% of the population of canada, so, by the time they are done voting, all things have been decided.  we're lucky we even get to vote.  oh well, could be worse, i guess.
ah politics. one of the three things you never talk about with others. politics, religion, and that little dark green spot on your lower back. or at least that's what i've heard. i've had some great conversations about politics and religion. ` i think if just before primaries you got rid of the top two candidates, at least these days; it wasn't like this even 50 years ago, then you'd be left with people who at least have something to contribute rather than being a woman or having a magnificent toupee.  bakhan, i know how it feels to have one region run your country. everything here is decided by california, texas, and new york. the rest don't matter at all. and by that i mean la, texas, and new york city, none of whom are good representations of the nation as a whole.
my review of the game is that there is little game play and the price is quite high for what there is.  while i would definitely play ek over say, uno or go fish, compared to a game like pairs, no thanks, quibbler, etc., ek is just not compelling. i was not impressed eough by it to play again 2 out of 5.  also, found the nsfw edition, not nsfw or even that funny.
@geist, that was in toronto... we live in calgary. its about 1680 miles away... ;)  and, our mayor rocks!
@gm: you didn't vote for the crack smoking mayor? he was so funny!
@gm, that was the platform that they ran on!  we're going to go further in debt to get you all (by that i mean the east) what you want now, oh and don't worry about the pay back part, the next gov't will handle that... good times...
@geist: we're talking canadian election that happened yesterday. liberals in power...wanting to "stimulate" the economy with printing more money(depending on the sources you read/people you believe...i'm not sure if this one is true).
btw, what bought this on? did trump actually become president? *starts search for passport*
why can't we have a party that actually makes things better for this country, that has morals, that has credibility because no one can agree on what that is. the religious folk think it's one way, the non religious folk thing it's another. if there were an honest politician, would people actually vote for him/her?
@bakhan: because, you're talking about politicians here(unless it's our mayor, he should go federal and i would vote for him....he cares about the people).
@gm, i don't understand why we have to keep going round and round, liberal, pc, liberal, pc, blah de freakin blah!  they are all scum!  why can't we have a party that actually makes things better for this country, that has morals, that has credability.... sigh...
trudeau definitely has his work cut out for him to prove himself to everyone(myself included, i didn't vote for his party).
@gm, oh sweet jesus!  i think the world may be ending gm!
these next few months will be interesting, won't they bakhan?
congrats on your weight loss bakhan. i'm going to start working out in the free gym at my job next week. hopefully i'll be a few inches slimmer by the time summer comes back around.
morning corps! so in six days i repaired the damage a month of eating whatever i wanted! today is a good day!
@adam, isn't that the way with most games? i get them to play them. as far as i'm concerned this game is quite replayable. i think we got our monies worth.
@micah- the price will go down.  i back a fair number of kickstarters and $20 is a really high price for what this is, which i even said during the campaign.  my wife was really excited for this game and wanted all of it.  that is why i backed.  had they said during the campaign that the nsfw stuff would be available after the kickstarter i would have convinced her that this was a bad deal right now and we could get it eventually when the price goes down.  i'd wager in the next couple of years the price on amazon will go down to $15, but you will be able to get it on sale for like $12.
an early "good morning!" fellow kc crew and others. it's going to be 70 degrees today so go outside and enjoy the last of the warm weather for the year.
fine! i'll go to bed! but don't complain when i'm not here to greet you in the morning!
pssh, all this time you were lurking and never said anything? pssh!
sleep is for the dead...so, yeah....i'm going to sleep now.
so... how is everyone? asleep? good, good...
it's way more than that if you count every day we've been here since the original party.
we're having the after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-after-party.
hell
lol they are still wondering what the he'll we are still doing here....
glad you enjoy the game lee-ann. i'm sure that is music to the ek team's ears. (they are still bugging this place, right?)
i love my game and am super happy to be one of the many that have backed it. ����
sure gm. monday was acting like drunk sailor that doesn't understand the meaning of the word "no". bah. i might have to stop the local spanish pub for a top shelf margarita.
@geist: want to bring me something to drink? i could use it.
oh yeah, all that. purple is my favorite flavor.
what a rough day. since starting this job, things are usually smooth but today monday tried to have her way with me. this calls for a drink. pity i didn't make a batch of cherry ranch flavored vodka when i had the chance.
well 1, that's a bad reason to back a campaign, and b, the price didn't go down. so feel good about life and yourself and the fact that you got it and played it before anyone else who got it otherwise and you got the (truly) exclusive first edition kickstarter box.
@adam, sorry you feel that way.
the only reason i backed this campaign was because the nsfw deck was supposed to be exclusive and this was the only way to get it.  otherwise i would have waited for the price to go down and buy it for much cheaper.  i feel lied to and ripped off.
oahmagerd.that's going to haunt them for the rest of their lives. adam, we've talked thoroughly about this, but unless the team makes an official statement, think of it as the first ever expansion deck and be happy. there are way too many out there to be considered "exclusive" just because so many were ordered from the campaign and they really never mentioned that after the campaign became so huge.
wasn't the nsfw deck supposed to be kickstarter exclusive?
i was thinking that as well, but does amazon really have that strict of censorship? i mean it's worth a try.
maybe sub a-hole, with jerk?
maybe it's too long or something? no, there are much longer reviews on amazon. who knows. i would try submitting it again. that was a really good review!
that is an awesome review!
my review was rejected by amazon reviews! what's wrong with it? =( it's like a tomato. it's, red, juicy, and everyone pretends to love it because it's good for you. but everybody mistake if for a vegetable when it's an awesome fast-paced explosive (literally! well, actually not really.) nerve-breaking paranoia-inducing socially-awkward friendship-destroyer hell-of-a-game! (not the tomato though) it's never felt so good to see one of your friend draw a kitten and lose miserably; he definitely deserved it anyway, he never paid you back your 10 bucks for the grub a year ago. what an asshole. but drawing a card will become your worst nightmare ever. and cats. and goats. actually, you will literally (this time, it is literally literally!) be scared of everything. even of your grandma with her missing teeth. maybe she will nope your skip. that would be a really mean move grandma. i hate you already. you're gonna love it.
damien, see the latest update ` gm, ok that's what i thought. they look pretty similar and at least that good of quality.
i never received mine. could you send me one? damien cabral
zem, the ones that were mentioned earlier weren't hrothgar's(though they do look nice, i can't justify spending any more money this year on kickstarter).
hrothgar, first off, love the name! second, didn't someone already notice those here? i think we found you out already!
...why don't people take into account the fact of taxes being taken from all monies paid(unless it's a reimbursement for out of pocket expenses)?
did i ever amazon review it? well, i think i 5 starred it, but i don't know if my comedy skills are high enough to make a worthwhile review. if i could make it funny, i would have by now.
hey all, hope you don't mind a shameless plug. i'm running a project featuring solid wood cases for miniatures and dice. i featured these at gen con this past summer and have been getting some good reviews in. come take a look at https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1658949603/hrothgar-iv-skalds-song
silly me, i made lunch and forgot to check in!  update? someone say update? i thought someone said update.  i was planning on sharing it if i got the chances. my family loves hot food as well. spicy food almost as much!
yeah, but folks on here wanted samples. i'll have to just sell people 5 oz bottles at a discount for sample purposes, with the understanding that they spread the word and let people they know try it.
might as well go with the 5 oz bottles then.
so 1.5 oz bottles cost the same as 5 oz bottles. lame.
i  want 3 of the fish sauce and i'll take some other sauce so i can flavor my salad dressings and burger meat.
woot!
now you'll only need 4998! at the rate this is going, you'll get there in no time!
i'd take a couple of each.
there has got to be at least that many people that ks and love hot sauce!  you can do it lz!  hot sauce ftw!
that does help. now we just need 4,999 more people to do the same and we're golden! :-d
well, i'd take two of each kind off you if that helps... ;)
that was a nice update. that's 100 gallons per recipe. so we're talking over 10k bottles for four flavors. i really hope the local people can help me out with a smaller minimum.
well, that was a nice little update wasn't it?
@lz, would that all have to be the same sauce, or can you split it up between different kinds?
geist, 100 gallons would fill 2560 bottles.
or hot sauce even!
@lz, that sir, is a lot of haute sauce!
@geist, you may need professional help... lolz! ;)
wow. that sounds like a lot but smaller than asking for a bottle order of 2,000.
holy crap! one of the florida companies got back to me; they'll work with me, but their minimum order is 100 gallons!
@bakhan: you mean this one isn't? *pokes blow up doll*
halo everybody! this is what i get for sleeping in? assigned reading on my day off?
@geist, you need to find a real man! ;)
you know how hard it is being covered in chocolate and not being able to eat no clue. i've never been covered in chocolate before ;-)
@gm, most. dreaded. words. ever!
@gm, what?  you need to go man!  you don't get to bitch if you don't vote!  work can wait!
and, you know that something might possibly have gone wrong when you hear "we're glad you're back" the first day back from days off....
unfortunately, even with my boss giving me time off to go vote, i literally have too much to do to be able to go do so.
@gm, yeah, i hear that... :(  oh well, at least we have the election today, that should be awesome... o_o
@bakhan: that too...but unfortunately i didn't win millions to be able to stay home and not have to work.
@gm, the worst thing?  thats going back to work at all!
@geist, sounds like you had a great weekend!  i am in the midst of another juice fast, and i spent this weekend baking!  i know, i know, i'm crazy!  i made gingerbread men (will be skelletons), sugar skull sugar cookies, chocolate mice (which look like little mice and taste like chocolate truffle) and p.butter balls (made from "not peanut butter" as i'm allergic), these combine, cornflakes, rice crispies, coconut, chocolate chips, and lots of sugar and syrup.  i then dip them in chocolate and attach pretzles for the legs of theses spidery treats!  was awesome to make them, but i want to try them so much!  you know how hard it is being covered in chocolate and not being able to eat any?  yep, i'm crazy!
worst thing about taking a week off, forgetting your passwords. and worst thing about forgetting passwords, forgetting security question answers. now i'm on hold waiting to get it all reset. i knew having to drag myself out of bed this morning meant something.
@bakhan: i had a relaxing weekend. went to a book fair at the state department. watched 3 movies and found some really excellent craft books at the used book store where i volunteer. was cold and windy so i had both the regular and space heater pumping on saturday and sunday nights.
@geist, whats good?
morning bakhan!
at least you had a week off. i won't get any vacation leave until next year. i would love to have a week off now. there is so much i need to organize for the winter.
morning corps!
hot sauce on eggs is actually quite good. also, good morning kittens. i'm back from my week off....and have 45 emails in my inbox at work. >.<
hot sauce on eggs? nope for me. mix it in burger meat? sure, why not and then top it with some bacon and cheese when cooked.
very quiet....... ssshhh..... don't ruin the quietness.
hmm... it's quiet here for 3 am... too quiet...
i've never done that, but in hotels and my dorm's buffet, those eggs are good with salsa. i like hot sauce best on barbecue, pho tai, hot wings, and the like.
man i love me some hot sauce on eggs! probably my favourite use!
i established those two a few years ago
so mad cow barbecue and inferno etc.? and those are just the two you have made right now. with all that testing, i'd hate to be your toilet.
the original inferno is great with eggs, burgers, burritos, anything.
oh, the mad cow is excellent with pulled pork, pulled turkey, brisket....
so kinda spicy but flavorful? sounds perfect for barbecue stuff, especially pulled pork sandwiches or some such. don't know why, but that sounds really good right now.
if i had to guess, i'd put my stuff around 10-12k. it tastes great, though.
20 degrees over 4 days? every spring and fall we have a couple weeks when nature becomes bipolar or something and can't choose between 20s or 30s and 70s or 80s and switches between the two every few days. i think it's really fun, though everyone else hates it for some reason. they complain about one season and then complain about the next.
mother nature is currently going crazy. the high today was 57 and it's currently in the 30's but on wednesday it will be 76.
good luck lz. i hope the co-bottler will work with you. i am looking forward to some spicy fish sauce.
lol it has good flavor that's about all though
i know, sriracha isn't very hot or flavorful and is completely overrated, but i put a hell of alot in there. the water was blood red.
i do like the flavor.... i hate mayo but i found i like sriracha mayo lol
ok sriracha looks like it's close to 5-8k... but still not hot xd
red habinaro is around 250-577k on the scoville scale sriracha is 1.5-2.5k.....
i grew up eating spicy food so sriracha is not spicy to me habinaro is about my preferred lvl of spice when i want something spicy
oh, i hope that works! that would be much nicer.  ` it's been a couple years since i had pho tai, though i really love it. it was so good, but maybe a fifth of a bottle of sriracha wasn't a great idea. it tasted good, but i can already feel my body is sick of its s*** and wants to treat it the same way back. basically, it's never as fun coming out as going in. but that's an easy price to pay for such great food. (cheap, too, at that place)
a local co-packer. i sent an email to see if they'll use my recipes, cause they'll let people put custom labels on the company's recipes. their minimum order is 48 bottles, which is a lot easier to do than the florida folks' minimum order of about 2.4k bottles.
ooh yah? what did you find?
i may have found a local solution to my production/bottling problem!
alright just shoot me an email when you are ready
i would love to test some out. i'll have to find some good food, but i'd pay shipping to taste-test some. though i really am interested in the seafood hot sauce because, well, one, i had a large part in the inspiration, but two, because i don't really think there's that much of that kind of a market out there. never seen anything like that, so it'd definitely be worth a try.
it would be a factor. i'll see if i can find any sample-sized bottles.
i would be willing to pay shipping to me if that's a factor
well if you need some outside reports on lvl of spice i'm sure we would be willing to help out ...find some small bottles (sample sizes ) and let the kc help you out man
both of my current flavors are a little hotter than sriracha. i think the steak/bbq sauce is a leetle hotter than the other, but it's hard to be sure. it could simply be that it's more difficult to spread a meat sauce throughout a steak than it is to spread an all-purpose sauce throughout mac n cheese or eggs.
that's good i like hot....
that just means she thinks they're perfect as well. that sucks about the seeds, but i guess you can always buy some now and then plant those next year. and i didn't mean scientifically how hot, just how hot in general.
actually, the reapers came...as seeds. i misread the ebay listing. i'm not sure exactly where the sauces lie on the scoville scale. i don't know how to measure scoville units. all i know is that i think the two flavors i have are just right, whereas the mrs says they're too hot.
yeah, how wide is the range? not including the specialty fish sauce (we're having salmon, so i wish we had something like that!) whats the variety of spiciness? i remember you saying you got some reapers, so i know it gets pretty hot on the upper end.
mmmmm...hot sauce. how hot is it?
free samples as a stretch goal? like just a tiny bit of each sauce.  ` today is a calm day for me, which is really nice. i'm just sitting here with my brother, co-opping guitar hero 3 on the wii, him playing skyrim while i play an old spiderman game, getting snacks, etc. why can't i have more days like this? i hate real life sometimes. it's really boring and alot of work.  also, that's the reason i haven't been on here much today: either he has my computer or i'm playing a game or both.
total yield: 16 bottles
this is a big batch. i've filled 12 bottles and still have more sauce. i need to prep more bottles. i think it's a good idea to have people try it and share it with friends. that will help spread the word and people will know that they're getting a good thing when they back it.
yah the box itself is super simplistic. .. it's a small piece of wood drilled out sanded up taped the edges and sand it up......oh and drill for the small screws for magnets .....and they tend to deliver on time for there campaigns or early
lz .... your going to need a few test subjects to test that sauce...>.> ......xd
well, while i wait for diablo iii to finish installing on my new laptop, i think i'll bottle some sauce.
i know. the really funny thing is that one of the teens in the neighborhood is an extreme extrovert, and she will frequently seek me out during any church-related thing that we're both at. i wonder if it's because i'll just sit and listen while she goes on and on at 1000 words per minute.
trust me, you're not the only one.
yeah, the anxiety is worse when i know it's expected that i'll be cheery and friendly with everyone. the problem is that i'm an introvert, and i don't know very many people in the neighborhood. so i feel a lot of pressure to be happy and outgoing; and a simultaneous strong disinclination to do so.
yeah, i wouldn't have much fun there either. nothing like that sounds good to me at all.
it's not much of a story, really. i got dragged off to the neighborhood social. i have transient social anxiety, which flared up. as far as the misophonia, i think i'm actually hypersensitive and not fully misophonic, but hypersensitivity is basically a mild form of misophonia. it's worse when i get the social anxiety, though.
yeah, yesterday was super busy in here (relatively) but now i doubt anyone will really be in here much all day.
sleep is so lucky i love it so much. otherwise i'd stay up like all night. might still do that tomorrow anyways, who knows.
come to the neighborhood social for an evening of social anxiety and misophonia!
zem, which comment?
adam ruins everything was a great college humor sketch series, but now he made his own tv show and it's amazing. check it out, seriously. i love that show.
that's a great gift idea for a gaming groupie! those actually look really cool. for a second i worried if they would really be able to deliver all those by christmas, but it's such a well made campaign, and as good quality as those look, they should be pretty easy to make by machine, so i wouldn't really even worry too much about that, though it would seem they'd have to already have them all made or done pretty quickly. christmas isn't that far away at all. but yeah, great gift idea!
alright i'm getting this as a christmas gift for some of the peeps in my gaming groups... what do you guys think?https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/754081504/wyrmwood-hero-vault-built-to-carry-your-gaming-ess/description
lz, i feel as if there's a story behind that comment.
pot, that is a good deal. we just stayed in hotels, but usually you can use couchsurfer or some similar program to stay for free, sometimes even large groups of people. like my family's house could hold as many people as you could bring, and we've hosted up to i believe 8 people at one time, and that was when our entire family lived there. anyways, yes, that sounds amazing and i'm totally jealous. the first time i was there was christmas a few years back and then again with our exchange student of my senior year just so he could see it and bring his tally up to over half of all the states in the one year he was here. i think i like seattle best of the major american cities, but new orleans is close behind. and bourbon street every night is a revelation the first time you see it. and the next few. i have a couple good stories about it, some really creepy. incidentally, did you see the washboard guy there? he's there every day and is really, really good at playing the washboard. ooh, even better, did you get scammed out of some money?! ;)
hey now i'm from louisiana. ..don't hate on our food....
that is a great value!
new orleans is one of our favorite places.  this was our third trip there.  we took a couple along with us, she had been there several times, he had never been there.  bourbon st. at night was a revelation for him.  this time i decided to take a chance and got a small apartment for the weekend through airbnb.  what an excellent idea that was.  we stayed right in the quarter and it only cost us $100 a night for a bedroom, bathroom and living room.  excellent value and wonderful hosts.
come to the neighborhood social for an evening of social anxiety and misophonia!
i've not been there
let the records show i've been here for some time now and was too lazy to bring out my laptop. ` pot, new orleans? i love that place! and there's so much great food! i didn't like it so much my first time there, but the next time it seemed amazing.
geist i just got back from new orleans, where i ate my way across the city, and i was surprised at how pedestrian a lot of their bread pudding was.  hell, one place didn't have any sauce at all for the pudding.  and that is just plain wrong.
ok. see you later.
just commenting here because i'm leaving and won't be here for probably an hour and 1) don't want to lose my place, and b( just want you all to know i'm still here now and you can start the timer now or within a minute or two. or whatever.
*perk* did someone say bread pudding? oh man, do i love that dessert. i haven't eaten in a long while. can't find too many places in d.c. that make it well.
okay, i found two places in florida that appear to offer the same services as the kentucky folks. i have contacted them both to see if they'll work with me.
ooh, that sounds nice.  hip hip, *cheers*. i finished the only thing left until the stuff due tuesday! time to pack up and go home.
just realized i have to run out to the store to get supplies for making bread pudding.  darn it.
hi, pot. at least for now. ` bakhan, nobody here knows about the arrogant worms and i only found them by accident. it's so sad that so many people live entire lives without knowing of them! ` what's up, doc? you're not on here nearly as much as you should be. like once every 3 days.
hi everyone.  i'm back.  at least for a bit.
@zem, on behalf of all canadians, i would like to offer my most sincere appologies for bieber and celine dion.  what can i say... arrogant worms, yep, all the way, especially the last saskatchewan pirate!  rush, is definitely canadian, sorry but we're not sharing!  i think the reason why you find so much talent coming out of here, is because it is so cold.  we stay inside and practice, lots! ;)
the trouble is that i have only found one other company that offers anything close to what the kentucky folks do. they're in florida. i'll still reach out to them and continue searching for others closer to me, but i'm not getting my hopes up. when this thing takes off, i think i'll offer contract bottling services to people, as well. i think i could make people like me happy, and earn some extra money in the process.
lz make sure you get quotes from a few different  companys...the closet to you the better
@lz, if you offer trinkets, they will come.  well at least i will, not that i wouldn't anyways cause kc for life!
yeah, that's what i figured. why isn't there a company that will do it that's much closer to you? and why does it matter that they're far away if you can send instructions, payment, and management to them over the internet and phone? ` bakhan, you've sent over some bad people as well, such as beiber. mostly beiber. and though you guys let us in on so many amazing talents, you keep some great ones for yourselves, like the arrogant worms, who i found online last year and loved. do you count as keeping rush for yourselves? because they definitely were strictly canadian, though they toured the entire world. a surprising amount of the best entertainers are either jewish or canadian, sometimes both.
zem, they do the whole process. i can still do it; it will just require more work on my part and more start-up capital as i need to get my own bottling equipment.
@geist, that was the first i heard of that!  man i love that guy!  he's awesome, best part of many movies!  i can't believe we'd give him up, you should see some of the scumbag douches this country lets stay... sigh.
lz, what were they doing, bottling or the entire process? because either way, it's likely you'll be able to do it yourself with some work. if by chance it does become a much bigger success than expected, there are still ways to deal with it.
geist, we'll take him! i love randy quaid. deport him back, please.
no, geist, it just means i'll have to raise more money on the kickstarter
ah heck. now i won't get me any special hot sauce.
@bakhan: is that why you are trying to ship randy quaid back to the u.s.?
the fax worked. the kentucky people feel i am too far away. damn!
lz, you're telling me. come to the midwest if you're going to move here. seriously, just stay away from any place you hear about on tv. that's a good rule of thumb. not like the places around the major areas are so bad or that they're entirely bad themselves, but yeah, best to stay as far away from anything eventful as possible in this country. if i were you, i'd suck up the cold and stay where you are.
oooooh, yes! fireball would do wonders for warming a person up!
@geist, i could see how you would think that, but my wife is like the opposite of a heated blanket!  i swear she steals my heat in the night with her frozen feet and butt! @lz, try whiskey, lots of whiskey... ;) @zem, seriously, i would love to move to the states, so bad!  but my wife would have to get re-certified to work there, and she'd only make about half as much.  seems you guys don't take mental health quite as seriously down there... ;)
bakhan, i still don't think you really understand. cold is love. cold is life. ;) i would love that. i looked up the average climate for calgary to see, and the averages over winter are about the same as here, though for a longer time per year. i personally think our winters here are a bit warm and would love canada. see, even if it's colder all year, at least it doesn't get a heat index of upwards of 125 f for a few weeks every year. i'll trade you places, how about that! though i mean i'm well over 1,000 miles from either disney.
geist, that probably helps, but i'd think you'd also want a dram of hot buttered rum.
@bakhan: i would think winter in canada is fairly easy when you have someone to snuggle with.
@zem, i love the reference... always loved that song!  but, seriously, i don't think you really know what cold is, or how incredibly frustrating and monotonous it can be.  as soon as it sets in, it doesn't go away for 6 months!  even then, i don't think i start to warm up until late july.  thats why my wife and i are always heading down to the states, well that and disney... ;)
i haven't been able to find another company that offers what they do.
wait. did you say kentucky? well no wonder there is a delay. they are too busy trying to block gays from getting married. might want to try another state.
bakhan: one winter in canada and the tough men tumble... and i don't think you understand quite how much i love cold. ` kentucky fried hot sauce
is there an alternative company you could send this project to?
fax sent. it shows that they received it.
mmmmm. i can smell the hot sauce from here.
it's been a week and a half. i'm faxing those kentucky folks.
i need to get a baking dish. i have no reason why i shouldn't have a ton of pyrex dishes by now.
@zem, i would wager that one (yes only one) winter here (which isn't even that bad as far as canada goes) would change your mind forever! but hey i was wrong before... once. ;)
but cold is love, lz... ... ... ...
... ... ... ...
... ... ... cold is life.
yes, exactly. and, to a lesser extent, the part about cold being love and life.
what, "bye, pot!"? yeah, i guess i can see how that could be taken the wrong way.
i can think of several scenarios in which those words would be absolutely creepy.
bakhan, no, i'm perfectly sane. cold is love. cold is life.
bye, pot! ` lz, basically. except i don't know if it was out of 100, 150, 200, or some arbitrary number. as you can see, it would make a big percentage difference. thankfully, though, nobody was prepared for that exam, so i may have ended up being around average.
bye pot!
i'm off to take the dog to his therapy session.  then up to the house.  i may not be back today so if i don't see you til monday....  bye.
"professor? can we talk about this 36 i got on your test?" "yeah, isn't that incredible?" "i guess... i just really thought i would have done better. i mean, i studied really hard!" "it shows." "i'm serious! i studied my brains out and only got a 36?! i need help!" "i'm also serious. you got 36 out of 25."
@zem, you are certifiably crazy.  that is all.
or you could just suck it up and enjoy the cold! woo! it was like 45 this morning and perfect!
come on you guys!  how about hot 100's?  there are actually quite a few "hot" liquors!  as far as the house warming party.... people kick off about 300btu's an hour, so if you had say 40 people over, that would cover most of the heat loss of your house! ;)
haha. that moment when you get a score that seems low on your test, but you have no clue how many points the test had total, so there's no way to know.
i know pepper vodka exists.  geist you are welcome anytime at all.  i probably won't be there, but knock yourself out.  i did my roughing it when i was in my twenties, i feel no urge to repeat that.
http://9gag.com/gag/a3lnznq
i saw on an episode of moonshiners that some guy mixed tabasco into his shine.
geist, we can mix both. you don't think there's hot sauce liquer?
yes, i'm planning on announcing it everywhere i can. i don't have a particularly wide reach, so i'm going to make sure to stretch as far as i can.
@pot: isn't that what booze is for? to keep you warm? hot sauce helps but i'd rather drink some tequila than straight up hot sauce.
@geist.  i think we should wait at least until there's a furnace for the house warming.
lz, make sure to bury it in the litter box. i'm sure there's a person or two who check there but not here quite as often.  ` here's the core corps guidelines, while everyone is here: http://9gag.com/gag/avlmx3d follow those simple rules and you'll never go astray.
pot, i will certainly let you know when i kick it off. i'm getting antsy, though. it's been more than a week.
house warming at pot's house!!!
top 'o the mornin'! two more classes and giving something to a ta and then it's fall break!!! until tuesday when i do my large physics assignment. but still, i can rub it in all of your faeces that i have a 4 day weekend.
good morning zem, glad you made it.
oh, wow, the entire core corps reporting for duty! i would have been here earlier, but due to being up till 3, i don't even remember turning off my alarm, but i do remember my roommate's alarm giving me just enough time to make it to my first class, thankfully. no breakfast or reporting for duty in a timely fashion, just go straight to jail.
really?  i am a fan of hot sauces.  let me know when you kick off.
hot sauce
@bakhan.  the house is coming along spectacularly.  they are sheeting the roof now.  within a couple of weeks i expect it to be weather tight with doors and windows in place (but not siding or masonry).  after that the insulators come in and about a week after them we pour the basement floor and install the furnace so they can work through the cold weather months. @geist.  howdy! @lz.  a kickstarter for what?
hi all! pot, i'm waiting to hear back from some people so i can put together a kickstarter.
howdy pot! happy friday and soon-to-be-halloween!
morning corps! @creeper sending lots of positive pooping vibes for the little guy! @pot, good to see you!  how is the house coming along?
good morning troops, long time no see.  i have been vastly busy with travel and the house, but i have a little time this morning. how is everyone doing?  i see creeper's kitten is having difficulties, is everyone else well?
well creeper, i'm sure some of the kc members would be happy to pitch in. you could start a gofundme page for little nugget. i'd help since he is so adorable and he is so lucky to have a mom like you to care for him.
shoot. below the next comment down, imagine this: " ` well, 3 am is as good a time as any to finish up. good morning, everyone!" sorry, accidentally hit tab instead of `, so when i hit enter, it posted the comment rather than returning, and there's no edit option on these comments!!! see what i meant?
rob: look below this.
rob, if you're looking for a response, it's right below this comment. ` if the rest of you are wondering why i'm up at 2 a.m., it's because once i'm done here, it's practically fall break! woot-hoot! not even close to done yet, but it's gonna be done! hopefully!
rob, you really should have emailed support@explodingkittens.com by now for help. these mostly arrived like two months or more ago. but don't worry, because the team really wants to help each and every backer get what they ordered. just email the support there with a clear subject bar and your problem clearly, maybe with details, in the body so they can respond promptly. also, you may not get a response. some people have had them just show up magically at their doors. if you go like 2 weeks with no response or kittens, try emailing again.
how did everyone else get theirs? i'm still waiting.
it's good that he's getting the care he needs
awhhh, that's a good idea.  we just call him little butt a lot.  his butt is too tiny for his warrior poo.   i just made some homemade pedialyte, going to keep him hydrated.  just so stressful - i leave town tomorrow morning for a few days!  my friend is taking him, and he's an animal lover to the core, so i know he'll treat him well.  but i think he worries more than i do!
every night, just read to him, "everybody poops". it'll become his favorite book! my grandpa got colon cancer (and kicked its butt even as old as he is), and while he was recovering, there was a time when they had to remove the extra stuff and hope his colon took back to its job. so when we heard he'd finally pooped again for the first time since going to the hospital, we brought him that book. greatest gift ever.
oh no! get better soon, leo!
he had to go for another enema.  *sigh*  he was going quite regularly for a week.  though all was good in the hood.  then he stopped again yesterday.  i went back sooner to avoid making things worse.  he's chilling on the heating pad now.  i wish there was a safe cream to numb his bum.  he has to be so sore!!!
oh no. what is wrong with little leo?
i need more good kitty vibes please.  and pet insurance.  and a sugar daddy
has anyone ever said, "oh boy! a surprise onslaught of violent hiccups! i love when they're so strong you can't get rid of them and they throw your head back every. single. goddamn. time!" no? didn't think so. i hate hiccups, especially when they're so strong you can't get rid of them and they throw your head back every. single. goddamn. time!!!!!!
still waiting for some guy to go "syke!" and take out like 100 pounds 5 days from the end.
unequivocally so this time.
welp, ep is funded...
it is a great game, isn't it? i think i kinda out-played myself to the point where it's lost its novelty, but it's an amazing game.
@sarah: huzzah!
played it, tempted others to get it.  love it.  thank you for the great game!
whee! i'mma go kill maself! cyanide and happiness!
geist, you totally should look them up. bullet is probably the happiest song about suicide ever
dang it, it deleted my comment somehow and i need to retype it entirely! one more day till fall break, but since i don't want to do any work over the weekend, though i have something on tuesday, i have to finish the first part of my lab practical midterm and then start the next and make up 3 procedures and hypotheses to send to my ta for approval in addition to all the normal things. at least that leaves the weekend open till tuesday!
i'll have to check out those songs on youtube. i'd torture my non chocolate loving co-workers with this stuff if it weren't for the fact that i like having a roof over my head and booze in my belly.
oh yeah, and living on my own by freddie mercury
i get that way with give me a sign (breaking benjamin), bullet (hollywood undead), inside the fire (disturbed), and a slew of songs by metallica, megadeth, judas priest, and avenged sevenfold. those are the most frequent. occasionally with trivium and dragonforce, and a bunch others
geist, all the time
ever have a desire to listen to a particular song for no other reason than because you want to? explains why i've been listening to this for t he last hour or so. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i like it
ichthyoid defecations!
those fish poops! (get it? bass-turds... badump-tchss!)
oh duh, 750 pounds. still, they will get maybe 50 more by the end or just lose everything like the last few days. the worst part is they gave no credit to ek as the inspiration.
nope, they're one dollar under on my screen, plus i'll be removing my 1 pound i have for commenting.
in other news, the exploding puppies copy cat game is now fully funded. will be interesting to see how this plays out. hats off to them for being the first rip off game that was successful.
happy thursday!
morning kittens. it's thursday. that's all i got.
ah. the conversation was so spaced out last night i didn't even remember that.
not yours specifically. i was adding onto your sales pitch.
mine? which one? i wish i had a personal one. remember i live in a dorm? and mine doesn't even have a personal sink in each room! it sucks horribly. that would be so much nicer.
your toilet has been nasty lately; it deserves to be punished!
you'll hate your life, but who can argue with results like that?! buy some flu today! now in specialty flavors such as "violent vomiting", "disastrous diarrhea", or "grape"!
ah, being sick... good times. last time i got a serious flu, i lost 20 pounds in 2 days! and had nice abs! not a pleasant way to do that, but i mean, when you weigh around 250... i mean i'm really tall and naturally muscular, so i'm not especially bulky, but still. and those weight loss pills say to be cautious if you lose 10 pounds in 10 days! how about 10 pounds per day!!!
i got hungry (which was great) so i ate a little bit. then my stomach started yelling at me. it was like, "dude! what the hell!? why the hell would you do that?!"
*comments just so it's not so dull in here but has nothing to comment about*
i bet it was. i never had any, but i've heard they make good alcohol.
we had 2 belgian couchsurfers last year, and they asked whether they should bring chocolate as a gift. my dad said, "nah, everyone does chocolate. bring over some liquer! that's not such a normal gift.", so they did. apparently it was some really good stuff, too.
i keep hearing that swiss is the best. i spent two years living in the netherlands and belgium, living on belgian, dutch, german, and swiss chocolate. swiss is great, but belgian was always my favorite.
i don't have tv, so i have to wait for things to show up on the internet same here. i haven't had a working tv in 6 years. all my shows i catch on netflix or other parts of the internet.
i don't even watch tv, and the rare times i deem a show worth watching, i just find it on the internet and go through it. only like 3 of them i like are currently being aired.
swiss chocolate is by far the best. brits have a couple good things, like their chocolates are better than american ones for the most part. and theirs is the only kind of malt i actually like at all.
i don't have tv, so i have to wait for things to show up on the internet.
@bakhan: i might catch ftwd after the first season is over with. that way i can binge watch the whole thing. i've gotten into bojack horseman recently. finished season 2. i wasn't into it at first but as i kept watching the episodes, they got better. now i can't wait for season 3.
@zem, it doesn't actually have to have nuts in it to have trace nuts from the factories... :( @lz, yep belgian chocolate #1, british chocolate, comprable to na so pretty low on the list. @geist, fear the walking dead, was pretty good actually.  it takes place during civilizations fall.  i really enjoyed it!
most other world food is better then english food despite being a stones throw away from france.
belgian chocolate is far and away better than english chocolate.
i've got to hop on amazon and catch up on the new season of twd. i love this show. haven't gotten into the spin off "fear the walking dead".
having worked with the british, i have to say i don't really like the taste of most of their chocolate. or some of their other snack items. pot noodle taste like nothing despite having a suey sauce packet. they have a flavored barley water drink that is so gross, i didn't bother to finish the bottle. they bacon flavored crisp are a delight though.
don't you hate it when you're sick and you're only eating because you know you have to? at least the day off is letting me catch up on twd
it's really hard to find the best chocolate in the world in the us. fortunately, my belgian friend brought me some when she came to my house for dinner on friday.
not much chocolate actually has nuts. i would know because i hate nutty chocolate for the most part as well.  and that's the most evil thing ever. to a kid? i would say skittles and m&ms, but that only works if you tell them it's just one or the other. i had a mix of skittles, m&ms, and peanut m&ms and it was really good. if you're only expecting one, though, it's horrible.
i love the admiral ackbar idea! stretch goal!
@geist, i have a nut allergy, so chocolate is a love hate relationship for me.  often when i see an awesome looking chocolate treat, i find out its toxic (ie: contains nuts) and it pisses me off.  i like to point out that because they can't guarantee that there are no nuts, what else can't they guarantee?  its my tiny (and i realize quite pathetic) revenge. ;)
@zem, to a coder perhaps, to a little kid?  yeah... thats what i thought!
that's expensive. just go in the day after halloween or thereabouts. really cheap candy, the same stuff you would get anyways.
@bakhan: nah. this is the stuff from the drug store. still, one bag with $13.99. they had a sale of buy one bag, get the other half price. if i had know these yahoos weren't that into chocolate, i would have just gotten the cheapest and smallest bag. i would never share good chocolate. if i buy it, then only i'm eating it.
bakhan, that's an amazing idea! not the most evil, though. that would be replacing a c# coder's semicolon (;) with a greek question mark (;). they'll never be able to find the syntax error, and it'll slowly and surely drive them completely insane.
geist, "defiantly serial killers"? they didn't want to. it was an accident, they swear! it just kind of... happened!
@geist, be strong!  the way i look at it, unless its the best chocolate in the world, its probably not that good and you'll regret it!  don't regret it!
@lz, when you said that i had the most evil idea instantly zapped into my brain!  picture this, a large chocolate bust of admiral akbar, and inside.... tooth paste, a toothbrush, mouthwash and dental floss!  its a trap!
at this point i'm going to end up eating half of this stuff by myself. just when i've started trying to eat better for my health.
i spent nearly $20 bucks on 2 bags that had different types of candy and chocolate and the co-workers have hardly made a dent in it. they are defiantly serial killers. or commies.
careful, geist! it could be a trap...
@geist, i don't know about aliens, but they are probably serial killers or something... o_o
wait... wait... ...  . . freakin' . they don't eat free chocolate? nope, still not computing... do they eat chocolate they pay for? are they all severely lactose intolerant? actually, i think i remember a race of aliens who didn't eat chocolate, but i can't remember from where. maybe they're all dogs in disguise?
this is the first office i've worked in where the folks don't devour free chocolate when it is offered. i think they are aliens in disguise.
someone should probably tell him or we'll all just be waiting here for it. or at least in my mind we will. more likely you or me, lz, will get it seeing the last couple days. i'm catching up, btw. slowly but surely. in 20 years, i will be comment king!
nah, a search wouldn't be good for... whoa, only 4,500 left as of this comment! elan gets 100,000!
so don't make it one of those blasted "search as you type" functions. those annoy me anyway.
no, you'd overload your computer if you had to search through all the comments. "ctrl f 'e'"... crash. "no! i hadn't even finished the word!
and a keyword search function for the comments section, that maybe more than any other!
we've discussed this. and at least an edit option, if not a delete.
kickstarter needs a like button
hmm, new weight loss program; run a knockoff kickstarter from uk! you can lose 30 pounds in less than a day!
whoa, ep lost like 30 pounds! i'm going to cause a heart attack from watching that one so much. i'm watching it closer than the creators.
fight fire with fire! uncle zombitten's fever medicine! if it seems exactly the same as the cold medicine, that's just your fever-hallucinations.
there you go!
i got it lz! "hot" cold medicine! sweat that bastard out!
no sign of intelligent life for 3 hours? *starts a rave*
now it does. i was panicking for a second there. really, two hours, but what ever.
what the heck? youtube just doesn't work for me today. tried exiting the tab and retrying, trying other videos, everything. the rest of the internet obviously works, but youtube, my life, doesn't. well, it works, but no youtube videos load and play. other players do, just not youtube videos. i even restarted my computer. everything's perfect but youtube player.
could be worse. just between the times this happened last year, i had the worst fever of my life and went on like normal because i can't miss classes. not fun, but for the first time in my life, i felt the cold weather like a normal person! i swear the fever got easily up to 105 or 106. my little brother caught it from me, didn't have it as bad, and it was like 104. and he's in wimpy high school, so he skipped a full week almost!
i have an incredibly sore throat, probably a disease, which was not helped at all by the crazy game on saturday, especially since i sat in the student section after ushering, which inherently involves crazy shouting. this happened twice last year, though i lost my voice completely then, and only at its worst this time i could still get one in 5 words through easily though my throat hurts.
the worst part of it is that i have to work through it
need a sick day and can't fake it, no worries, try a swig of lz's zombie sauce! or better yet, spike the boss's lunch. the boss will go home and you can goof off for the rest of the day.
@lz, for reals though, sorry you're feeling unwell.
bakhan, i'll see what i can do
@lz, you gotta bottle that stuff! who wouldn't pay to feel like that? need a sick day and can't fake it, no worries, try a swig of lz's zombie sauce!
i feel like my insides are made of fatigue-inducing knives
maybe it's that chewable beer from yesterday. how's everyone doing today?
you're only eating sauce? that must be some good sauce. what kind is it?
nom nom  nom ....sauce
i hate public transportation. i really do.
*yawn* good morning everyone. i wish it were back to bed now.
that got crazy. dang it, i have to wake up earlier tomorrow. i wish this could be a mon/wed. so i could be up later. or this weekend. 4 day fall break!!!
and the drawings. 100 comments/second!
yeah, kinda got exciting what with all the update 9 hullabaloo and the 3 final days countdown hooplah. don't forget the post-campaign survey/delivery hubbub.
this one did get overwhelmed at times
weapons of self-destruction was the best idea i've had all night!
well for this one it gave up long before that i think. just like, "ok, i'm done, you guys go on ahead."
the comments on the others stopped showing the new comment button as soon as the campaign ended. i think it only shows that while the campaign is active.
you know what would be perfect right now? some weapons of self-destruction! robin williams was one of the best stand-up comics of all time.
so on the ginosaji campaign, it still shows the "1 more recent comment" thing when there's a new comment. did ks just give up on this campaign because of all the constant comments here?
that would be hilarious. i am still gathering information to figure out what the goal will be.
ep needs 10 pounds and has 16 days to get it. get the confetti cannons ready, they're the first knockoff to be successful. unless they somehow stop right now, which would be funny.
i like this dwarves analogy. when your sauces go live, we'll have to figure out places. what are you thinking for a campaign goal? just to know what scope you expect and need as a minimum.
well whenever i share a kickstarter, nobody pays attention to it. i won't be your biggest pr helper. maybe dopey.
i'm counting on you all to get it to that level
well, unless it's like ek level of surprising, you shouldn't need too much of that. especially with 4 or 5 happy drunk helpers. and me. sauce bottling dwarves.
yeah. the difference comes in when you want to do larger volumes. the slowest machine says it'll do 250 bottles in an hour.
just use that or something. really, it's not that hard to bottle stuff.
the siphon dealy-whacker looks like a component of one of the machines i found
like i said, the internet has everything. the syringe is almost perfect, though it'd be really hot unless you cooled the sauce, but either way it can be clogged easy. the siphon looks good.
alright, how about something like this?http://www.amazon.com/kombucha-brooklyn-bottling-auto-siphon/dp/b00cixxm8o/ref=sr_1_24…
yeah, then i might as well get the machine
maybe let the sauce cool down first? ;) i saw a stainless one on there but it was almost $500...
that could work. i'd be nervous about having my hands that close to boiling sauce, though
@lz,http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00kibyn4a…
5 oz is a pretty standard size for hot sauce, though
i've been busy. i'll get to it tomorrow
only 5 oz? not much hot sauce. look on the internet or medical / lab supply places. pretty easy, really. how's the r&d coming?
a syringe! yes! where can i find a 5 oz syringe?
oh, that's just me? oh, well... i'll have to see a tongues doctor then.
i'd be more worried about having more than one tongue...
@lz, what you need is a syringe big enough to fill the bottle. even an icing bag would do the trick. probably much faster as well... ;)
oh, i'll find a way, bakhan. i may be taking alot of bathroom breaks as well.
ooh, interesting new find; vanilla extract has 35% alcohol, akin to jagermeiſter. i'll just get some bottles of that and cut out my tongues so i don't have to taste it.
how would you have any time to bottle sauce drinking 1 beer every 36 seconds?
bootlegged cheese?
i like cheese, but not if it's been in a boot
or we could go to wisconsin. the rules are pretty loose there. plus cheese to boot.
about that... i live in utah. beer here is 3.2%, so it's closer to 6 beers to equal one.
i was going to protest, but i found those have about 0.5% alcohol and are legal. so, about 10 o'douls=1 beer. i'm a pretty big guy with a genetic tolerance for pretty much any drug on either side of my family... the internet estimates 10 beers in one hour to get me to 0.12 bac, a good amount for round estimations... so about 100 o'douls in one hour? 1 every 36 seconds. i can do that! let's do this thing!
it's okay, zem, you can drink o'doul's
it tends to do that.
feeding us? now that sounds like good beer. but remember, we have to all visit bakhan so i can drink as well. and it'd be nice if we planned it around like winter or spring break or something. and someone drove me?... hmm... college has turned me into a penniless b****.
yes, there's that too
not to mention the spillage that happens when his workers get a little too liquored up on the beer lz will be feeding us.
not to mention the imprecision of eyeballing the correct volume.
zem, the problem is that funnels wiggle a little. also, my sauce is a little thick, so i have to use a funnel with a spout that's almost as big as the bottle opening. they're also made of plastic, which can be difficult to sanitize.
funnels are cheap and only have one non-moving part, so they don't break down very easily and can be replaced/fixed for like $5-10. get a funnel for the funnel so you don't make a huge mess.
stretch goal unlocked $1,000: i can now bottle the stuff rather than just mailing it in a plastic baggie!
how reliable is the $500 model? if it breaks down every 100 bottles and the parts are difficult/expensive to replace, the $1 grand version might be the better buy.
funnels are messy. used bottlers are much less expensive. from a brief search, i see that they range from about $500 to about $1.5k
well here are your options:  1) increase all of the prices of the sauces ten-fold. b) don't buy new. iii) don't use that. or let someone else handle the bottling, though that could be more expensive. so yeah, just use a funnel.
a single-nozzle piston bottle filler is $2.5k if it is purchased brand new.
well, i finally decided to throw some money into the ginosaji campaign! if you don't know what that is, donate $25 to get the movie and then watch the "trailer" from several years ago that they decided to make into a movie. then donate more because it's gonna be awesome! and no, it won't be 9 hours like the trailer says. i asked.
ooh, speaking of holidays, next monday and tuesday are fall break! boo-yah!
annnnnnd back to work. it was a nice weekend. only a little chilly when in the shade but great temps in the sun light. it's a holiday today but it's not one that my job recognizes. pity. i could have used another day to catch up on the current crop of movies in the theater.
so, ep just needs 41 pounds now, just 2 more decks sold. well, props to them for being the first knockoff to be successful. well, didn't another one make nearly this much but had the goal set at like $5,000?
no, you didn't. this is basically the aftermath of the dozens of times we had to try to find out what happened and tell people that it became an expansion deck rather than exclusive. oh well, there were likely between a quarter and a third million nsfw decks out there, so really, not very exclusive.
@micah hope i wasn't coming off as a jerk i tend to put lol's in most anything i type, but yeah i only really remembered it cuz i remember saying, i better get the nsfw edition because it's now or never
ok, well i haven't had reason to read that in a long time and they never updated or responded to us.
@micah it's actually right in the campaign description lol it says nsfw ks exclusive
i don't even remember them saying that specifically would be, only that the folding, meowing, magnetic box would be, but enough people are saying it that even though the team never repeated it they must've said it once really early on in the campaign.
just curious... feel a little jipped at the fact that here i was thinking i would have something not everybody else would, aka the nsfw deck as advertised ks exclusive, yet it's being sold retail... i know i'm late to the realization but i didn't pay it no attention as i didn't think something like that would happen
you'd have to scroll down a hell of a bit there, geist. that was weeks upon weeks ago and over several days in itself, and on the litter box. if he wants to see it, he'd have to scroll down nearly 50 pages by a conservative estimate.  ` how's all yous doin'?
@rfa: you'll have to scroll down a bit to see the discussion on that topic. when the nsfw version hit the stores (not long after the game was shipped to backers) there was a lot of talk here about that. not much of a conclusion and the ek team didn't chime in one way or the other.
@micah was that discussion here in the comments or in some forum? i'm interested to look at it
tum-tee-doo-doo... happy back to work you lazy bums eve.
whodatmoney, it's been thoroughly discussed previously, and the consensus is, "don't go there." no official announcement, but the closest we can think is that that was only while it was a small campaign, not 220,000 backers. also, it's a perfect first expansion deck.
lz, i love sportspuck! the atmosphere at the events are awesome. plus, you can get into an actual fight and not be a pussy about it. the best times are when you go to a boxing match and a hockey game breaks out.
@everyone so i just have a question, unless i missed it somewhere, but wasn't the nsfw version of the game supposed to be ks exclusive? how are people buying it at retail like target?
zem, that's cool. i don't follow the spotsballs, though. i'll occasionally go to a sportspuck event to watch the people run around on the ice with their knifey shoes and angley sticks.
huzzah!  lz, i don't either. but if you follow sportsball, the game was almost exciting. it came down to literally the last 4 seconds, but stupid happened and we lost by 2 because of a field goal that shouldn't have happened. oh well. seeing both teams' standings and ranks, that would've been amazing and it's awesome as it is that we held them down so far and were winning virtually the whole game.
friend found the game in target, price is 20 for each nsfw and base game. grats guys
i don't understand saying nasty things about someone just because they like a different sportsball team at all. it's all silly to me.
so... today's the nebraska vs wisconsin game. anyone know why we're rivals? we don't. nebraska loves wisconsin, but the wisconsin fans are some of the worst, at least to us, in all of college football. we actually have to double the security when it's played here like today. a family friend from wisconsin once made the mistake of wearing a husker shirt to the game, and the people in that entire section kept... well you can imagine some pretty not-so-great comments about her and her daughters that can't go up here they might have said. then she got tired of it and told them all she was born and has family in ne, but has lived in wi her whole life and they stopped harassing them instantly. those people confuse the hell out of me.
kieran, as walter white would say, you're goddamn right. lz, hullabaloo! hooplah! murder and pillage!
@kieran: absolutely true.
ep is 95% funded.
true that kieran
@creator, the fact that so long after your project, there are people still talking, and not just about the project, is a testament to the fanbase that you have created.
wait, my old one may still be viable. let's party!
well we'll have to do it in canada if you want me to help you on your journey to becoming black-out drunk. 21 is still over the horizon, but canada is a bit closer. just need a passport.
sounds good to me lol..... and i have done that before.. it was only like 40 miles to the next state but still to this day have no idea how the fuck i got there....
as i recall, there was already talk of you all coming to help me fulfill orders. that's when it would happen.
i dunno, doc, i'd think that's a good incentive to suck it up. besides, how do you ensure that while he's black-out drunk he'll end up in another state? will we spy on him and shanghai him when he does it?
it's an incentive for you to make more successful  ks campaigns. ....
i went to the 25th anniversary homecoming of my highschool. well, 25 years since we consolidated with a nearby town. they had a few people from every class since 1990 there. you'd think my class, from 2 years ago, with only like 5 people out of state, would have tons of people there since we all don't have lives, but nope, only 4 including me were there at the beginning of the game, though like 5 more came later on. it was fun too, and i got to show off being in shorts and t-shirt in 50 degrees again. good times.
what a lovely evening! i just had dinner with one of my friends from belgium. she's a vegetarian, so i made cheese enchiladas. i don't usually cook vegetarian dishes, and i've never made cheese enchiladas before; but they turned out great, even without following a recipe.
i'm not sure how that's an incentive for other backers, but ok.
sg #1 ....if you make it 10k past funding you will get shit faced afrter the campaign to the point of blacking out and ending up in another state by accident. .....that's my sugestion....
hang on, zem! i have to save some stuff for stretch goals
ambidextrous, flannel, eu friendly trinkets galore!
oh, there's no danger of that
don't forget the trinkets!
then there's the gift set to consider, what with its wooden box and all...
of course, 1k backers would most likely mean 2-3k bottles of sauce, since plenty of people would want more than one flavor.
excellent! now i'm hoping even more for a wildly successful campaign!
count me in, bakhan! oh, you meant him... well i'll help out for free as well! if you pay for my flight up there.
@lz, heck if you fly me out, i'll help for free!  we could have a sword fight, drink some brews and box up some sauce! you know it would be awesome!
sounds good to me. you'll also have to take into consideration what happens if your campaign is wildly popular. if you end up with 1,000 or more backers, how will you cope? do you have volunteers at the ready to help pitch in? maybe one of the kc members that lives near you can help?
i already have two recipes. the other two probably won't take more than a week or two. the limiting factor will be how long it takes for the bottling place to get back to me. i'm super busy today, though, and somewhat busy tomorrow, or else i'd reach out to other contract bottlers to get quotes and estimates. that will probably have to wait until sunday.
good point. how long do you reckon until you have all the recipes and facilities figured out and could launch the kickstarter?
oh, and 2 quarts ie so of sauce
that many tomatoes? looks like we should be getting some good sauce pretty soon. ;-p (keeps one eye out for a certain ks campaign)
harrumph...! food! mmmm...  just kidding. we had 2 vegetable gardens at my house and regularly made stuff, especially salsa, which my mom perfected. it's amazing. we also had 2 apple trees until a few years ago when there were dozens of horrible storms. we made such amazing apple sauce and apple butter, not to mention apples! in fact, i think we finally ran out of our apple sauce stores in the basement. that's sad.
@bakhan: i haven't had a tv in 8 years. i don't miss it. i did purchase a small used tv at the last place i worked and i still haven't plugged it in yet. lz: great idea. there are plenty of sites that sell heirloom seeds that will give you a variety of good food stuffs to grow. if i weren't planning on going to school full time within the next two years, i'd purchase a house now and get to growing.
this year, i got 3 quarts of salsa and almost 4 quarts of tomatoes from my little garden.
i'd rather they snack out of the garden than out of a bag of candy or chips
@lz, awesome, now the real challenge will be keeping the kids out of the garden till you can harvest the produce! lol!  i know i raided a fair amount of gardens in my day.  fresh carrots and peas? yes please!
@geist, i think because most people feel like gardens are too much work / they don't have enough time.  wouldn't want to cut into all that tv time you know... ;)
i agree, geist. in fact, i decided this year that when my kids no longer play on the back lawn, i'm going to tear the whole thing out to really expand the size of my garden.
i wish people with yards would do more to grow their own food. places like wf would crumble in about a year and the other stores might lower their veggie and fruit prices. why would you get a house with a yard if the only thing you are going to grow is grass? (and not the kind that you smoke)
i only read up to about an hour ago because this is literally the first friday in a couple months that was actually so busy. dang, you guys, get a life! i was busy all day so i couldn't even  check in on here. but i glanced through most of it.  and yup, ep made 300 dollars in one day. aint that just purdy? they're going to make it to; they have 20 days left to make just 100 dollars now. dagnabbit.
they only sell organic, non gmo food, so if you're looking for that sort of thing, it's convenient to go there. the trouble is, they also figured out that people often associate cost with quality. so their organic, gluten free, non gmo produce is perceived as better than the exact same product with all the same descriptors from kroger because it costs 2-3 times as much.
@giest, also the cost of apples, will depend on the breed.  some go as high as 2.99 per pound, but some thing like royal gala or granny smith are 1.49-1.69 per pound.  i may have purchased a fair amount of apples in the last few months... ;)
we don't have that chain here. not that we're missing out apparently...
whole foods is ridiculous. you pay exorbitant prices for the name only. there's no benefit to shopping there instead of somewhere else.
hmmmm. i guess the food around here is so high because of the area. i saw some apples at one of the chain grocery stores going for $2.99 per pound. don't get me started on the cost of food in whole foods.
@geist, the weather mostly. we have to mace a lot of the produce shipped here from other countries.  tariffs,taxes, transportation, etc. for example a good price on apples is 1.49 per pound.
good grief. that is way too pricey for petrol and i don't even have a car. why is it that food is more expensive in your neck of the woods? i'm sure you guys have mega farms to help feed the population.
@geist, don't forget i live in canada, and things are much more expensive up here.  like the cost of gas!  when i was in florida, people were bitching about it being 1.99 a gallon!  up here its $1.15 a litre! well over double!
$300 a week?! i guess since it's me by myself, that would work out to about $150 per week. still too rich for my blood. at least with the smoothies, you throw in everything and the fiber keeps you full a little longer. if i had a compost pile i was maintaining, i'd feel better about the juice waste that i would throw away.
funny thing about patience, the day they were handing it out, i had stuff to do and couldn't wait for it... ;)
i know. patience is also not my strong suit.
@lz, thats cause they're holding out for hot sauce!  you only have yourself to blame! ;)
@lz: that is what voodoo dolls are for.
@geist, yeah, it can be a challange for sure.  i know the juicer is expensive, i was actually able to wrangle a 20% discount, so that was cool, still over $300 though...  i look at it as the cost of this diet plan.  smoothies are much more cost effective for sure.  i was spending around $300 a week on fruits and veggies for my wife and myself, so really, given there were no meals ordered in, or eaten out, it wasn't much more than we normally spend anyways.  we also have a grocery store less than a block away, which helped as well.
don't you hate it when everyone emails you except the one person you want to hear from?
the reason why i choose smoothies is because it takes a lot more veggies to make a veggie drink than a smoothie. there is much more waste and i don't have the time or money to keep going to the store to buy more food. later down the line but not right now. plus i can't afford a breville juicer.
@geist, the smoothie ones are good too!  the results aren't quite as speedy, but you still get results.  all those micro nuitrients are great for you, i'm sure the experience will be quite healing!  the first three days will be the hardest, then it gets much easier.  my advice, set a time limit that you know you can achieve, then if you still feel like going on you can add days at that point.  its better to achieve small goals, than none at all.  its a great confidence booster!  you go girl!
i see the exploding puppies game is now 80% funded. will be interesting to see what the backers think of the product once it has been shipped.
good to know bakhan. i don't know if i'd be able to handle a juice fast. i'm going to try a smoothie one next week and see how that goes.
@gm, now, this may come as a shock, so brace yourself.  people, for the most part, suck!  why assume any responsibility, it is so much easier to act dumb, or pass the blame.  ;)  sorry about your work computer.  that would suck for sure.
and my work computer stopped letting ks work. keeps telling me to recover the page.....but nothing comes of it.
why can't people fill in paperwork properly? and then call us, trying to pass the blame to someone else for their own mistake of giving the wrong date? -.-
@geist, i'm going to start another juice fast next wednesday.  so far this year, i've dropped 83lbs and i'd like to be down over 100lbs by christmas.  i'm pretty sure i can do it!
@geist, life is good!  it has warmed up a bit, so i'm wearing a very tacky hawaiian shirt to celebrate!  i love the look on peoples faces when i wear these shirts, its too much fun!
hello bakhan! how is the juicing diet going?
not sure why they do it that way..../shrugs more shit they have to keep track of...but whatever that's not my job lol
my "year" starts in june.....the month i was hired....
whats up kittens?
@doc: considering that the year is about to end, doesn't that mean you have 2 days of vacation to carry over?
i have 2 days of vacation left until june.....
i've already used 7 days of my vacation for next year when i go to vegas in january.
lucky you. i don't get any vacation leave until next year.
only 7.5 hours until a week off for me. :p
morning gm. only 8 more hours until the weekend!
morning kittens. @creeper: hopefully little leonidas is feeling better soon. he should be doing kitten things, not sick kitten things.
huzzah!
i'll still say nugget every once in awhile. yay for poop?
awww creeper. i hope little leo gets better. (i love his new name)
are there any advanced well tested rules to spice the game up? interim i did check out this under the radar card game: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003541018/inconceivable-kingdom-at-war/description
leonidas woke up, found me in the kitchen, meowed for food, ate and proceeded to leave me presents around the kitchen.  here's hoping he's on the mend.  still haven't found the piece of rubber he ate off the bottle.  but i know he has to feel some relief!
yes, that's why, indeed. hi!
lz, oh, that's why. hi!
christine: support@explodingkittens.com ` creeper, i hope he gets better. we've all had times like that and know how you feel. leo's a fighter, just because he's named that way, so he'll pull through. ` why is that extremely important at this time? lz is so much easier to say than kev.
hi christine- have you emailed their support staff?
so i take it i will never be receiving my game?   if that's true i will have to fight the charge through my bank.  that will be fun. what a disappointment.  :\
he keeps trying.  he fell asleep in the squatting position!  poor guy.
oh no! i hope his bowels start moving properly!
he needed a warrior name.  he's a fighter.  leonidas is perfect.  king of sparta, and leo for lion.  it all works perfectly.
he's backed up.  it's been tough on him.  have been at vet all night and vet didn't seem optimistic.  gonna see how next 24 hours go- he had an enema but results weren't great.  he's exhausted.  i have to bake a cake but am letting him just sleep on me for a bit.  he needs comfort.
i approve of the name. sending all the love and positivity i can muster! what's wrong with him?
please send little leonidas (nugget) your love.  he took a turn for the worse and i need positive kitten vibes.
and yes, that is fencing in a nutshell
zem, remember that my real name is kevin buckner. that's important.
lz: fencing in a nutshell https://www.youtube.com/watch…
fencing was good tonight!
trinity it is!  if you don't know who terence hill is, that's sad and you should watch my name is nobody immediately. hey! i see you! don't click away without finding a way to watch it this second!
guess it's down to they call me trinity or fury. any ideas? don't know which i'll end up going with. probably trinity because terence hill.
well nevermind mr. holmes. it's not anywhere to be found. what else do i have lined up?...
i made that last bit up.....j/s
it's just me...i talk and bam...everyone talks
lol
be befreinded, friend! how does the magic of this page work?! nothing for a long time and all of a sudden 6 comments. now mine. what happened to enjoying the silence?
i almost backed the last reaper bones ks but did not like the style they had going
i decided to back the 7th continent instead of the new elder woods box.....i really want the box...i'll have to get one after ks though
i bought some reapers today
k, friend request sent.
especially you lz ...that way i can see when you start your sauce ks
ok...... i'm just going to leave this here..... facebook.com/david.guidry.35 add me ....or don't
well, one last exam tomorrow, but it's 80% multiple choice, straight out of the notes, so i think before i get into any of that i'll chill with some mr. holmes, a movie i've been meaning to watch for some time now as sherlock holmes is the only series that can even match my geek-love for lord of the rings. and ian mckellan. fun fact, i have the same birthday as him! just 57 years apart.
enjoy the silence.
is everything okay with nugget?
kitten amongst wolves.
waiting at the vet.  there are many dogs. nugget is curled up under my hoodie, head popping out of neck.  the dogs don't even realize there is a kitten amongst them.
yes, very much yes.
i've always thought that. and an edit option for when you realize something just too late.
the ks comments need a like button.
see ya, geist! don't catch hypothermia! or hyperthermia, which is more likely in all those layers in only 60 degrees.
and qt is for quitting time!!! see you kitties tomorrow when it will be happy friday day.
that's right
k is for kool.
i've got it! people think that f stands for fahrenheit and c stands for either celcius or centigrade, when in fact it's f for fake and c for correct!
gm, well they don't count. that's just too obvious. once when the huskers were in the orange bowl, it was like 65, but like 20 here. fposer degrees, of course. the floridians at the game were all in parkas or whatever they had because they're never prepared for the "cold", but all the nebraskans there were in t-shirts and shorts, almost sweating from the excessive heat for that time of year. go any further south than that and they've never even heard of negative degrees creal degrees. never even gotten close to 0 for them. (i'm just really bad at making c and f jokes)
also....the web browser on my work computer doesn't like anything except the home page. so i'm on my phone typing stuff out.
@zem: most of the people that wear them in the summer are new to canada and come from much warmer...and sandier...climates.
@vanessa: have you tried contacting the ek team?
it's october and i'm still waiting for my exploding kittens
of course, that's 57 fake degrees. if i were using a real temperature system, 57 would be disgustingly hot. deadly hot.
it was 57 this morning. it was great motorcycle weather
i'm glad to hear that ep is stalling. here's hoping they don't have a huge surge during the last 48
i'm old! it doesn't take much to make me cold. i'm the one in the office with my sweater and space heater on when everyone else is in short sleeves.
ep is kind of leveling out in the mid $700s now, just over half their goal.
really? where you live? just looked up the weather there, and it's not nearly parka weather. i guess we're tougher this much further south? i can't wait till we get snow though. though i'll definitely enjoy fall while it lasts.
@zem: every now and then, even in the middle of summer, i will see people wearing parkas. right now, i see people wearing parkas, scarves, gloves, toques, and other heavy winter clothing.
that place in kentucky hasn't emailed me back yet. i imagine it will take a few days, but i want it now!
i see.
lz, this is a good professor, but the past exams were only a little helpful. i thought i was finally understanding it, so he had to throw every person in the class a huge loop by giving us stuff that probably wouldn't've been on the finals.
60 degrees requires mittens and scarves? how?! even the biggest weather wimps i know aren't like that. it's warm today, but the day it was a high of 55 recently, the most i saw were moderate coats. and then me of course wearing shorts even if it means water i get on my leg freezes to it within a minute or two. and i wish we still got 10 feet of snow like my parents when they were young. i've only gotten up to just over 6 or 7 feet on a really awesome year.
college exams aren't so bad when the professors give a damn about teaching and the students. when they run out of damns, you get crap exams
well, silly me! i studied what we were supposed to! who would do that?! i should have known not to study the last half of what was on previous exams and instead look at stuff we only covered once, maybe twice, and variations we haven't seen yet including a "typo" of a molecule. even the best people missed alot on that test. i'm starting to see why people complain so much about college exams.
1.5 days until i'm off for a week....then i can actually let my mind relax for a bit...though i have a feeling i won't because this payroll is my baby, and i'm the most knowledgeable about it.
most southern states are bigger wimps than the d.c. folk simply because they hardly ever get snow. we get snow every year, just not in the amounts that gm has to deal with. i don't mind being snowed in as long as i have enough food, booze, books and the internet.
okay, i hate excessive snow, but that sounds fun
6 feet and we are still going to school/work/wherever the hell we please. 10 feet will shut down parts of the city, particularly where snow hits a fence and builds up on the roads, non-essential routes(as described by the city) are the last ones to get plowed(most communities in the outlying sectors). anything more, and the whole city is at a stand still and people still try to get to work/school. last time this happened, no bus or car was getting out of the community, and the whole family sat around drinking hot chocolate and watching movies(except me, i was gaming with my friends who were in the same situation).
it could be worse. you could be as big of weather wimps as the folks in texas, where a quarter inch of snow shuts everything down
bah! d.c. folks are weather wimps. we know it but don't acknowledge it. one inch of snow sends us into a panic and a foot of snow shuts down our city for half a week. meanwhile, the folks in the mid west laugh at us while driving to work in 10 feet of snow and ice.
*eye twitch* ...that's 15c...at the "low" of 60. that's a nice warm day. not cold at all....we need to toughen you up geist. :p
morning gm. i can't wait for the weekend. lots of fun stuff to do. pity it will be in the 60's so i better break out the mittens and scarfs.
morning kittens. two days to go. :d
awwww. it's not easy being a new mother. unlike human kids, your kitty will grow more independent in about 6 more months. they he should be able to feed on his own.
kitten mama says hi.  kitten mama is tired.
ok, tep. see ya.
work, work, work.... if anyone needs me, drop me a line in the litter box. back to work.... (tax tables for those who are wondering what can keep me away from kittens.) hi zem! sorry, no 9gag for a while.
sean, huzzah!
bruh! *
brush thanks you guys!!! i turned in my order like a couple months late... changed my kickstarter  email and i was slow to respond... still got it <3!!!! support team is awesome!
side effect: you can make ceviche just from this sauce! it cooks and flavors it all at once! well, got a horrible exam i'm ready to at least 50% tomorrow! pumped! my mind is all like https://www.youtube.com/watch… right now!
thanks, zem. i agree about the spice level for seafood. the nice thing is that acids tend to have a taming effect on peppers, and it would be a pretty acidic sauce.
i would definitely not make the seafood one too spicy, because nobody wants that with seafood. but a little spicy could work great if done right. good luck with finding the perfect recipes, and we're here as soon as it goes up!
geist, i have a couple of ideas bouncing around in my head for a zombie sauce. and i think the garlic-citrus seafood sauce is a go. i'll have to play around with it this weekend
@lz: if there is a hot sauce that you make that will have plenty of garlic, put me down for double. and i really want a zombie sauce with a nice little skeleton trinket attached.
so...
indeed
aaaand it's ground to a halt in here. well, it was fun while it lasted.
here we go, this is just what we've all needed this whole time but just didn't know to ask for! too bad idle left! http://9gag.com/gag/abbqxlx
indeed
sounds awesome. and like a great excuse to buy some fish of all sorts.
the great thing is that habañeros have a sweet, citrus flavor that would work well with that. i'll see what i can shake out
sounds good! add it to your collection. there's really nothing in the market for seafood hot sauce, so you could take it by storm. and i want royalties!
that's easy. garlic, lemon, lime, maybe some orange and onion
i'm guessing it wouldn't be so spicy either. maybe it's a seafood sauce? that could work, if you could find spicy flavors to pair to fish.
i'm not sure how i could make a sauce taste like smoked salmon
with that hair in your soup, i bid you adieu :)
and now if seriously, smoked salmon.
i drink enough coffee that it's far too late to be worried about that, lz.
careful, it'll put hair in your chest!
hairball it is!
well, with fruitcake being the other option i vote hairballs.
hairball hot sauce? that could be the name i guess, with a corps shout-out.
and an army sock.
wet. warm.
i don't know. what would be good for a kitten corps flavor?
think furballs.
kc flavor? what's that like?  good night, idle!
the things i missed....
what??? again???
i should have a kc flavor
alright, nighty night. the master has been scratched and purred and dosed off, so it's my turn.
huh, exploding puppies is up to well over $700! really hope it stops there. it has been slowing down.
bakhan, i saw that page too, and they have the gmm clip on it.
on gmm, they ate the reapers, so you can see really what effect they have. a farmer friend of ours makes reaper cheese curds that i love so much. not terribly insanely hot, but you can definitely feel it. he also makes garlic sriracha curds which are heaven.
reapers are already hybridized ghosts. i guess it could make it hotter, though
https://www.crazyhotseeds.com/top-10-worlds-hottest-peppers/
idle, facefulls of fur are fun when they're cats. ` lz, scorpions are close, but all over the internet you can find people who grow reapers. someone suggested crossing a ghost pepper and a carolina reaper just to make a ghost reaper! that'd be an intimidating pepper. grow it in a skull and crossbones mold.
now to find some... the stores around here are lame and don't carry any. i wonder if i could get some from amazon...
that and a face full of tail fur. rum with hot peppers! nemiroff style.
@lz, nah, ghost peppers are yesterdays news, you want some carolina reaper!  twice as hot!
i have a friend who grew some trinidad scorpions. mine all died, unfortunately.
get some carolina reapers just for... well, not taste since you really can't taste anything hotter than a ghost pepper, but you get the point.
why not just rum? maybe some hot sauce for good measure, but still. wait, does kickstarter have a way of knowing if you're over 21? i don't think your'e supposed to have alcohol on here, though i think i've seen some instances.
i need to get some ghost chilis. those would be appropriate for a zombie blood hot sauce
maybe add a little coconut for some sweetness... sweet and spicey, slightly islandy, could be awesome, most like eu friendly too!
hmmm, that could work....
@lz, think rum flavoured hot sauce! zombie for sure!
big cats. one reason why pirates use parrots instead.
hey, doc, didn't you have a kid recently? how is the tyke?
yup, geist. and, i also got me a precious. not bad, actually. yeah, and a kitty but that's old news. i just weighed her... 2.270 kilos. i guess she's investing in fur now more than butt. she used to get half a kilo in two weeks. she likes to sit on my shoulder when i smoke, and that shoulder is starting to hurt.
alright! we'll make this happen. and doc, i've been trying to think of a zombie recipe. i have two right now: original inferno and mad cow. mad cow is a steak sauce, but it goes well on other things. my brand name is brimstone hot sauce
lol
well, doc, just keep up here and you'll be informed!
yes! send out an email when you do... i don't want to miss it.....
hot sauce trinkets. ambidextrous, flannel, and eu friendly.
bakhan, well mace, maybe not, but pepper spray is basically a capsaicin solution.
@lz, no jokes, you need to do this!  damn it we need more hot sauce in our lives!!! and trinkets...
@zem, pretty sure you wouldn't want that stuff on your food... just saying.  feel free to give it a try and let us know though... ;)
i'd have to come up with another method to aerosolize. the two recipes i have are a little thick
zombie sauce?
i'll take a batch of the hot sauce. and i mean the entire batch that is to be bottled.
@lz, so what would the name of this eu friendly, ambideterous, flannel sleeved, hot sauce be?
aerosol hot sauce? hasn't that already been made? pretty sure the police use something similar.
i didn't say stop by on the way. i just said to do it first
wow, kt's really busy all of a sudden! so glad i got in here when i did.  so, lz, looks like you already have quite a bit of support for the hot sauce.
@lz, maybe even try to areosol it, make it into a spray.  less chance of breaking and it would be *** fancy *** !  best part is, no one would know how much was actually in it!  you'd make a killing!
lz, salt lake isn't on my way from nebraska to canada. but if you're chipping in for gas, money, and time, i'd be glad to!
yes!!
i'm in lz ... love me some hot sauce....
zem, if you go visit, stop by my house first so you can take a prototype sauce bottle up there.
@zem, it didn't last, or i probably wouldn't be typing right now... i friggen hate the snow, cold, etc. give some sweet sweet heat and humidity!
snow? already?! can i come visit?!!
bakhan! i love it! a to-go bottle! i need to find something like that
@geist, i was great until last saturday, when i came home to snow... florida was glorious!
hello bakhan! how the heck have you been?
flannel. same difference.
is that a wild idle i see? looks like we have two of our members who have become kitty mommies.
maybe the hot sauce could come with some sort of trinket? maybe a key chain with a hollowed out bottle shape full of sauce on the inside, like a break in case of emergency thing... could have used that a few days ago actually, all they had was tobasco, blech!
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
ok, so the sleeves need to be ambidextrous, thermal, and eu friendly above all. oh, and plaid!
oh yes, ambi bottles are a must! flannel sleeves will be a stretch goal, though
bakhan, there's actually a bush in that region that covers itself in an oil that can catch on fire and not burn the plant itself. burning bushes are actually kind of normal there.
@gm, yeah, but seriously, streching is good for you, especially you tall buggers!
will the hot sauce come with thermal sleeves?
will there be ambidextrous sleeves for the sauce bottles?
i get it, i get it! i won't leave for more than a few minutes at a time again! it's so busy here like one day of the week, but the rest of it and especially the weekends are just desolate. ` yay, the kitteh arrived! she's purdy! (pun obviously not intended or i would've added another r)
@lz, you may want to look into ambidexterous bottles as well, just saying...
i'll pimp this again ... the creator will give away free dice sets if certain stretch goals are met ... you could get $50 worth for only $25 ... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zucati/zucati-dice-plain-and-simple
i don't know, burning bushes, meeting god, etc, sounds more like ergot poisoning, or peyote, to me...
you might run into all sorts of issues trying to export food products to the eu ...
@bakhan: it was kind of a twist and stand while reaching motion when i felt it. so that could be part of the problem.
i don't know. i don't know about distributors and all that at this point. i hope to make it eu friendly
will that hot sause be eu-friendly?
good. i'm glad folks are interested. this evening, i'll contact the bottling company and see what it will cost to get going. in the meantime, i need to order some bottles for the homemade stuff i have in my fridge
and today i read that moses was probably on shrooms when he got the ten commandments. actually, i find that to be believable.
@gm, seriously, you need to strech every morning big guy! @lz, sign me up for some of that hot sauce!
trinket checking seems so much more legit!
wait, is fact checking even a thing?
exactly. gotta spice things up, or people won't care seems to be their mantra. that and "fact checking? who needs it?"
yeah, here i was thinking the kid could double as your bowling ball on the weekends, then be fixed up on monday. pffft. science.
anyway, the kid looks just like any person with neck injury. i thought it was really beheaded. journalists.
excuse me while i chase the beast off the counter.
that story, while impressive, is blown out of proportion
so, i'm watching the news... baby heads are officially reattachable now. wow.
oh i'm watching her... otherwise, i'll be left without my belongings! she's a tasmanian devil, aha, she is. i'm not giving her crazy wail for nothing. plus, she can guard herself pretty decently. watch *your* preciouses ;)
@tsveta; that kitten is beautiful ... better watch it, or they may be an organized effort to steal _your_ precious!
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54j0ynsywe0exo2qtfnwhjpvg8/view… boo!
well, i finished classes for today, which is nice. then again, i have my o-chem test tomorrow, so i have to study today, plus a communications class exam friday, plus i have to prepare for lab tomorrow after the exam, plus i have to finish up 4 of them. so either quite a bit or nothing at all depending on how you see it.
@bakhan: not much, other than doing the boring side of things. and i think i pinched a nerve in my back when i got up from my desk earlier this morning....random bits of pain every now and then.
hey you crazy cats! whats new and interesting?
wait for me! i have to catch up! ok, i'm here. now i'm all out of breath from running all that ways. oh, and look, i have to go again in 20 minutes. and hell yes i'll support the hot sauce campaign, lz! don't even care what kind of sauce it is, i'm a precious backer. so long as i don't actually have to donate too much money. i mean, i have so little as it is. but you're welcome to the stuff i have extra.
well, in their defense, they do have lots on their plates. we consolidated two terminals, ended up laying off ~20 people, and acquired another company that some of the people were brought on, some let go. all this within the last ~2 months.
makes me wonder how some folks have their job if they are always this slow to respond to important stuff.
now it's in front of the controller for her approval. i may make it on time at this rate!
good luck, gm!
good thing some of the people i need to get approvals from are sitting in the same office(in houston) going over the files....approvals almost here.
hooray for last second(almost literally...have like 45min to get this payroll submitted...and still need 3 approvals >.<) adjustments.
but talking to creeper could be a good idea. she might know someone in the restaurant business who wants to use/carry my sauce
i see. those ideas would probably work.
i actually meant creeper's precious (i thought that would bring her running) but how about a booklet of recipes to use your hot sauce with? or a nifty little carrying case if someone gets the whole set?
i was thinking about that, but i don't know what it would be
of course. i'll be more than happy to back it. will there be a "win the precious" level?
i think i may have found a solution. ie i get this going, i can count on all of you to back this, right?
the main thing is facilities, and i need to familiarize myself with all the regulations. i wonder if there's a local hot sauce bottler that could help me out...
@geist, probably at some point
are you ever going to have a hot sauce ks campaign, lz?
i really should finish editing my book
i might get a bottle for my uncle. he writes stories(on top of his engineering job) for pre-teen to teens. though, the whole family reads over his manuscript before he sends it to the publisher.
since each cutting board is custom made, i can kinda understand the price. i've been eyeing it and i think i might get it as a present to myself on getting a new job that i kinda like.
i'll do a search when i get home gm. jeffery deaver is one of my favorite writers and when he comes to my area for a book signing, i always give him a bottle of scotch as a thank you for giving me another story that will keep me up all night.
zem, that is an awesome cutting board. the price isn't too outrageous either
@geist: that cutting board is nifty. that pricetag though...
geist, you want to see the best cutting board ever? http://store.mentalfloss.com/the-obsessive-chef-cutting-board/
@geist: actually, i've noticed it in just the bottle form, no special packaging or added items, in the stores. you might be able to find it.
writer's tears? pity it's probably sold out. i know one of my favorite authors might find that an amusing gift to receive.
hey lz. i saw this and thought you might like it. http://www.uncommongoods.com/product/personalized-cutting-board
...i kind of want another glass of scotch...just like last night when i got home. a nice draw of writer's tears(special edition that came with to glasses and a certificate with the bottle and cask numbers on it).
i'm with you, gm. i would much rather spend the day in bed than do anything else.
happy is a relative term...so far today is passable...as in i would pass on taking this day.
morning kittens. happy hump day!
cat memes never get old! it's science!
getting excited about an upcoming ks campaign in november, the french game company capsicum games will be doing a big box set of "fleet commander: genesis" (includes ignition, beyond the gate, and a new expansion -- spaceships!!). https://www.facebook.com/capsicum-games-334678116643231/timeline/ also, take a look at the zucati dice, some of his stretch goals are "free dice" if he merely gets enough backers. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zucati/zucati-dice-plain-and-simple
who knows, 90% of the women i meet could be hitting on me and chances are i'd be clueless too. which would explain alot, but is infinitely unlikely.
don't feel so bad, great mountain. looking back on my life, i have had several women hit on me with me having absolutely zero clue. and i still remember all of them, and wonder.
well, i definitely didn't get to see her today. left work almost an hour later than yesterday. going to be tricky to time right(not even entirely sure what time i got on the same train she was already on yesterday)
dating...i'm glad i'm done with that (except for monthly date night with the mrs, but that's different)
exploding puppies is up to $665! jeez, that's the most successful knockoff yet. it sucks he set the goal bar so low. he'll probably make it, but i hope if he does he at least doesn't screw it all up and has an at least moderate-quality product delivered marginally on time.
if things don't work out with that girl, give her my number. maybe i can refrain from scarring her for life. probably not, but it depends on who you ask.
yeah...the last girl i "dated" was back in high school...and that was for a month. though, we knew each other as friends for about 5-6 years before going out. still friends with her(and possibly going to her wedding too...maybe i can get a date for it if i see this other girl again soon...)
yah i married at the ripe age of 20....i skipped the later years dating
ha! i have you beat there. it's been well over 19 years since i've had a date!
@zem: also in my defence...it has been just over 10 years since i've dated anyone/had someone show obvious interest in me.
well from my limited experience... wait, i have absolutely no freaking experience in this field whatsoever... back to youtube!
true...but i guess since i didn't bite(figuratively speaking) at her hints, she might have dismissed it all together, unless i see her today and say something about how "distracted" i was.
well she could have asked you out. it ain't the 50's anymore, women can do that now.
she complimented me on how i was dressed, made a comment about my mass effect faux-leather jacket(saying it's a good game), showed interest in my book....and initiated contact by purposely bumping into me on an almost empty train...definitely was clear, i was just too dense to think anything of it until two stops later. t.t
there is still a chance that you can bump into her again. and if your work is stressful enough (and yours sounds really stressful) then you can still be distracted enough not to have pickup on her flirting. or maybe she wasn't making her intentions clear enough.
it was actually on the way home from work...on the train. so even worse as i was only reading a book....and listening to some dream theater quiet enough that i could here little snips of conversation around me.
don't blame yourself. since you were at work, you were probably distracted. if she will be in your office tomorrow, maybe you can ask her out for lunch.
dense enough not to realize a cute girl was hitting on me until it was too late.
as dense as a cement fruitcake?
so, i have come to the conclusion i am dense as .....
i love it here. you should visit! several times a year so you can get a feel for the weather. it's fun!
y'all can keep your climatic instability
http://9gag.com/gag/arvorm5
though trust me, i know canada has us kicked when it comes to cold. i'm just saying that nebraska has one of the widest ranges on earth. not the widest, i think that's in russia, but we're pretty darn close.
i know, but i put up the lowest limits. we just recently had a year with a range of -25 to 120 f, -32 to 49 c. it's regularly -23 and 43 c during a gentle year. like this year, it got to 46 during the fun part of the summer, detasseling, but it was a calm winter that only got to -23 or -24.  this place is perfect for someone who can never decide which season is his favorite, though i think it would be fall. i'm also known for being apparently canadian in that i wear a t-shirt and shorts in any weather.
@zem: we regularly hit -30c without wind during the winter. and around 40c is the average summer day.
rocket cat! he's going places! http://9gag.com/gag/arvob1j
gm, you should try nebraska! i'm too tired to translate this time, but regularly anywhere from -10 f to 115 f every year, usually breaking at least one of those, and that doesn't include the strong windchills or heat indexes! we get more drastic weather mood swings and experience all four seasons more distinctly than almost anywhere else on earth. we also have the most tornadoes per square mile of anywhere.
that's how we feel on a regular basis. it's kind of fun, keeps us on our toes.
that would put my system out of wack. i'd never be able to figure out how to dress for the outside.
well, with how close we are to the mountains, we can experience all 4 seasons, 5 if you include construction season, in the span of 24hours, usually less.
i forgot you are closer to the north pole than me. you must have been experiencing fall weather back in june.
chilly? it's 3 degrees out right now, but feels like 0.
@gm: chilly. it's proper fall weather out there today.
morning kittens. how is everyone today?
*waves at creeper* how is the little grey fur ball doing? gaining weight, i hope.
g'morning, ned!
g'nite, ned!
hi creeper!
hi doc!
hi... oops, too late. dang, maybe next time!
...that spelling though
consider it diregarded.....
please disregard hi.
hi
i want a new campaign. one that won't make me poor. one that won't deliver 3 years late or deliver me s***.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zucati/zucati-dice-plain-and-simple
there's always zucati dice? pricy, but really nice metal dice.
.......i need another kittens campaign. ... miss the excitement lol....
on another note, on the way back from my last class, i was under a tree and heard *tick clack tak* like an acorn falling from a tree. somehow as i was walking it bounced right up into my hand and i instinctively caught it. not sure if it's a sign or whatever, but it definitely added to my enjoyment of the day. i have it on my desk now. maybe for dessert? ;) also, great weather here: mid-50s, a slight breeze, and clouds but no rain and plenty of light coming through! it's nearly perfect!
nevermind, my day had a turn-around as well. the physics exam that the doctor didn't let me study for yesterday (my roommate had old episodes on the tv and we watched almost an entire season) was way easier than i thought it would be. the recitation is impossible, but the exam is cake. mmmmmm... caaaake. my tummy says it's time for lunch!
a cup of ramen noodles and an orange later and my stomach feels almost normal. the power of msg.
really? all this talk and no reference to mr. creosote?! who are you people?! (btw, geist, if you don't know, don't look it up. just sayin. unless you want to leave early today... just remember it's condensed soup)
lol. i shouldn't laugh but the image that popped up was funny. besides, that was a rather dangerous thing for her to do. the kid could have choked to death.
well, the aunt tried saw it about to happen, and tried to stop it by pressing a napkin to the kids mouth...bad move aunty...bad move.
wow. i'm surprised. i can't say whether or not that would stop me from eating. probably not. i've never had it happen while i was enjoying a meal. i've seen it a few times in clubs and what not.
...i really should be working, but i'm waiting on files...that justifies my procrastination, right?>.> also, 5 days(including today) until i'm off for a week!
nope. seeing it happen doesn't bother me either...i can keep eating at that time. in fact, when i was in disneyland for a friends wedding, saw it happen...in a crowded restaurant, and i kept eating.
i wish. so the sounds don't bother you?
will do, unless it starts to smell...then we have a problem. is it time to go home yet? >.>
morning gm. ignore the bucket near my chair.
morning kittens! @creeper: i ended up just selecting the most likely to fit(wasn't able to get my measurements and they sent out a "final reminder" email. @lz: it definitely is a good community over there. @zem: so far, my day is not terrible...could be better, but not terrible.
and that's how it gets spread. i feel really horrible, partially because i get to fail an exam in 3 hours, partially because i have no idea why, i just feel really bad today. this is going to be fun. how are we all connected so well?! one way or another, all of our lives suck today!
happy monday. i'm sick as a dog but have no leave so i'm at work. i pray i don't hurl before 5 pm.
that sucks victor. have you sent an email to the ek team? i'm sure they have a few boxes left over from the original campaign and will be happy to send you a box.
what a great day to start the week, 1. someone broke into my car. 2. stole my bag. 3. the bag had the exploding kittens box inside, they took the game. any chance there are any boxes left?
then decay. does that mean that tomorrow is going to be a decay day?
death happens.
wow, such a dead day.
no one? *streaks*
creeper, that sounds awfully familiar... so, do you wish i were over there now? ;) lz, that's amazing. however, there's just something about theaters that make it different, even from nearly exact setups at home. i like it, but if i had that setup, i'd never leave home. just plug my computer into it and glue myself to the couch. with a fridge in arms' reach.
zem, i rarely go to the theater. i have a 116" projector and surround sound, so theaters are usually not worth it to me.
creeper, i'm sorry. the other campaign i'm in is fantastic. most of the people read, and the creator is very involved with the community. in fact, if someone asks a question that was answered in one of the many updates, he'll tell them to read the update.
woof.  helping out on another campaign-gm will agree.  it's a mess right now with the survey, sizing info, lack of response... as a ton of people that just don't follow through with reading. half the comments could be solved if they just read.  the other half- if the creators would just post some answers.
well it's worth it, so get your butt to a theater as soon as it opens tomorrow and watch it!
nope, it's too early for me to see it
yup, not much missed at all. anyone seen the martian? i loved it. it's basically apollo 11 mixed with rocket man and matt damon. actually, that's the perfect description.
sorry i haven't been here, though i didn't miss much. helped my brother with his eagle scout project, though i won't be able to stay and help him finish it tommorow.
it's because it hates me for getting involved in another campaign.
for some reason it didn't bring up your name when i refreshed until now.
good afternoon, lz.
good morning, zem!
good what's left of morning, everyone.
watched the naked gun with my roommate and friend. it's been awhile since i've seen it, but no matter how many times i have, it's still just as funny.
yeah, but this has been in the works for over a year
that would be really cool too. but, y'know, zombitten.
jack skellington
a zombitten?!
i'm going to start work on my halloween costume
so... doo doo doo... how's your days all goin? y'guys got anything planned for the weekend? i just got some exams next week, but other than failing at life, not much around here.
jeez. soon they're going to kick you out and claim all the tuna for themselves. rise of the house of the cats!
oh man.... i left bedroom door open.  i just went in there and heard growling.  mama cat (not the one that abandoned nugget) was in there feeding her three kittens....with her teenager standing guard.  hahaha... what a mess
geist, that's a relief!  creeper, i know, right?! except for his eye and the white spots, it's exactly him!
awwhh!!!  that looks just like nugget!!!
the hurricane is going to pass by us but not before scaring everyone into running to the store for supplies. good grief were the lines long. not as bad as during snow season but pretty bad. at least the festival was rescheduled for the 10th instead of getting cancelled for the year.
also, a tip on how to get extra money from cakes: http://9gag.com/gag/a4lqz36 2 in a row? i have a serious problem. teeepp!!!
http://9gag.com/gag/albxnov for a second i thought it was nugget! creeper, teach him this!
crap! it logged me out finally, but thankfully chrome remembers my password. that's why i haven't seen activity there for some time! aaw, the newest member of the corps. this time he's actually a cat! though you never know... on the internet nobody knows you're a cat.
geist: i know, but other than donkey sex all i could find in my laziness was the poster. creeper: yay! activity on in the box and pics of the squeaker! on my way.
aww...poor fluffbutt. hope he gets better soon.
@gm- he has an infection.  little upper respitory congestion and in his eye.  but he gets antibiotics twice a day.  i also have to annoy the hell out of him and put medicated goop (neosporin consistency) in his eye. it's gotten much better though.
happy friday to you too geist. hopefully it's not a freaky friday.
yaaaaaaayy alan!!!!
morning gm. happy freaking friday.
morning kittens! @creeper: does the little ball of fur kitty have an injured eye? or just bright lights?
yeahrrsss!!!! my kittens arrived today! awesome awesome awesome!!!! :d big thankyou to blackbox for sorting out my shipping issue :d!!!
no you fluffernutters. i meant the movie with hugo weaving in it. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2130270/…
there are pics up of the little floofball in the forum!
fencing humor!: 9gag.com/gag/ajnkrzg
careful there, lz! that got one letter away from non-pg-13 material!
yay poop! and sarcasm! and poopcasm!
yay poop!  just saw martian now. it was an amazing movie, or at least i thought so. basically apollo 11 mixed with rocket man and matt damon. i thought it was really good. oh, and sarcasm. lots of that.
more poop from little nugget!!!  very happy day!
i figured as much. you have half the comments there.
i started after awhile just to comment. still haven't taken my 1 pound off of theirs yet because in case of comment emergency.
i think there were 2 people supporting the original. i was one of them. i was doing it to be an ass.
people. dumb people. probably alot of them didn't get a chance to fund the original and didn't know it was being sold and the others don't think there's going to be an expansion. who knows. people supported the original exploding puppies, and that sucked so badly. at least this one is of a little better quality.
how is that stoopid splodeen poopies almost half funded?!
i dunno, parasites are interesting. i've seen some messed up shit on the internet though. hell, i sometimes watch surgeries if i'm interested. i watched them cut off the top of a guy's skull, cut away the meninges, vacuum blood up, and cauterize the bleeding, then put it all back and stitch him up.
it can't be worse than what i saw during the parasitology section of my education. the whip worm wasn't floating in chili. prolapse rectum, that sort of thing. the std section was also bad.
dang you for making me look that up! i didn't really find out much about the movie because i'm lazy, but i went to images to see what the movie was about. most of the pictures were just the movie poster, but then, just a little ways down, was a picture of mules having sex. that's exactly what i wanted to see today. thankfully i have an empty stomach except for an apple and coffee.
and for the record, if you ever watch the movie "the mule", do so on an empty stomach. trust me on this.
@lz: lol! there goes my desire for pudding for dessert tonight.
i'm not sure what to think about that!
they're chocolate...don't ask!
i hope it was clean underwear. what were those brown spots anyway?
one of the items on the list was underwear. one team actually had that. only because the ceo is on town, and his luggage is in his office.
i would think playing that game would be kinda embarrassing. what if someone dumps out a pack of condoms or a bottle of viagra?
that sounds nice. i'm sitting here with coffee and an apple. trade you! actually, since "here" includes a comfy seat, a nice breeze, and youtube and no work, i'll stick with what i got.
yay for lunch parties!
well, the cfo's wife cooked us some buttered chicken, and the vp of hr brought in samosas as well. then we played the "what's in your purse(office version)", which ended up with some good laughs.
*drinks all around i wish i had mandatory food! then again, i live with a pretty good buffet with quite a bit of variety, the best one on campus. also, just made the fifth large pot of coffee in six days! the dry ice isn't the only thing buzzing around here. i mean seriously, who said the walls could vibrate like that?! i didn't even think nebraska was on a fault line!
to quote jack sparrow: weddings? i love weddings! drinks for everyone!!!
they mandatory feed you? sweet! i've eaten so much free food with all the training i've been getting at my new job, i've probably gained a few pounds within the last week and a half.
that was an awesome mandatory lunch that we had today. two people are getting married in the next couple weeks so we had a "bridal party" for both the guy and girl getting married(not to each other).
i still think nugget is a great name for him. let's go with that one. ... ... ... ... ... or gandalf. it could work! don't judge me! actually, that's a good thing to judge me on. i absolutely love the lotr universe and history.
well that was alot of fun! we had dry ice in lab, so obviously we had to play dry ice hockey, fill up a lab glove with co2 and pop it, and all sorts of other stuff. just brought back a piece and dropped it in my water for fun. i'm having a good day, how about you all? i haven't checked back here since last night, so i'm sure there's alot to catch up on.
good morning, all! icd-10 starts today, and it's something of a nightmare!
morning gm.
morning kittens.
oh please hurricane joaquin. please don't come anywhere near d.c. until sunday. the festival will be over then.
@creeper: it's called "art on the avenue". it's held in del ray virginia and it's the same thing as the crafty bastard festival except that it's free, it's bigger and they have a big yard sale held at one of the churches next to it. i've gotten some great stuff really cheap from that yard sale. i think it's the best part of this festival. artontheavenue.org
what festival is this?  and yeah-  i'm up super early feeding this guy.  i love scrunchie's face this morning- he was up early to stare at me for food.  sees me in the kitchen with this guy attached to me, mewing.  scrunchie was just a mix of perplexed, scared, didn't care because he wanted food.
it is looking less and less likely that the last festival will happen since we might get some of that hurricane wind and rain to hit our region on saturday. dang. and the sad thing is that next week is looking all sunshine and roses. (still chilly though)
@creeper: sounds like you have a human baby. bottle feedings? diaper changes? snuggling? yep, sounds like a human kid.
or you could name him after the main badass in my book: rogen.
what is souldiva? i think my phone is drunk. i meant to say any of those would work.
any of those souldiva work. if you still want a warrior name, there's maximus, aragorn, aries, machete, chuck, spartacus, achilles, ajax, rambo, or many more.
or "the cutest little fluffball squeaky butt!"
@lz- the vet is *pretty sure* it's a he.  just waiting for his two nuggets to show themselves.   right now we call him a mijon things.  but usually just baby, potato, nugget, fluffernutter, cupcake, smooshes, fuzz, frankie blue eyes (until his eyes change to their permanent color) pablo, paco, ....
i said no googling! also, sorsha's father is from tir asleen? the movie never says anything about that!
that darn b̶a̶m̶v̶ ... b̶o̶r̶m̶i̶ ... b̶a̶m̶v̶o̶r̶d̶i̶a̶ ... you know who i'm talking about. always up to his/her/its tricks! scoundrel.
*discreet typitty type type type* oh that's an easy one. w̶i̶d̶o̶w̶ w̶i̶n̶s̶l̶o̶w̶ willow! sorsha was the daughter of queen bavmorda and prince mikal tanthalos of tir asleen. she has red hair (inherited by her father) and stood 1.62 meters tall. bavmorda attempted to change her paternal trait by magic, but her true shade always shone through. my favorite of the... uh... asleeners? tanthalos gang? yeah, that's the one. too easy.
bonus points if you can identify the source of the name sorsha (no googling)
good stuff, good stuff! yeah, she'll probably go with nugget
gonna have to watch weapons of self destruction tomorrow. my favorite of his standups, though his first was nearly as good.
gandalf? yeah, i know, right?! but i seriously think nugget would work perfectly since she already says it so often. ` been spending my time looking at robin williams stuff because i saw a morgan freeman thing on craig ferguson's show, then saw him on the sidebar on craig ferguson, so i just watched a few. so weird to see the funniest person i've ever known and be laughing harder than i have in awhile and yet feel so sad.
oh, creeper's baby is a he? i was just about to suggest a great girl warrior name: sorsha
matthew: contact support@explodingkittens.com and they'll be happy to help you! it may take quite some time for a response, though i don't know if they still have near as many emails per day as they did, but to help yourself out, have a clear, concise subject line and include details in the body. also, be warned they may not respond, they may in fact just send it to you again. though it's probably not going to happen, wait like a week and a half to two weeks to send another message just in case. hope you get them soon!
i still haven't received my box. who the heck do i need to email/contact?
stop making me want to pet him! i think if gandalf is just out of your price range, then nugget would make a great name for him! also, the litterbox has just been completely empty, so why don't you fill it up with pics?!
@geist motherhood is stressful! this poor nugget has had a rough start and i'm trying to do what i can.  but bottle feedings, medication, etc, are tough on both of us.  i just want him to start feeling normal and play around.  he's starting to get a little more playful.  but he mainly wants snuggles.... fine by me. :)
he has a couple different moves, but other than that, it's an exact copy. also, it's just as bad on the computer.
hehe! he says it's a completely different game qua mechanics. so far, it sounds exactly like the mechanics of ek.
zem, i was using the app on my smartphone.
$407! are you guys seeing this?!
oh jeez, https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/akhilaryan/exploding-puppies-0/description is up to $370 now! what?! how!? who‽‽
gm, i was ccr, tep was johnny nash.
...i may have been wrong in my last comment now that i'm thinking about it...need to listen to more ccr either way.
@tep: ccr!
hey, tep, i wanna know; have you ever seen the rain?
tep, that's a pretty good one!  lz, it usually does that if you open a new tab with it. then the only option is to kill anything pandora related and then start over because no matter what you do there'll somehow always be one playing.
cold, had some nice cold rain last night and this morning. now the rain has gone (find that reference!) and we are left with the cold.....
howdy ex prez! how is the weather over where you are?
pandora, why did you play three songs at the same time?
creeper and kittens! http://9gag.com/gag/apgxo1r also, hi zem! back to 9gag for us.
of course
wow, it's gotten pretty busy in here now! just wanted to warn you all i have to leave again in like 10 or 15 min., so if you could all hold your comments till i get back that'd be great! thank you for your cooperation.
i can spare a few moments ;-)
yeah, you've been to busy with the others. gee...can't spare a moment for your brother and sisters in the corp? :p
sorry, zem. it's just been so long since i've helped anyone here.
howdy creeper! how is motherhood treating you?
come on, lz, i was getting my food! well, when the comment went up i was at class, but you still stole a customer! ;)
andrea, oh no! email the good folks at ek at support@explodingkittens.com with a detailed, yet concise subject line
thanks for the bourbon recommendation!
80 years later and many, many emails to exp0loding kittens support i still have no game whatsoever.  come to find out my games were somehow sent to some dude named andreas in thailand (not some girl named andrea in america- me).  *sigh* alas, i still have no nsfw game and hope that they might get my order to me sometime this century.  first world problems- i know.  this is what you get for being on starter from the beginning, something is bound to happen...  someone pray that the viking ship lost somewhere in time gets re-routed my way with my game.  chant for me! huzah!
hiya geist! hiya pot
hey pot! when you get a chance, can i ask you about beer and bbq?
just a quick heads up to any of you who happen to be bourbon drinkers.  i just stumbled across a bottle of some really good bourbon at my local liquor store and it is replacing my beloved jim beam.  the brand is 1792 and it is crafted in small batches (or so it says on the bottle).  there are not enough o's in the word smoooooooth to describe it, with lovely caramel and woody notes it is just wonderful.  and it isn't even terribly expensive
afternoon kc folks. happy hump day! the last festival of the year is this saturday and i can't wait. pity it will be cold and rainy on that day. why do i get the feeling that we are in for bad winter this go around? *makes mental note to start stocking extra food/booze supplies within the next couple of weeks*
but you just got here! have fun, because that sounds amazing! wish i could attend.
mornin' ya'll. i'm just popping in to say so long for five days.  i'll be hitting the road in the next hour and in a couple of days we'll be cooking up a mess of the finest barbeque ever seen on the planet.  (plus side dishes, baked beans, potatoes, and my world class bread pudding. creeper yes, it's kansas city, mo.  specifically arrowhead stadium, for the world series of barbeque.  if any of you happen to be in the neighborhood stop by "beer and smoking in las vegas" and introduce yourselves (look for the team flying the jolly roger on a tall pole), if there is anything available to eat i'll find a way to get you some.
good morgen, gm.
also, good morning kittens.
one survey down...one to fill out still and one to show up(soon to be two to show up). can't wait to get my messenger bag. :d
nope... still no better names than gandalf. sure you won't reconsider? ;) i feel like we had a cat's name that would work perfectly, but i can't remember it now. we've had so many cats in the past.
my heart is breaking.  kc as in kansas city?? i'm homesick!
yeah, better than having to live with and regret it for years to come.
it's good to catch such things early, i say. nip it in the bud and all that.
they were confused about where to take a measurement from.  all is well.  now.  i just hated doing that to them.  although it would have driven me crazy living with things as they were, or waiting until things were closer to completion to fix them.
jeez. most crews aren't that bad. or were you just indecisive? "put it here. no, over there... no, i liked it better before..."
no.  no natural disasters or board meetings,  but yesterday i had to have the crew redo about five different things, including move an entire wall.  twice.
kittencon! ;) how's the house coming along these days? no more natural disasters or town board meetings to threaten its survival.
busy.  between the house and getting ready to go to kc tomorrow i've been overwhelmed
hola, pot! how you been doin?
hey cats.  sorry i haven't been around much lately.
i know, it's (like the others) an exact ripoff.
they even copied the ek card back look
some people have no shame.
well you can comment that way. i will probably take it back as well.
i backed out of it, i'm not supporting a knock off that i don't believe in.
where's the old team of hecklers when you need them? corps, assemble!!!
should we enter sabotage mode? nah, let him be. he doesn't have a prototype for visualization, so it's safe to assume the original exploding puppies level of quality, plus they likely have no idea what they're doing and so will end up sucking on the delivery. but if they make funding, they've earned my one pound. i kinda hope they don't though; most projects lose steam in a day or two, and i'm thinking that's what'll happen with this one.
uh...zem...he's gaining momentum. he's over 170 raised.
and one for the kids: http://9gag.com/gag/azvzxmx
just a funny aside i forgot to add under the last comment and you can't edit them so i have to add now, did you know i can do a perfect roz impression? the original voice was a guy, so it's fitting. i love doing the "always watching" line to people to creep them out.
you know, i bet they know all of us because of the comments. i'm sure they've looked here before or at least know to look here. otherwise they're kinda out of the loop. the account they used to create that never supported this campaign, though, only a wooden wallet, so they can't comment here at all, at least not with that account. they can watch though. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i just did, gm. just a friendly warning that it's not going to work at all.
i'm surprised no one else has commented on it.
heck, even one of the creators' names is "a-kill"!
puppies are the chosen people. cats are infidels. death to the cates! god will judge them while we are in paradise!
watching their video, i'm surprised they won't get picked up as islamic terrorists. "we love all the bombs, and the guns, and the dismemberment! allahu akbar!!!"
gm, haha, right off the bat, their first comment. who knows, maybe this one will be of higher quality? doubt it, but i even higher-ly doubt it will make its goal, just like the rest of them.
...i couldn't help but put a comment on that one.
another one?!?! jeez, those things are still popping up!  good eye, philippe!
@creeper; pico is good ... and as an aside, pico can be mexican slang for a "little kiss".
anyone saw this copy cat (pun intended)? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/akhilaryan/exploding-puppies-0
aaw! come on, creeper! it's the perfect name! ;) ` i had an idea to copy all of my comments on my profile into word, delete all the "micah "zem the mattress" philson (too damn long ago)" parts, and see how many words i've commented ever. that would be crazy!
national coffee day?!?! you know what that means! i feel like this day was made just for me, but since it wasn't i'll just make an entire pot of coffee just for me. ;)
i am not naming kitten gandalf.
i remember you talking about gir. let's take a vote on names. here are the options: gandalf. voting will close tonight and the votes will be tallied.
i'm so excited for that jacket!   ohh, sweet gir
i had a grey kitten that was found in the middle of the road. his name was gir.
yes! call him/her taco!
also...i still need to go get my measurements for that other project...hopefully i can at lunch time today...or tomorrow.
@creeper: well, you might need to wait some time for his voice to change....that, and you need to let him/her choose his/her own gender. :p
his gender is in question because two things have yet to drop.  :) he's too young.
tacocat.
was kinda playing with the name pablo.  he's all grey with white tipped paws- like he stepped in paint.  mr. picasso.  and since he lives in spanish harlem...  although pico sounds cute...  pico de gato...  i think i just want tacos.
hiya cane!  i grew up with a small grey kitten we called dusty.  :)  and yep - that $600 steel pin was worth it, i'm sure.  dusty was nearly hit by a truck driver.  she managed to get the truck stopped just before her giant tire reached her.  the poor thing was frozen and shaking horribly. she brought her to my dad's office at the trucking company.
hello gcod! guess what i still haven't received!
my little gray kitten (found in the middle of the road after a car had passed over the top of him) from 1989 was smokey.  i know, bland name. he was worth it though, even after the $600 steel pin to repair his mangled left rear femur.
@zem: well, you know how kids are these days. need to let them figure things out for themselves. @creeper: i would give suggestions for names....but i'm honestly drawing an almost complete blank.
you mean the kitten hasn't decided on its own gender yet? or it's like the guevedoces? oh well, that means gandalf works perfectly now!
@geist- that would make for a very good portrait.  kitten and the precious. it *might* be a boy now, says the vet.  still haven't settled on a name.
yay pdragon!  glad you received your game!
jeez, guys, how am i supposed to get any sleep with all this shouting going on?!
just got my set yesterday, i'm really impressed by how good the quality on everything is. the personalized comic with the shipping info filled in was a nice touch. glad to see this continues the streak of good kick start choices i'm on *fingers crossed*.
conglaturations, steve! sorry about the glitch that made delivery delayed for you and some others, but at least you got it at last, and with an extra deck to boot! and trust us all: it's incredibly fun to play! so this weekend get some friends together and have fun playing all night.
sorry to interrupt the bantz (very entertaining for an 'outsider' nonetheless) but just wanted to pay kudos to elan and all involved. finally got my base and nsfw deck boxes this week - with an extra base copy to say sorry for being late. really loved all the personalisation touches to the packaging and materials too. sometimes, it's the little things. not played it yet, but to be honest - i don't care. looks great and i feel warm and fuzzy. anyhow, carry on guys and girls. cheers, steve. uk
it was almost 90 here. i'll trade you; i love cold fall weather.
*pats gm on the shoulder* don't worry. it's only a couple more hours until quitting time for you. then you can relax and continue your plan to take over the world.
note to self: it is now fall. going forward i will wear a wind breaker or sweater when i leave for work instead of the thin summer blouses i've been wearing all summer. my teeth are chattering when i'm on the bus or subway.
come on, guys, it's monday! that's holiday enough! aren't you glad to be back at work? take a vacation from the mundane vacuum that fills the rest of your life when you're not devoting all your waking hours to the company! i mean, who even does things on the weekend? i just lie in bed counting the seconds until i get to get to class!
only in another too damned long amount of time.
not yet. soon...
is it the holidays yet?
griffin, glad to hear it, thanks!
i've never really gotten into the comments for this (amazing) community since i just couldn't commit to all the chat you guys do, but i just wanted to say. this game is €%¥$ing great! the go to game for every single person i play with. thank you.
in other news, good morning everyone. happy monday!
no, creeper! it's a trap! don't reveal the precious!!! train gandalfina (still working on the name) to guard it well.
so happy you are now a mother creeper. i expect pictures to be posted on the kc forum shortly. maybe you can pose the little guy next to the precious?
i've been so tired today. on a weekend. think i should see a doctor? i'll sleep on it and see how i feel in the morning.
oh, forgot there was an eclipse. that's cool.
waaaiit a minute, geist? *scroll scroll* hey, it was geist and i didn't even think about it! i don't think she checked back again though. why not name her nugget?! i still think gandalf is purrfect even if it is a female: grey, wandering, friendly, intelligent (probably), likeable... what's the feminine form of gandalf?
durn!! i keep missing geist!   kitten rearing has been rough.  today was baby's first vet visit.  we got all kinds of medication.  but hopefully will help this little nugget feel better soon
remember the good 'ol days when you'd go to lunch for 20 minutes and have an hour's worth of conversation to catch up on? *sigh* the good 'ol days. we need to have a reunion on the anniversary and contact by force if necessary the entire corps. i miss alot of them.
apparently 4:52 pm is a popular time to do laundry. only 3 washers and 3 driers for the whole wing of the dorm and every single machine is full, one person waiting there for one to open up, and two loads sitting on the machines because the people didn't come to pick them up as soon as they got done and so someone else pulled the clothes out to put their own in. i guess i'll do it at midnight again then.
well then again, before filter paper, that's how it was drank. just drink the grounds; they won't kill you and may actually have some nutrients, though most of them are taken out by the water.
and straining it with your teeth...
ooh, that doesn't sound too pleasant. it sucks to have to clean basically half the machine because grounds escaped.
haha. just realized that on another website your profile name can only be 15 characters long, so this whole time i've been zem_the_mattres.
the last time i made coffee, the filter broke. there were all kinds of grounds in the final product.
fancy! no idea what's for supper, but can't wait to find out. i guess i'm running out of diversionary stuff to watch so i'll get to doing stuff in a few minutes now. i tried making coffee but did a really bad stupid. well, that's not to say i didn't make coffee, but sometimes i let it fill up the grounds container so it soaks all of the grounds properly and makes it stronger, but if you forget about it it overflows and makes a huge mess to clean up. wasn't fun and when i finish the coffee i'll have alot to clean up well, but oh well; coffee!
i'm just chilling today. lunch was two corn dogs with the sticks removed, covered with a can of chili with the can removed, covered in cheese and hot sauce.
so... what's new with you? i'm just watching youtube, cooking a corn dog, and avoiding cleaning stuff up and doing laundry until likely midnight as per usual.
that's a good yes-man detection scheme
well we like to settle disputes with chess games. i know they're manipulating me if i win because i wouldn't. that means they want me to believe it was my idea. funnily enough, i think it's tougher for them to make me win than to just checkmate me in 3 moves.
they're afraid of what you'd do if you didn't believe that.
and that from the guy whose minions were made up just to be super intelligent. good thing they respect me. or at least they want me to think that.
hmmm... i think your plan needs a little work. it's a good start. it's just a little rough around the edges.
they might see it coming, though, so we'll have to outsmart them. i know, we'll kill ourselves off! they'll never see that coming!!!!... . . wait a minute...
i like your thinking.
finding new recruits? we could make a joint effort of domination. and then obviously kill all of them and leave it for the kittens alone.
we're working on spreading corruption. it's nice to meet other villains.
not really. i'm having fun in the comments of the others.
i'm doin good. anything at all happening today?
how farest thou this fine morning?
good morning, zem!
good morning. technically still morning here for awhile.
and youtube to compliment my fine dining?! where do i sign? do you have a pen? oh, blood?... do you have a pin?!
ah, a packet of ramen, 2 corn dogs, a mexican pop, and maybe an orange for dessert. who says  college kids don't know how to live life to the fullest?!
because that seems like it'd be an oatmeal event as well as what do you mean "ks exclusive"? there's been some debate, grey areas, and upset people about it. think of it this way: if you got it here, so did 220,000 other people; i forget, but i think they said nearly a million decks were printed total. not very exclusive if you ask me.
why were ks-exclusive decks at beat the blerch morristown today?! grrr...
even for a cute 'lil gif? *dingadingdingding* come and get it!!! http://9gag.com/gag/avxlm9m aaw, who's a cute 'lil kittie?... nobody? echo!
come on, what, are you guys having fun without me or something?! where are you all? and more importantly who gave you leave?
them basty craftards!  woo. the annual husker homecoming and buttwhooping was today, now i don't know what to do with myself. looks like an open easy day. i'm not hungry, but i do want some hot hot wings. not hot just to be hot, but flavorfully spicy, yet bad enough you can't taste for the rest of the day. anyone want to go to buffalo wild wings?
only 3 1/2 more hours until the crafty bastards festival. i am so looking forward to this all year.
whee... super crowded in here... feels like i'm crowdsurfing... just gonna leave this here. (make sure you use subtitles; it's in french) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
well, one time i saw a rectangle on my wall with a circle protruding. when i turned the circle in a certain direction, it opened and i saw something i had never thought actually existed. i slammed the wooden rectangle shut instantly and swore never to go to this new discovery i called "outside" again. i called the proper authorities to deal with it, but they have been very slow in responding it would seem. though my point being there are rectangles of glass everywhere that act as portals to this "outside". the outside changes drastically in surprising coincidental response with the seasons, so if i'm too lazy to google what season it is, i'll just look to my right and make an educated guess. 60% of the time i'm right 100% of the time.
how do i know that fall is here? i have the space heater on in my apartment.
not to say i don't drink tea, just that i don't drink 12 cups (2.8 l!) of it at a time.
nope. not my cup of tea. considering i have a cup of coffee here...
have you backed it, zem?
yeah you can, lz. just tighten your belt for one day and that'll free up what, like 40 dollars? here's an apple. it's worth it.
i, unfortunately, can't add anything on at this point.
i'm contemplating adding more dice...don't know if i should though.
gm, i know! it's been going up and down all day.
...lz, we're losing ground on the others. it's gone down 400 since i last checked(we were are the 630k mark).
i didn't even notice that until you mentioned it zem.
matt: look below for the answers you seek. ` gm, i thought his last name was sklorz for a second and had a mini heart attack! he's following us!!! though we haven't heard of him in quite some time, which is either really good or really bad.
matt, contact support@explodingkittens.com about the problem. make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient. about 1-2% of the 220,000 backers have the same trouble. - this message brought to you on behalf of zem the mattress, copy and pasted by great mountain
dude, i never got my game.  is it ever coming?
among my search for good names for a grey cat, i've found a few sites that'll help. most suck, but this one had some good ideas: http://www.petplace.com/article/cats/selecting-a-cat/naming-your-cat/naming-your-grey-cat-name-ideas-for-cats-with-grey-haircoats
lz, to battle! creeper, i've always thought that kitten wasn't from that cat. might have been from another litter, and if that cat keeps letting her fall behind, that would be a sign. either way, you got yourself a little fuzzball that will finally stick around and may act as a gateway drug to the other cats to see you. just feed them all at the same time so they realize that you treat them the same as her, hope they get along with her, and maybe she'll start bringing friends over.
speaking of building things, you should totally check out the others 7 sins by guillotine games and cool mini or not. i think you'd like it.
zem, i'm always working on building my horde
sounds like you found yourself a cuddle buddy for sleeping, and when you're lounging around the house.
the mama rejected the baby!  two times we gave her back the baby.  after the third time of rescuing the little nugget, it's time she has a more stable life.  i can't deal with another morning of her feeling abandoned.  she needs to feel safe and cared for.
congrats, creeper! lil' cutie can show the rest of the kitties how it's done. though the mama is probably suspicious of you for stealing the baby so much. tep aaw, that's awesome!
lz, what, are you trying to make more zombittens? that can be easily construed as illegal and unethical. careful where you tread, dishonest, insubordinate busybodies; you may become one yourself!!! muhuahahahahahahahahaha!!!
i have to go get some sinus spray for babies.  she's super congested.  shes sleeping on a warm water bottle wth a stuffed toy at the moment.  and snoring.
or khalida!
someone suggested little edie because she's grey, i found her in my garden, and i hoard cats like a crazy woman
scylla!
awh pringles!!!
and a name. that's most importantest
kittens! http://9gag.com/gag/azvrrxz
now you're going to need to get the kitten to the vet, get a bowl for food, toys....you're going down a slippery slope there. :p
yep.  this kitten chose me.  her mama came by yesterday, kitten went to her.  this morning i heard crying again.  kitten waddled over to me.  i have been adopted.
i think they ought to post what it will take to get them, though. i think that would help boost the numbers.
yeah, i noticed that. we should be able to, it's still got 11 days(give or take 5 hours).
did you see that we're close to getting envy? i sure hope we also get wrath and gluttony
i know, right?
but that would have meant using her head...and not just fabricating anything. you know, common sense is a damned superpower these days.
she got a warning. she's not my employee, but her manager was there. she was afraid i might be doing something illegal, so she made a plan to build a case against me and told my employees about it, instead of coming to me with her concern. when i confronted her and explained that i'm not doing anything illegal, she started saying that she was going to talk to me, she just hadn't had a chance, and she knows that what i'm doing is fine if all the right steps are followed, blah blah blah. if she had come to me, she would have seen that the right steps were followed.
uh oh, that sounds like someone is getting a warning...or pink slip...probably pink slip.
ooooh! dishonest, insubordinate busybodies piss me off!
mmm...chicken wing friday.
mornin. such a boring night here.
morning kittens.
libraryofbabel.info is so cool! i searched the entire outline for my speech tomorrow and it was there with the spelling mistakes. somewhere, there's a version of my speech exactly as i'm going to say it. there's my speech exactly, but perfected. there's a version of my speech that could persuade any human alive, and a version that sucks (probably the one i'm going to use). it's just crazy to try to think of.
michael, contact support@explodingkittens.com about the problem. make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient. about 1-2% of the 220,000 backers have the same trouble.
so i've yet to receive the game �
http://9gag.com/gag/agn4331 as if you didn't have enough kittens in your life already.
this is such a great game! we are having loads of fun! what will you guys come up with next?
the amount that went to my savings, won't be touched until i absolutely need it. and that is looking like it won't be for a while since i've widdled my debts down a whole lot. now it's just the student loans to pay off, and the other loan, which all automatically happen every month.
that's a good investment. you earned a boardgame.
well...a good 60% went to paying off debt, 20% to savings, and the other 20% is sitting in my account.
wouldn't grandma be proud knowing where her money went?
whoops, forgot i have to prepare a speech for tomorrow! 2-3 minutes persuasive about anything. ironically, mine is about why you should study, or in the case of the communications class, practice speaking.
that's one way of going about it. i went with the justification of my mother shared part of her inheritance from my grandma with us, so i can afford it. especially since i have paid off most of my credit card(still a few things left to pay off from when i was barely making any money...like $12/hr with only 9-15 hours a week).
no, i used the "it looks really cool and i'm getting a bonus soon" line.
did you use the "it's a socializing campaign" line
oh, i didn't notice that before. alright, it's settled. i'm backing it! (yes, i've already cleared it with mrs lz)
it says on the campaign page that you have until 1 month before shipping begins to finish the pledge manager(which will be 5 months after campaign ends). so you should be good. since the estimated delivery is march 2016.
they like to do annual merit bonuses at the clinic. they are usually in december, i think. but, if the pledge manager timing is anything like black plague, i'll have plenty of time to get the bonus in time to pay for the game after pledging $1
i wish i was getting a bonus...right now with the way the oil market is, not likely for some time(though technically my position shouldn't get bonuses...i just know that i did back in april when we transitioned the us finance positions to the canada office).
i'll see if i can do a $1 pledge and come up with the other $99 before the pledge manager is due
i wish i knew when i will be getting a bonus and how much it will be.
because i'm a bad influence? contrary to what my parents seem to think...
damn it! why did i watch that video? i want it!
but it's a social thing! i'm sure she wouldn't mind if it was for a social gathering....or get it for her as a present? more for yourself, but still for her?
yes, they included that in one of their emails. i haven't looked into it because the wife has forbidden me to back anything else this year, especially games.
@lz: the guys who put out zombicide have another one out...that looks quite interesting. it's called the others: 7 sins....i just broke my promise to myself not to back anything else this year.
it's behind the barn.
findtheinvisiblecow.com
aaaand the mug is here! on another note, the litter box has been pretty empty of late. where are you all burying it?
i found how to win at fencing every single time! seriously, try this! http://9gag.com/gag/arrxd67
huzzah! my star wars force and destiny book came today!
the other one we found yesterday needed a warrior name.  she kept hissing, and was very assertive.  she would curl up on me, sleep, wake up and gently hiss like "i still do not trust you"  tough little cookie.  mama took her back right away.   i just don't know who this little one belongs to.  :(  mama took her eventually yesterday, but she was trying to keep up with the bigger kittens, and nearly got trapped again.  so we took her in.  she was just mewing like crazy outside the bedroom window.
when i tried remembering the names below of the kittens, i had to go to my mom's facebook pictures of them to remember them all in order. big mistake. we gave 3 of them away, the fourth, our favorite, jc, died like 2 weeks later from a disease (my mom for some reason kept ignoring me when i said to take him to the vet, though she did minutes before he died), and the mom, one of my favorite cats, was driven away eventually by the old old cat that's still around today, my favorite one. i really miss all of them.
it's so weird when you have a random name stuck in your head and can't remember it. it always happens when i'm not near a computer, but sometimes, like now with clyde tombaugh, i remember when i find one. i'm never interested in the people themselves, only who applies to that name.
i always try to name cats after monsters or creatures. the last time i was allowed to do that, the cat's name was critter.
best naming scheme ever: cultural. we named our cats from different cultures one time. they were pikachu (japan), jean claude philippe jacques perez (french) (jean claude, or jc for short), dark stormy clouds over the prarie at night with moon peeking through (native american) (dark one, or stormy for short), and bob.
good name for a cat: scylla
gm, yes, that's how they're working it. you get in on the $100 level. then, when you get the pledge manager, you will have the option to add on wulfsburg and the knight pack, which will cost a total pc $50. you'll also be able to get any optional buys you want.
oh. oh wow. oh jeezis. that's alot of comments. i finished lab early and everything! my epic mug (http://www.zazzle.com/epic_mug_of_coffee_20_oz_large_ceramic_coffee_mug-183788720168640880 ) will be arriving today! awesome!  dang it creeper! had to punch a man to feel like a wall again! that's so cute! if that one never goes back to mama much, make her the housecat. names... little grey kitten... lost, nomad... too bad it's a girl according to your pronouns or else gandalf would've worked perfect! i'll be thinking of good names all day, so i'll try to pick the best and bring them here.
it's only letting me choose the $100 level...hopefully i can up the ante on it...and get more.
at the moment it is just "little grey one"  no discussion of name yet.
my roommates said "dont let the cats see you give her a bath.  they will flip the eff out and never come near us"
what are you going to call her?
scrunchie was probably sending telepathic communication to the kitten saying, "what are you doing? don't you know how dangerous the giants are!?"
she dozed off in her towel for awhile.  but then i saw another flea, and i tried to snatch it (successfully).   so she woke up.  fed for a bit.  when she lays on me, she tries to crawl up between my neck and shoulder.  i just don't want to get fleas in my hair... so i wrapped her in a warm towel in a basket.  she passed right out.
i was holding her outside and looking at scrunchie like "see? i can hold y'all and not cause harm!"
..are you holding her as she sleeps?
oh my goodness.  just gave kitten a bath - but i wasn't thorough enough.  merp.  finally got her to feed.  she's fast asleep now.
you should. my $200 is getting me about $650 worth of stuff. the deadline is november 6
plus, i noticed a late pledge thing on there...might do it.
well, i ended up not backing it because at the time i had no money to spare...now though, i might be able to since i received a bit of money from my grandma's estate. most of it went to paying off bills, some to savings, and the rest is sitting in my account looking at me like it wants to run away.
i thought you ordered one. i know bakhan did. he might be an easier one to get stuff through, considering the proximity issue.
@lz: and you didn't order me one? i thought we were brothers in arms.
i decided to get the murder of crowz along with the deadeye walkers and deck holders. tack on shipping, and i had to pay an additional $43 today, for a total of just over $200
congrats! that's awesome
ummm...nevermind....tinier one came back to us....
they will be back, and the one who nuzzled in, will come right back to you. mewling to be picked up for more nuzzling.
well, as much as wanted to keep them both.  desperately.  but we had seen a nursing mama walk by the day before.  we had to set the kittens outside and see if mama would take them.  she did. nursed them and shuffled them away.  i am sad.  but of course it's for the best.
i think you found one who will cuddle with you from now and, and open the floodgate to being smothered in kitteny goodness.
i tried, but both of them were quite squirrely!  i did however, hold one up against my chest for my heartbeat.  she curled right up and nuzzled under my neck like a sweet little precious ball of kitteny goodness.
only one question...did you take one into the palm of your hand and it fell asleep(as per the 9gag post from tep yesterday?), if not, it was not a good day.
oh my goodness... the kitten drama i endured yesterday.  rescued a tiny mewing little creature that was stuck in the yard next door.  there were towels and ladders involved.  then bottle feeding... then someone over heard me say "kitten" and they thought i lost mine - and they said "oh- we just found one in our yard!"  and handed me a tiny little grey nugget.  so i got to care for two little baby mewing fur balls.
@lz: i'm waiting on 3 of the last 4 surveys....one of them just finished the other day, so i'm not worried. and i've backed some of their previous campaigns before as well(the everyday messenger one).
black plague pledge manager = complete!! here's hoping they are able to ship even remotely on time!
hi there micah, i've sent an email before to first email you mentioned, but it seems they did not report back. thanks anyway, i'll also try my chances with second email.
alexander, if i looked through your comments on your profile, i don't see any others on exploding kittens. if you left it somewhere else, i can't help, but if you left it here, we did respond, though we're not a team, we're just friends who help people out. also, here isn't the place to go for help. that'd be emailing support@explodingkittens.com or explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool . also, they've been having really bad troubles with shipping to russia, so i don't know how many got through, but they've been trying very hard to get the ones that won't through the borders, which i think are most of them. also, they had a problem with shipping, so if you emailed support above, you should have gotten an email saying that it will be shipping now since it couldn't before, but since you didn't, i would email those again. have a short, clear subject line and say your problem clearly and with details in the body of the email. hope that helps.
hi there. i was hoping to get an answer to my complaint i left on your site due to the problem with delivery. there is still no feedback and tracking number, so there is no way for me to know whethe you've sent it or not and even if did i would not know if there was a problem with the delivery again... i've already read about successful deliveries to russia so i'm really concerned whether you'll be able to ship it. best regards, alexander.
darn it, vsauce! he crashed a website again because of people trying to go there now. the library of babel is really cool though. (libraryofbabel.info) it has every 32000 character combination of the 26 letters, comma, space, and period possible; in total, 10^5000 pages all in an algorithm that takes the wall, book, and page entered to the library to make the combinations. anything that can, has, will, or is even possible to be said is in there including the details of your birth, every possible death of yours, and these words as i type them, which i will search as soon as i can because that's freaking amazing! and anything with even a one letter variation. note: all numbers need to be in letter form and special punctuation can't be used either, including colons, semicolons, apostrophes, and exclamation points, which i'll edit out.
help you destress at work. bad day? just pick up this kitten!
...the warning was useless. i want one that will do that!
i thought having seen it beforehand was enough of a vaccine against the cuteness, but i was wrong!!! i need that as a screensaver or something! i'll never build up an immunity to that level of cuteness.
zem! cuteness overload! http://9gag.com/gag/arvvoab you have been warned...
ok, i'm back. your lives can re-commence. have a good day, underlings.
wait a minute, vaca is spanish for cow, ion means a non-neutral atom with more or less electrons than a neutral state... electrocute a cow! science! and logic!
race to the vacation! wait, i really wasn't here this whole time? 2 hours, sure, but i've been here for one. wow, i forgot to check on here when i had a chance! now to go again.
yeah. i hope you get it. good luck!
i shouldn't have forgotten to mention, 90% of the time the termination/transfer forms aren't filled out properly. so there is tons of going back and forth getting the proper dates that the person last worked, where they are transferring to, if it's a termination or resignation...i really need that vacation...probably before my manager takes hers at the end of october.
ouch. that's why i always hate it when doing my job properly depends on other people doing their job properly.
not turning in termination paperwork for salary staff, which in turn makes it highly possible to overpay them. also not getting proper approvals for certain hours, and we need those approvals before we can actually pay out those hours.
is this related to people not turning in their timecards on time?
i can't go for a walk, i need to process the payroll, and have it submitted in the next 1.5-2hours...with 2.5-3hours of work to do for it.
that bad gm? why not go for a quick walk? no need to let these folks run your blood pressure up.
wait, who brought the whiskey? is it fireball? that's my favorite whiskey.
but dying by alcohol poisoning trying to set the record of whiskey drinking in an hour would be way more enjoyable!
i need a 1000l barrel of whiskey to get through this day....or just shoot me now. -.-
morgnon. it's starting to feel like fall here as well.
morning kittens! and, happy equinox!
in addition to what pot said below, blackbox had a glitch recently, so all of the boxes they meant to ship didn't get shipped. that's why so many people didn't get theirs. they said they'd be shipping early this week, so i hope you all get what you ordered soon! just keep a positive attitude and patience, because for whatever reason, you were part of the estimated 1-2% of all backers to whom something came up during shipping that held it up. understandable with so many orders needing to be prepared, just sorry it had to be you. hope you all get them soon!
@siddhesh. i don't know why you didn't get a tracking number but hopefully your kittens will show up soon.  i don't know where you are in the world but i would suggest waiting at least a couple of weeks before contacting them again id you're in the us.  if you're somewhere else you may need to wait even longer.  i'm sorry this is happening, but at least you got a response.  let us know when you get it. @vladimir there have been customs issues getting exploding kittens into russia, i don't know what the problem is, but the team is absolutely aware of it and working on it.  i've been told they plan to send an email in the next week or so addressing the issue to their russian backers.  the customs issue has apparently been a problem for all russian backers.
woohoo!!! already had a response back. they're going to resend my kittens! awesome and thanks so much :d!!!
micah, thank you very much for you response. as i wrote below, i've already sent an email to blackbox, so now i will just wait for response patiently.  jfyi, my friend didn't receive his ek too. we are living in minsk, belarus. i think, that delay can be because of carrier, but from other campaign at kickstarted, i've receiver my reward after 2-3 weeks of waiting. the carrier was usps.
no kittens here yet. i emailed blackbox and they said they would ship a replacement, but they didn't answer after i sent them my mailing address for confirmation, plus i asked them for a tracking number.
@powers of tesla: i sent an email to support@explodingkittens.com on aug 25, i am also in contact with blackbox. they said they have shipped a replacement but that hasn't been delivered yet. moreover, there is no tracking number, so no hope of knowing the approx date. and yes, i did complete the survey, and that too quite early. i am still hopeful though that i will get my box of kittens. thanks for the response
hi, dave! yeah, don't expect a kickstarter object to arrive on your whim. ek was done amazingly well, one of the best run ever. its only problem was that it had to deliver to more people than any other campaign ever, making it need to create new methods of delivering on their promises. i hope most of the backers don't go into another project with as high expectations.
i did a kickstarter for a gift one time. and it ended up as a gift 2 years later
yeah! damn all this crap!
terre: you... could have literally looked at the comment below yours! really? i bet you won't check back for responses either. people just come here to complain.
if you can not deliver on first card set how in the world are you going to deliver on any expansion sets . i yet to get my set. i purchased it as a gift! you ...
vladimir, contact support@explodingkittens.com about the problem. make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient. about 1-2% of the 220,000 backers have the same trouble.
conference calls are booooorrrrriiiinnnnngggg!!
well, my survey was submitted on may 29 or so. still didn't receive neither order, nor any shipping tracking info. the deadline was on september 18.  i've sent an email to blackbox on september 20, but still no answer. is there any other backers from belarus, who have already received their ek?
the next ek expansion gift: http://9gag.com/gag/agrga0x
no kidding! five programs for what should be able to be done with one or two is ridiculous.
*termites knock back* that sounds like a whole load of both gits and shiggles, gm! don't die on us from all of your work crap.
oh, it sounds like you got a crap timeclock, then. the one we use does all that.
oh, i forgot to announce it yesterday, but my copy of tiny epic galaxies arrived yesterday! i'm so happy that i haven't had a problem with any ks campaign so far (knock on wood).
we'll see. we need to take the file from one app, use another to calculate the overtime, then save that in a certain format, use another app to pull in the rates they are paid at, then use excel to create an upload file, then upload it to the program we pay through. right now, we get an excel file from the admins, create an upload file, and upload it.
that's rough. once all the kinks are worked out, it will probably save you a bunch of time, though
we're also implementing a time clock system...and it's going all corkscrewy. one step forward, 15 back.
oh, i hear that. i would also love to do that. i don't have enough pto for that, though.
i'm talking about taking a whole week off, and just unwinding. problem is...that is not going to happen easily.
so could i. we need to lobby to make the ek project end date anniversary a national holiday so we can take it off.
i could use a day off, as well.
i need a vacation. and i just so happen to have 6.3 days of vacation left to use this year...maybe up to 7(if christmas eve request gets denied).
i just realized it's been forever since last we heard of sklorz. either he learned his lesson from my long chat with him or he learned from us (because for some reason you all gave him tips on how to scam better and make the project look nicer) and is good enough the kitten patrols haven't caught him.
oh yeah, forgot the pope of nope was visiting your humble area. that's exciting if you're into it, but if you're not, i could see how it would suck. people from all around america coming to see him. gm, that's gotta suck. for them. and how much you wanna bet they'll blame it on you? ;) creeper, you need to assert order over all your campaigns. get those coat people in line! *cracks whip* hyaa! don't steal from our fun!
glad the kittens are finally warming up to you creeper. hopefully they will start jumping in your lap and asking for a belly rub next.
the pope is in town today. traffic is a nightmare. tomorrow will be worse.
hooray for not being able to pay people because they don't submit their timesheets to be entered. too bad 99% of people live paycheck to paycheck.
alan - that does suck. :(  but ek is definitely working to make sure everyone receives their order.  as long as you sent an email to support@explodingkittens.com you should hear back within 2 weeks.
worst suck ever. just discovered that fedex totally failed in getting my eks to me in south africa because the address i supplied to the kickstarter is a po box amd they don't deliver to po boxes. not only that, but they've already been returned to sender (and are back in the states). so now am waiting to hear back on my query... sigh...
hi siddhesh. i'm not elan.  elan rarely checks this comment section, so chances of him ever seeing your comment are pretty low.  the creative team is working on the shipping problems. what email address have you sent inquiries to?  support@explodingkittens.com?   have you sent an email to explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool?  how long has it been since you sent your email?  it has taken two weeks or more for a response lately, although that lag should be getting shorter.  did you complete your survey in late may/early june?  did you complete it at all?  if you got it in late, or sent in address changes late that has pushed your shipment back. blackbox is the organization dealing with the shipping.  in fact they just sent out an email apologizing for some delays they've had.  the creative team is committed to getting all backers their rewards they are working diligently to get everyone their rewards.  i know it's difficult but if you have contacted blackbox try to be patient.
hi elan, still haven't received my package, no replies to my emails either.....! starting to wonder if i will ever get to see them
now i have some commenters on baubax trying to figure out which pockets would house the kittens and the precious butter knife in the appropriate space.  would the kitten fit in the drink kozie? so on and so on.  all my ks campaigns are melding.
i meant to say - roommate came home and we already discussed "project day" to build some good shelters for everyone this winter.
yeah, roommate just came home.  we watched a kitten scale a (small) tree while mama was drinking water.  mom comes back and stares at us through the window like "you stole my kitten.  give her back" meanwhile, kitten is above her trying to figure out how to get down.  it was a tense 10 minutes of death stares from mama.  kitten finally figured it out and fell on top of mama.  our backyard is very entertaining.
just about anything would be worse than that! just make sure they're all good through the winter since they were born late. recently the winters have been more mild, so i hope this one is too. well, not for me, but maybe for them.
there are worse problems to have.
she was super pregnant this summer, jumped over the fence and showed up two days later no longer pregnant.  this was her second litter.  her teens are hanging out back here now.  roommate and i thought she had abandoned her second litter because we never saw them. (this was about 6 weeks ago).  finally, she starting calling them over to this side.  :):)  ....and now there are way too many kittens to take care of!
oh yippee. we're using that solvent that i can't wear contacts while using. in the words of my roommate, "woo. (sarcastically)". i can't wait. looks like i'm gonna have to borrow my lab-neighbor's goggles again.
wait, brand new baby kittens? hope they grow up well before it gets cold! just make sure to tell them you're plenty willing to invite them into the warmth and foodth of your own home. also, like she had them there or they're already moving around and exploring? because if she had kittens in your house, that's pretty crazy. i doubt that's what happened though.
oh my lord.  so... there's the two original cats.  and mama cat and her teens.... and she's now laying under the tree by the bedroom, with three more baby kittens that i was sure she had abandoned.... there's literally a pile of kittens right outside my bedroom window.
yay!  that's super awesome of them!!
huzzah!
huzzah for free apology gifts!
thanks micah.
dark, i had been told, but haven't seen the email yet and didn't know of the apology gift. that's awesome! hope it arrives really fast! and it's so worth the wait, though i'm sorry you had to wait.
hi everyone.  hope you're all enjoying ek.  just thought i'd share an extremely cool e-mail i received last friday.   sorry if someone already shared this e-mail.  i should be getting my game this friday on my birthday!   dear valued customer,  blackbox here, reaching out with an update on your exploding kittens kickstarter reward. we're really sorry you haven't received your order yet. as it turns out, we had an issue that caused a delay in shipping.  we're incredibly sorry about this. your order will ship early next week. when it ships, you'll receive a confirmation email to track your order.  as a free apology gift, exploding kittens is sending you an extra copy of the first edition of exploding kittens with your order!  we really appreciate your patience. if you have any questions, you can reply to this email and we'll get you sorted.  sorry again,  - blackbox
second day in a row where every website but youtube works. what the heck?!
huzzah! are we still doing that? huzzah!
got to play the game with family a bunch last week, it was a great time!
hey, geist! that's understandable. good luck!
*pops into thread* just a quick "hello". i started my new job today and so far so good. we will see in the weeks ahead if i can do this. i hope so. i am loving getting benefits and despite the fact that it's so damn far away and is costing me an arm and a leg, i'm hoping that once my trial run is over, they will offer me more money. in the meantime, i should be on here more on the weekends or late evenings. (can't be spending time chatting on the computer at my new job)
feed them cake. it may kill them, but at least it's killing them with kindness. ;) ... kind of like that dr. who episode... besides, if you lock yourself in a room with them, you get to take the day off work! for a *cough cough* family emergency *cough cough*.
i did see the stories!  i love the reaction 'that's what happened to me."  hahaha. i think the kittens are adjusting.  they just hiss so much.  it's kinda cute.  but one walks around in teh apartment.  getting used to smells.  i just dont want him to spray.  they are slowly adjusting to the human.  i think if they were locked in a room with me, it would probably only take a day, maybe two - since i've already been feeding them.
ooh, kickstarter is a pbc? that's really good, but the next step is a not-for-profit! then they can let creators keep all the proceeds towards their goal! don't know how they'll survive on that, but if they could it'd be awesome.
my mom's cousin got a savannah cat and it was really irritable, so he locked himself in a room with her for 3 days until she calmed down and tolerated him. still doesn't like other people much, but with him, she's a normal cat. those weren't a pleasant 3 days though. he had scratches for months after even just from trying to feed her. anyways, that was just to say if you're locked in with someone who feeds you for long enough, you'll get used to their company pretty quickly. most cats i'd say only a day or two till they like you. also, creeper, did you see the baker's stories i put down there?
now, you just need to trap them in there, and force them to get used to being indoor kittens. and to being near you/cuddling with you.
thanks for the update, pot. also -  there are kittens in my apartment!   opened back door.  put cat food in bedroom.  little black hisser just walked into the living room (where i am) and meowed.  mama cat and another kitten is in bedroom.  and now i hear a ruckus so i have to investigate.  kittens!
creeper: at you. maybe not quite exactly the same for you, but i know you have your own horror stories and war scars to whip out and compare at parties. http://www.tickld.com/t/1271782
very interesting. that will be a big help in helping people, but that crowd is hopefully dwindling very much by now.
i have heard from the exploding kittens support staff.  this is some of what they had to say about what is going on. blackbox is still shipping, but they did experience a computer glitch which caused a delay in the orders of some backers who requested address changes or submitted their surveys late. everyone affected should have received an email already, but just in case there's a rollout, i'd say they should have received their shipping confirmation by last friday. the "batch 1" people who filled their survey out by the original deadline all were postmarked at the end of july, so if someone is having an issue, and they completed their survey that long ago, their package may have been lost in the mail in which case they should email explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool russia... we've been fighting and fighting to get our packages through russian customs, but we have not been able to make much progress. we will be reaching out to all of the russian backers who have not received their packages shortly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch… it was just asking to be done.
you know what, even though it's not a cat, it gets me every time. i can see why my mom loves pigs so much. http://9gag.com/gag/avxmdbp darn you tep for starting this!!!
ok, it won't happen again! jeez, just give me the silent treatment.
oh, hai. didn't see you all there. has it been that long since i was here?
yep. now i get to focus on making my jack skellington halloween costume.
well, that sucks.  (i must have missed that part!)  because a- it sounded really cool and b - i know you already put some work into it.   but at least now you won't have to stress over it all.
no, that's why i was in such a pissy mood earlier: i officially cancelled it this morning.
are you still going through with the whole thing?
very much so.
yay!  glad to see ek in the stores and selling!! and lz - i'm sorry.  it's frustrating as hell to plan something, have people confirm, then drop out.  it's selfish and irresponsible.  i think it's happening more frequently too.  people lack common courtesy to recognize that you put time and effort into something.  it's angering.
definitely not
and it gets pretty loud for just a nice coat. totally not worth the effort.
i tell you what, though...i'm never making one of those again! once you get them sewn together, keeping them all fed and watered becomes a chore. and don't even get me started on the poop!
like a blanket made of kittens.
is that what this is? wow... it feels so... warm and fuzzy.
yeah, i didn't even know how to respond to a positive comment about the ek availability
awesome lz. that'll be fun to mess around with. whaaaaaaat?!?!?! a comment about finding exploding kittens somewhere that isn't a b****y complaint?! this has to be sorcery. out with you, wizard of the darkness! begone!
the good news for the day is that my new projector came today. it has a bigger (116"), much sharper screen than my old projector.
kittens are exploding in target in northern virginia! i was wandering through my local target and saw exploding kittens and the nsfw deck on the second shelf from the top under the party favorites banner in the games section.  each was in a six box retail display box, and three of the basic game boxes were absent (presumed sold) and four of the nsfw boxes were missing (again presumed sold),  great to see a game i backed on a major retailers shelf!
tep: have at ye! http://9gag.com/gag/azvgnvz
miami is kicking the husker's butts, expectedly, but we're holding out pretty well. i mean they're really aggressive and we look like pansies in comparison, but still, it could be way worse.
no. if i do that, they'll do it for free. that's counterproductive
aaw, tep, i saw that one! i should've posted. lz, go to their houses in all your zombie shooting gear and shanghai them into it. they can thank you later. with a court order.
zem, i see your 9gag post and raise you this one : http://9gag.com/gag/am8mwmv
yeah. i'll get over it. it's just frustrating.
yeah.  i usually try to avoid kicking people with guns in the crotch.  usually a bad idea.  you know, 'cause people heal. sorry about your event.
i don't know if that would help in this case. i started an annual zombie-themed shooting competition a few years ago. this year, i decided to ask the people who typically participate when they wanted it. the majority wanted it a week from today, so that's when i scheduled it. i told them all six months ago when it would be. now, all but three have said they're not coming. three!! out of a usual twenty! everyone has come up with some lame excuse about something that just came up. to that, i say: six months! you have known about this for six months! i don't believe that your party just "came up." i put a lot of work into this thing, and your party or appointment or trip to the zoo or whatever could just as easily have been on a different day!
have you tried kicking them in the crotch?  as a last resort kind iif thing of course.  i always try reasoning first, then screaming like a crazy person then, if all that fails, i go for the old crotch kick.  but be absolutely certain you don't miss, cause if you miss you won't get the chance to run away clean.  and there are likely to be some hard feelings about it.
people annoy me. i mean, like, a lot. they are aggravating. i'm pissed. need retail therapy, but don't have the money. anyone wanna buy a $50 book for me?
that movie was really good. and really funny at parts, but i couldn't tell if it was intentional or not at times, which made it even better.
hola dave! watching john wick now. sometimes it's funny by accident, but it's a really good movie so far.
cards against barf...
that dorm camping trip i mentioned earlier that got called off because of rain was held at the dorm itself and ended up being the neihardt house party pt. ii. it was alot of fun. got to kick some butt at cards against humanity and ping pong.
'sup?
yo.
huh. nothing this whole time!
donna, contact support@explodingkittens.com about the problem. make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient. about 1-2% of the 220,000 backers have the same trouble.
hi, i haven't received my package even though it says it was delivered. i believe it got sent back and i just want to know whom to contact to find out if my package got returned? thank you
well that's really good! that's like the test to see if your house is sea-worthy.  warning: your house may not necessarily be truly seaworthy. do not attempt to commandeer your house like a pirate ship and sail it across the 7 seas.
good news, the walls that were up, are up at the new house site.  no noticeable wind damage.  no doubt the basement is full of water but that is ongoing in any case until we can get the exterior buttoned up and the floor poured.
don't be that guy: http://9gag.com/gag/avle17m wait, crap, am i turning into tep?!
@alexey(if you check here again): it's not just russia that fedex sucks at dealing with. we have shipments going to one of our locations(for work), with the right address, but fedex drives in, turns around, and leaves because the name on the building isn't the same as for the mother company(the location is for a company we recently bought out). doesn't even get out of the truck. now, we are talking people's pay checks here, so it's a little more frustrating than a deck of cards.
i love when people change a meeting, 5 times, and the final time for it is right smack dab in the middle of my busiest day of the week...too bad i won't be able to make the training session. oh well.
good luck with the house pot.  i know it's not fun to deal with, but i really do miss a good storm.
muhuahahahahaha!!! ` well, walking to and from this class was perfectly dry. watch it start up again now.
well, zem, when evaluations are done, it's back to the sops
wow, literally 2 minutes after i get back from class, i hear the pitter patter of santa's feet on the roof. or rain. more likely santa though.  another minute later, it's pouring like mad. another minute, it's hailing! wow, glad i got here when i did! can't wait to go to my next classes.
and at least it's not sops. ;)
gm, i'm good! friday, nothing to do until later this weekend, tons of fun planned... lz, have fun with that. though just think; it'll all be over soon!
pot: we're going to have a big storm today, apparently. and we're gonna try to have the annual dorm camping trip unless it rains bad in the next few hours and they can't set up. and no, i never did contact them.
time to get up and go to work. i'll be finishing evaluations today
morning kittens. how is everyone this fine day?
@zem.  have you been in touch with the ek team?
morning ya'll. @creeper.  today things are wet.  we had an intense storm front go through last night, lots of tree limbs down.  i am concerned about my walls at the new house.  i'll probably run out there later today just to check.
haha. i love kittens. reminds me of aristocats.
g'morning pot- how are things today? backyard kitties have been fed.  despite their (two of them) love of hissing and meowing when look at them and then look away.
flollopin' all over a mofo! top o' the mornin, nikola.
do not mess with the mattress. he will go sideways on you and give you a verbal bitch slappin'. g' morning kittens.
and on that note, time to go to sleep. see y'all's's tomorreh.
alexey, ok, if you're just going to be cranky and not take it seriously, then don't expect good results. seriously, email support@explodingkittens.com or explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool . and trust me, they didn't make nearly any money off the campaign. in fact, they had to fix a few things so that they didn't lose any on it. those 3 people who worked on a thousand emails or more per day? they worked longer hours than i bet you've ever had to, yet that was as good as it got. just contact support@explodingkittens.com and don't complain to us. if you're going to berate the thing we've donated so much time to, do it somewhere where it will get results. as i mentioned, you can't get help by complaining on here, you have to go to the team directly and be patient! and again, you're not the only russian having trouble; it has always been hard to get things there. complain to fedex if they're being dumb about bringing it over or have it shipped to a foreign friend who can then ship it to you using normal mail or some other service.
please, stop blaming russians for your inability to handle shipping and answer support emails. this is ridiculous.
seriously, people. this is not a customs issue, this is strictly a fedex issue. they don't want to deal with customs documents. i order things from amazon and other usa retailers every month or so. usps works fine. even shitty dhl, which amazon uses, works fine. 1-2 weeks is the usual delivery time, not months. also, having 200k+ customers is not an excuse for bad customer service. with all these orders, you know, you also get a lot of money to hire support staff and also to hire people who actually know something about logistics of international shipping.
nope, nevermind, it did it again. man, it wants to remind me of how good that nap was!
hey, it worked this time! i hit "comments" and it showed my recent comment! is it fixed?!
ooh! too bad i don't follow the nfl until maybe december. the huskers are still exchanging butt-whoopins. i know, to see the new comments, i have to cut the url and then paste and search it. it's really annoying.
ok- at least i'm not the only one. :)  just found the new ones.  this game is too stressful!!!!!  chiefs vs. broncos.
where are all the comments?
i can't believe i just now discovered the rutles! i'd say, "why is this not a real thing", but it became a real thing. also, eric idle is a comedy genius. nothing new there. i couldn't stop laughing the entire documentary.
if i copy and paste the url into a different tab, it brings me to the most recent comments, but if i hit comments to refresh it, it starts with my comment 4 hours ago starting with "so, low on sleep..." why are you so weird, kickstarter comments?
nope, sorry, never seen that movie, whatever it is. i would know if i had, i'm just like that with movies, but if they find out, tell me because it sounds like it could conceivably make a good movie.
oh, what?! it didn't bring those up when i checked before commenting! sorry bout that. though it applies for the rest of the time.
i never know if it's empty or if people just avoid commenting for whatever reason. though it is the week, so you're all busy until like 10 pm. and on weekends, you never check on. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
all he remembers is a housekeeper or janitor listening to an english lesson on a walkman.  you hear the english lesson playing.  then they are killed (not sure if you see this happening), and then the frame is just of the walkman on the ground, blood on it, and it says "adios... goodbye"
perhaps y'all can help me if anyone is around. coworker is trying to think of a movie.  he can only remember a scene.
so, low on sleep, nothing to do until tomorrow, that day being the weekend... yeah, time for a nap! don't know how long it was, but for the first time in a long time i slept for some time, got up to my alarm (in fear of the 8 waiting behind it because i ignore them too much) and got up not feeling worse than when i went for one. now i remember why people take them in the first place!
why is time moving slower than a snail in molasses in january?
@ryuuhime1987 in case you haven't checked back yet, see my comment below for instructions on how to get help getting your deck. ` https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/richardgale/ginosaji-the-horribly-slow-murderer-movie-project if you guys never saw the original video, it's there on the page. this could make the best movie ever!
yay for products (finally) shipping!
geeeyyahh.. i have so many projects shipping in the next month.  i'm soooooo impatient!  they're all delayed projects, and now they're all ready to ship soon.  come to me preciouses
@ryuuhime1987 - sorry to hear about your frustration. i know it's aggravating to see everyone else get their reward.  please follow zem's advice.  unfortunately some addresses slip through the cracks.  but i can second that the ek team truly does care and wants to make sure you get your game. @tep  - squeeeeeeee!!!
another one for creeper and all kittens alike: http://9gag.com/gag/apgoe1q
ryuuhimme, did you contact support@explodingkittens.com about the problem? make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient. about 1-2% of the 220,000 backers have the same trouble.
hello exploding kittens team, i'm a backer who still has not received their kittens, or even a shipping notification. a few weeks ago i was told to fill out a survey, and i did. email to me with it initially must have gotten trashed somewhere. fact is, i performed this task weeks ago, and i have yet to receive my shipping confirmation. now i see the product available on amazon, and if i wanted to pay for priority shipping, i could have it it only two days. if it's possible to have kittens in two days, why have i been waiting months for mine? i was a backer. i'm part of the reason your product had so much success. my friend has had hers for months. i'm a backer, you should make sure that all backers should have had their kittens before selling to other vendors. where are my kittens? i want them shipped, and at this point i don't give a damn from where. i paid for your product, i supported your product, and i was promised your product. what is exploding kittens going to do to make this right for me? let me be clear, i don't want a refund - i don't want to have to pay an additional $15 for the two decks on amazon and lose out on my backers gift. i want my cards to say first edition like my friend's do. so i suppose what i'm really asking is when the heck am i getting my kittens - don't tell me to fill out more bullshit when this is now available for public purchase. you as a creator made a promise to me as a backer when you accepted my money. i'm going on vacation soon, and i'd like my decks so that i can bring them with me. sincerely crystal a very dissatisfied backer
gm, sounds like fun! you lucky dog! also, forgot to mention that i, like everyone else i've heard mention how their night went, got much less sleep than i'd planned for. and was in the lab 20 minutes after everything was supposed to be shut down and over, which to me is especially annoying because i'm usually the first or second one done but for the second time in a row i was last by a long shot.
whoo. long as heck lab. should've been easy, but things happened that weren't supposed to. targets were missed, agents were compromised, mistakes were made...
@creeper, did you get your 9 lives?
loving the game ! the kids love the game ! friends are exploding too! i know it's sometimes goats, but i'd love it you'd have a look at my project too, because it's 100% goats https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/gerald/goatpocolypse-greeting-cards
that's partly why i haven't gone. too lazy, and when i finish work i'm usually too tired, or it's too late in the day, to go get it done. and once i'm home, there is almost no getting me out again.
if i were smart i'd get my measurements...i could ask my neighbor since he's a costume designer.  i'm just too lazy.
@creeper: i keep meaning to go get my measurements so that i can actually fill in the survey when it shows it's face. i'll probably do that tomorrow after work...which ends with a training meeting. -.-
i'm on the bus, slept three hours last night due to 180 cake balls.  i want my jacket with the pillow and eye cover!!!
no, gm. i don't want to do that
try having to re-type 800 pages of safety manuals(they didn't think to save digital copies of them), keeping the same formatting, and changing all instances of one companies name, into another companies name. i think my eyes were crossed for about a week after that. also, good(?) morning kittens.
wow, not a single comment all night. well... time for breakfast i guess.
closing time. one last call for alcohol, so finish your whiskey or beer and get the f*** outta here! original: https://www.youtube.com/watch… where the funny part is from: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
once a year? bet you'll look forward to that more than your birthday! it is an important part of knowing what to do, though, and i can see why a manager would need to be so well read and up to date. i forgot to mention at least one study actually found that if you removed mosquitos from the earth, there would be no eco-collapse as with most animals, and in my opinion, that's all god has to do to make heaven heaven. the rest is just extra, though it's very much appreciated. ;)
i'm glad you understand my pain. i get to do it once a year while i'm manager. yippee! as far as mosquitoes, i completely agree. worthless little devils.
i take it back; this is literally reading an sop. i feel your pain, lz.
if i could get rid of one creature on earth, i'd be tempted for spiders because of our mutual disgust for eachother (kind of a respectful pact: they don't come near my, my shoe doesn't come too near them. it's broken on some occasions, and once they brought a squadron of 24 to invade my tent at camp only to realize that even the brown recluse and black widow they brought for support couldn't help them against my wrath). but spiders actually do something for the ecosystem. i'd end up going with mosquitos: they don't help the ecosystems at all and are the scourge of the earth, responsible for more deaths of humans than any other cause in history. it's estimated half of all humans in history have died due to diseases from them.
i just realized i have to read 62 pages of material for my next lab. yup. nope. "read". 29 are about nucleo-magnetic resonance spectroscopy, nmri (i for imaging, same as mri, but they took the nucleo off because people are scared of anything sounding like nuclear). i really hope i can get by without reading all that in-depth. the important parts, yeah, but still, it's like reading sops all day! oh, wait... too soon?
pot, isn't it obvious?! for burning with a flame until they blow up! it's so much fun! also works with any red-hot metal, like heated pliers. make sure to pull them out first or else they'll burrow deeper into you from the heat trying to get away, and if they blow up, not only will you get burned but now you have the head of a tick in you. i had one (in an area that will be left to your imagination because you can guess) that ended up breaking into like 8 parts, with the head, part of the body, and a leg getting lost inside me, doomed to roam in my blood for all eternity. he deserved the painful death.
so it's not just me.  that helps a little.
i can think of a reason/use for just about every animal. parasites are the notable exceptions to that. i have no idea why there are ticks.
just received a response from the lovely and vivacious bella, in answer to many questions i have asked regarding shipping issues and general whininess hereabouts.  i am awaiting a reply regarding how much info i can share at this point in time.  however, one question i asked did not receive an answer, and since they could not, (or would not) answer my question i will pose it here, for all to respond. why are there ticks?  seriously.  why?  what do they do that needs doing?
huzzah! i know paul, but you can get replacements online and then just keep the originals because they were the original deck.
haha, just watched a snippet of the debates tonight while eating (cnn is on almost all day usually in the dining hall) and thought one question was entirely laughable.  "would you feel safe with trump having his fingers on the nuclear launch codes" seriously? they decided to ask something so stupid in a major national event? well, i guess not many people know better, but he would have little to no control. i mean, any launches have to be authorized by him, but the line of authorizations and the codes even, which he doesn't have direct access to, are all made so that it's basically impossible to launch anything. because nobody's stupid enough to use a nuclear weapon.
best game ever. only possible problem is that playing too much will wear out the cards :( plastic cards would be an excellent idea!
zem, i love it!
on another note, just ordered this: http://www.rueink.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/epic-jumbo-mug.png i so can't wait for it to get here.
that's a good thing to do.
i've been going to classes, but have been done and bored for an hour now. now that that exam is out of the way, don't have to worry about that for a little under a month now. so much nicer! just one thing to do today, but for now, time to laze on the interwebs.
it really is. i've been too busy writing employee evaluations to come in here very much.
slow day in here today.
see, i'm too hated to have that problem.
i like how the cat sleeps with his butt on her face. true to life. also, thanks a freaking lot for shoving 9gag in my face, tep. the message when you leave for awhile says it all: "wake up! you've been idle for 3 minutes. scroll, click or press any key to dismiss." oh my god come back where are you why would you leave me look at this kitten never go away again!!!!! most needy thing on the internet. and yet i can't leave! i just recently started on it and had my first major comment with like 300 likes. what's that like when they have like 10,000 likes?! hate to be that person's notifications bar.
@creeper! i went away for a while to scour the internets. i have found this for you: http://9gag.com/gag/a9p8px1
mickey, did you contact support@explodingkittens.com ? make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient. about 1-2% of the 220,000 backers have the same trouble. ` huh. the exam was so much easier than i thought it'd be! that either means i got above like 80% or failed miserably. oh, forgot to look at the geek and sundry interview with elan.
still waiting for my reward.  am i going to get it this year??
morning kittens. @creeper: there is a kitten in the bedroom?! you didn't drug it, did you?
fedor, you are not alone. many russians have had trouble getting theirs due to customs. sorry about the trouble, but there has always been a trouble trying to ship something from america to russia. i hope they can make it through soon. though it shouldn't be oversized. the boxes are small, so i don't see how it exceeded the limit unless you ordered very many boxes.
someone got kittens in russia? or everyone is such a topic: 8/25/2015 - tuesday 10:11 pm shipment exception stansted gb exceeds service limits - oversized 6:46 pm in transit stansted gb 5:20 am in transit indianapolis, in 5:04 am departed fedex location indianapolis, in 4:28 am in transit indianapolis, in my package stuck in stansted gb. fedex does not send a parcel freight in russia because of the customs documents.
hi creeper! how are the comments going? and has anyone heard/seen/read from professor f?
hi tep!
hi kittens!
someone please clean my kitchen.  thank you.  also-  there is a kitten in the bedroom.
i was going to draw a fun-looking molecule, but then i realized that it would turn out like           / /\/\/\/\-      i  \      \
totally not ready for the first exam tomorrow. bring it on! i like how he didn't go over naming molecules (in organic chem.) at all, yet we have to know how to name and draw things like 2,4,4,5-tetramethyldecane, 6-(1-ethylpropyl)dodecane, or 4-(1,1-dimethylethyl)octane. pretty simple, really, but still, he didn't even mention it until he said we needed it for the exam. wait, no, he didn't even say that, another student told me that. good thing, too.
i feel happyyyy! *thud* uuh. gook and sundry interviewed him? cool!  hope your housework goes well and it's all done, at least all the hard stuff before winter. farewell wherever you fare until your eyrie meets you at your journey's end.
new post with a link to an interview of elan on fb. http://geekandsundry.com/kittens-cards-and-the-8-million-dollar-explosion/ g' night.  gotta be up early to go out to the new house.  putting up wall frames now.
i'm not daad yet. i think i'm getting better. i think i'll go for a walk.
so... *clears throat*... how y'all doin? nobody's, er... dead? good to know...
lah tee tum tah ta...
wow, i literally forgot how to math. i just looked in my notes and finally found that the process i've been looking for to solve this problem for the last half hour is the pythagorean theorum!!! i think it was just so easy i didn't even think of it. stupid vectors bringing trig back into physics.
just over 1 in 5 of my overall comments? probably by now.
i'm pretty sure zem has typed that out at least a thousand times
ah, well, kudos to you. i definitely wouldn't remember all that until the 100th time typing it out.
gm, i actually type it out every time. since it's died down, i've given up on trying to find it to copy and paste from before. just list all that stuff off the top of my head because i've done it so many times.
i knew someone who had that saved somewhere would come by and comment...i would save it somewhere, but i'm on a work computer.
shawn, did you contact support@explodingkittens.com ? make a short, concise subject line and include important details in the email. it may take over a week because they have so many emails, but i think that's starting to die down. it'll still take many days, so be patient please and don't send redundant emails. be forewarned they may ship it and not even reply to you, so it may just show up magically at your doorstep. but if nothing happens in 2 weeks, email them again to try to get helped. they really want to get every backer what they wanted, so work with them and be patient.
still waiting... filled out the survey over a month ago.
i wouldn't say they're the better part. they just need to get done
haha, that reminded me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
when reviews are the better part of your day, you know you need to rethink your life.
yeah, i think i'll focus on reviews for the last hour of my work day. that's the benefit of coming in so early
ouch. you should probably stop now. not the sleeping, though, do more of that.
that's what i get for not sleeping enough and reading sops until my eyes bleed
oh, dang! i didn't notice that line. i mean, i read it, it just leaked out of my brain as soon as i did.
"...as well as civilization keeping out predators." though there are common sightings of mountain lions even in the middle of omaha, the furthest and largest city in nebraska, so the weirdest place for them to be.
and large cities cuts down on predation. that probably helps
continuation:  so it's not like a 50 year old caveman was a 100 year old modern person, they were the same. it's just that now it's much easier to live to 80 than it ever was. plus, we're not drinking out of lead cups and off lead plates. that helps.
well, like i said, the technology.  interesting related fact: the average age of humans has been rising constantly for thousands of years, but humans have actually lived exactly as long of lives that whole time! the reason the average age of pre-historic and really ancient humans was less than 40 was because of the incredibly high infant mortality rate (yes, that's a factor). it's so much higher now because of medicine's ability to keep people from dying at a younger age, as well as civilization keeping out predators.
ugh! i hope either i'm not alive in 2082 or that i am that lucid in 2082, cause i'll be 98 by then
battle scars. you can tell your great-grandchildren about the time you had to get to know a procedure or piece of equipment well enough to write a manual. "yup. those textbooks nobody reads when they get new furniture or technology? well, now that technology is so advanced you really don't need them anymore because this is 2082 (or whatever year it is), but you know what i'm talking about. guess who wasted weeks of his time trying to make one. yup, me. never again."
i'm also working on employee reviews
zem, i will probably have to write some sops before the end of my career
maybe i should sell dehydrated water on here. i'd feel bad about scamming people, so i'd have to tell them outright it was a prank, maybe a gag-gift. i'd sell it for only $1 because i'd just sell like silver plastic bags with labels or something. but still, think about it!
i must say, since i decided to check what projects alexey had backed, and one of them...why? just why would someone market that when you can go to the dollar store, buy the exact same stuff(without the fancy stencils) for cheaper, and get it quicker. simple syrup kits...i mean, that's just sugar and water....nothing else. you can buy the small funnel, a glass container, with pour spot/stopper, and still have money to spend on booze to mix the simple syrup with. that is probably one of the most useless projects i've seen honestly.
aw dang! i shoulda totally phrased my bitter response like sklorz, using some signature catchphrases! it woulda sounded even more patronizing, but it would've made my morning a little bit better. i was rushed when writing it though, so i didn't have time to re-read it, or else i definitely would've toned it back, looking at it now. it was a little harsh, but i doubt highly he read any of our responses after that. he hates us, afterall. just hope he doesn't expect any more highly of any other projects, especially with the customs issues in russia. everyone i know who's traveled there has a story to tell.
ooh, standard operating procedures?! how fun! i know someone who has to write those for a living, so count your lucky stars you have the job you do.
creeper, i know i was harsh, but on top of his bitter tone, i had a really bad morning, so no regrets. though i did forget to say,  lz, i did like that .gif this morning, creepy as it was! mr. gorbachev: let through these kittens!
indeed
sounds thrilling!
standard operating procedures. it's some very stimulating reading
sure.
mostly. i'm reviewing sops right now
morning lz!  hope all is well
morning, creeper!
also - hi cane, nice to see you again. :)
zem, let's be a little nicer to people when responding!  he's frustrated.  i can sympathize with that.  people can come here to get help - but we need to help them.  not attack them or assume things.
russia just seems full of kitten haters.
...and then people wonder why russia has a reputation for being populated by bitter, jaded people. @russia, let people receive their kittens already!
apparently no one in russia is getting their rewards -- mainly due to the archaic rules in place inside russia one supposes, since they can't accept fedex overseas shipments.  several russian backers have stated here that the packages are being refused at the borders and returned.
good morning, zem!
you're welcome alexey. sorry you're having a bad day, but 1) they don't respond for weeks because people like you keep spamming them with emails trying to get a response, 2) they don't even always respond, 3) you probably didn't even give them enough information to go on, 4) judging by your name you live in russia, which means shipping will take alot more time and be alot more hit-and-miss, and 5) why would you think this is a place to get help? we just give advice to the misguided people like you who think the team has kept up with this many comments after the game was already made and shipped, making it useless. we're just enthusiasts, unlike you. have a nice day.
ok, i see, there is no customer support whatsoever. blackbox contact email - no response for several weeks. exploding kittens contact email - no response for several weeks. comment section on kickstarter is constantly spammed with random meaningless posts and gifs. now i officially hate you, people.
baby nope:  http://33.media.tumblr.com/4808d91186a530cb4f90b90cbee0f72a/tumblr_nnla55yeh91s748a0o1_500.gif
shipping date is still july... blah blah blah... great guys from blackbox... blah blah blah. no game, no answer from support. next time, i'll just order from amazon. probably, some other game.
well then, i think i'll just close up shop. good night everybody.
*would be in huge trouble if he was intoxicated i hate how you can't edit comments on here.
study kitten would be in huge trouble and so can only be intoxicated by the internet. well, enough of that now, back to this.
working kitten is slightly intoxicated kitten.  happy kitten now.
*cracks whip* work faster, dang it! did i say you could check the internet?! wait, working late, huh? i guess i am too, have to finish a long lab. oh yeah, you work this late quite often. *crack* hyaa!
working kitten is working.
i guess so!
callin' it a day then?
ooh, completely forgot to do that! creeper, i don't think i could be a food cook of any sort; i'd get fat within a week. like the saying goes, "never trust a skinny cook".
@creeper, they call that licensing... but you're right, kittens ftw!
but this aint no weight loss forum!  let's talk kittens!  has everyone posted their (five star) review on amazon yet?!?
totally possible, bakhan.  i'm good with portion control, and making somewhat smart choices.  but i also reward myself too much.  "i did good yesterday, i deserve this today."  or "i had a bad day today, i deserve this." :) such a bad problem!  also working on my feet all the time, when i'm off work, i want to lay dooowwwwnnn...not work out.  i think if i just worked out a bit, i'd be fine.
speaking of food... classes done for the day! :) at least 2 major things to finish, not including studying and a class review session at 8. :( but it's lunchtime! :))  overall score: +2, or :)). after lunch though, that may change.
@lz, thanks! six years ago, i was healthy and fit at 210. since then i developed health problems and fell into depression. i put on 155 lbs in that time. now i'm over half way back to where i should be! we can turn our lives around. we can take control of our lives. it's not impossible!
good work, bakhan! i'm pretty sure i would die if i did something like that. i admire your strength and perseverance
@gm, same issue here!  we get really crappy donuts every friday at my work, and even though i think they're crap, i still have one.... sigh.  probably why the juice fast works well for me, there are no exceptions, and if you are cutting out everything, its much easier than just cutting out the "bad" stuff.
i have contro- oh look, a cookie! *noms on said cookie*
@creeper, thank you!  i hope that maybe by sharing my story i can inspire some others to take control back themselves!
well i am super happy for you bakhan!  that really is amazing. :)
funny, now there's a program called "couchsurfing" which lets you crash on random strangers' couches! well, hopefully they have beds, but still.
@zem, well i tried my hand at the whole rock star thing.... got really tired of picking bottles and crashing on friends couches!  i still play, but only as a hobby.  reality sucks, get a job, right?
everything good takes some work. but that's the problem! the problem itself is recursive, too. i want my money for nothing and my chicks for free, dang it!
@zem, as in the rest of life, you can do what you want, as long as you are prepared to do what it takes.  so worth it!
for a little while, until life hits the fan again...which won't be too long from now.
81 pounds?! i don't know if i could stick with it very easily, but it definitely seems worth it! allo, everyone! boy it's busy in here today!
@creeper, i get it.  i totally get it.  i totally cave in, and can be my own worst enemy around food, there is no question i'm addicted. :(  but, now i feel like i have the tools to deal with it.  that makes me feel much more in control and there in better about myself.
@gm, yeah it was a vegetable and fruit juice fast.  meaning that for the period of time you set out nothing but juice.  i did one from may 28th to june 28th, and my current one ending tomorrow i started on august 24th.  i won't lie, it is hard.  the first three day are miserable, however after that it gets a lot easier, and a week in, because you feel so good, its actually not too bad.  you still get cravings, but with the results you get, its easier to ignore those cravings.
the whole payroll department(all three of us) are going to a cpa(canadian payroll association) lunch today...it's usually some rather good food at these things. especially since this is national payroll week. that will probably be the highlight of the week...even friday probably won't compare, and it's the 28th one for me(this friday that is).
that's super awesome bakhan!!  i suck at weight loss.  i'm just like "hey look... there's a bunch of cake over here." and gm  - i'm sorry mondays are so sucky.  it's mexican monday at work... so i get nachos.  and back to the weight loss issue....
i don't think i could go on the diet/weight loss program you did bakhan. it was a purely liquid thing, wasn't it?
@creeper, thanks!  it wasn't easy, but definitely worth it!
i really hate monday's....especially after the big payroll(so every second monday). and especially with the consolidation of terminals. lost checks, paperwork, not being informed of half the stuff that should have been done(like someone working from home, rather than going on maternity leave...she wasn't paid because no paperwork indicating as such submitted to me).
huzzah!!!!  that's a lot!  congrats!
hi gm, lz, and creeper! i got great news guys!  since i started my weight loss program on may 28th, i've lost 81.8lbs!  starting to feel like a human being again! whoo hoo!
i wish it was friday!  i'm getting on a plane to much warmer weather on saturday!
hiya kittens!  hi bakhan and gm and lz!
i just wanna sleep all week
is it friday yet?...like 4:30pm friday? this week has already started out just perfect for it needing to be friday now.
good morning corps!
hey guys, i got my cards ! they are super awesome ! on a side-note, my team came up with a #cleverwatch on kickstarter, pardon the short adv. do check it out & support, https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/91567885/boldr-watches-voyage-sleek-design-meets-smart-func
of course they are. they're a government agency.
bacon!
also -  the health department is a bunch of uptight money hungry joykills.
bacon forks?  how can i get one of these? please and thank you .
and bacon forks!
not that i know of. why, you seen any recently? i'll grab the pitchforks and torches and bacon.
hey... any vegetarians in the house? i guess not since this page pretty much glorifies hurting animals... jk.
hello.
hello...
so... how's everyone doing? good... good.... ` hello!!!  ...*hello!* ...(hello)
relaxes me, but it really depends. with how bright it is today, if i opened the windows and chugged coffee, i'd be awake as heck. but now that it's 4 and i wouldn't finish it until 10 unless i really tried, i don't think i'll do it. shoulda made it when i had the chance, and i would've if my roommate hadn't been studying and i was afraid of distracting him too much with the sights, sounds, and smells of making it.
i thought coffee put you to sleep
debating whether or not i should have a pot of coffee today while studying. it might be a little late because i'll only finish it by like 8:30 at the earliest, but then again, coffee.
dang it, stop making me hungry! i literally just ate and now i need more. you can always mail what's left to me.
that's true about the brisket. i've taken to only ordering brisket at the barbecue pit if i'm going to share it or if i know for a fact i can finish it. i've tried to reheat it before, with dismaying results.
to be completely honest most of our chicken and ribs are consumed on site. chicken is the forst meat presented for judging, and by the time it's ready it's lunch time anyway so we eat the leftovers, and then it's ribs, and even though we're already pretty full fromt he chicken, our ribs are so good we eat the leftovers of those too.  the pork always goes home, but i've had about ten pounds n the freezer for nearly a year now, the brisket gets divided up too, but brisket is not just difficult to do well, it don't keep worth a damn either, it's really only edible for a few hours after it's cooked.
exactly right lz, a judge will typically see no less than 20 individual portions of meat in an afternoon of judging, almost always 24 portions. that being 4 different meats from each of five or six teams.
i see. laaaaaammmeeee!!
neither my local shelters nor my local food bank will accept pre-cooked food.  for the same reasons we can't give it away.  local health codes.  i suppose i could go out on the streets and try to find hungry people, but where i live i'd have to drive into the city to do that, with no guarantee i'd find anyone in any case.
and the judges probably only take one bite of everything you give them. and then, probably spit it out because they have to taste 1000 more things
thank you all for your congratulations.  we are very proud of our food.
wait, couldn't you take it home and then give it to starving people on the street?
good job, pot!
you would absolutely hate and despise one of our competitions zem.  the ribfest is the only place we go where we are permitted to sell our food (or indeed, give our food) to anyone that isn't on the team.  local health departments are very stringent about their standards and they have no interest in inspecting 50+ individual setups to insure all the local standards are met.  so we are prohibited from giving away our food.  which sucks for the people walking around that think can just sample here and there, and for us, because we freakin' love to feed people.  we'll be at the american royal the first weekend in october, the world series of barbeque, upwards of 500 teams from around the world in the open contest, and not a scrap or morsel will be given away.  some goes home with the teams, a lot is simply discarded.  we aren't even permitted to give it to homeless shelters and that is a goddam tragedy.  we always cook at least two full racks of spare ribs to get six ribs for the judges, two 8-9 pound pork butts to get about 8 oz. of meat for the judges, one 9-14 lb. brisket, to get about 8 oz. for the judges and 18 to 20 chicken legs or thighs to get six for the judges.  every single team does that, or more.  like i said. a goddam tragedy, because no one can eat that much meat, hell we get tired of it as many competitions as we do, and we can't even give it to starving people.  such a waste.
congrats pot!!!
good job, pot! i wish i could go to all these food competitions you guys are so good in. i really want to try all the stuff you're making. wait, didn't i make an addendum that you guys had to save like half a pound of whatever it is and mail it to me?
howdy all. placed third in the forest park ribfest yesterday.  a good days work.
cuz.
why the hell is there so much slowchat in here...
well the rate of conversation depends on how much the others check in here. it just takes some getting used to. goodnight. and wait, why are you looking for more if you're obviously a supporter because you can comment here? couldn't get enough kittens? i always ask the right questions too late. oh well, 1:40 am here, time for bed.
goodnight i have lag when talking in here. i feel like it is not real time.
i have a bunch of big targets near me. i don't think they sell it.
i don't think there's an easy way to check that out. i'd say for the time being just in major cities, but i'd also expect it to start popping up in stores everywhere very soon. go check any stores that have games near you.
damn amazon
soooo what citys? just curious.
it would seem so.
hey, another 27 minutes! i checked twice in this time, just thought it was a funny coincidence. am i alone again? ok.
whoa, 27 minutes? i've gotten bad at checking here much when there's someone else here to talk to. i guess i didn't miss anything, but i used to be better than this.
my mom's best friend lives just outside new york city, so i think i may know the bar you're talking about. never been to it myself, but still.
wow!! good game!  i have some friends here that go to a husker bar to watch the game all the time.  i'm sure that's where they were tonight.
dave, due to amazon exclusive, they can't sell online except for amazon and their own website, which links to amazon anyways. not sure why they did that, but they did. however, amazon exclusive only involves the internet, so they can sell it in actual stores everywhere. ` hi, creeper! just got back from the husker game, winning 48 to 9, so if you couldn't tell, it was a pretty good time. how's your day?
hello kittens.
target has this?  target.com doesn't. what city is that?
tralalalala... so... what's up with you guys today?
danielle, did you contact support@explodingkittens.com ? it may take 1-2 weeks for a response, and sometimes they just ship without responding and it shows up magically at your door. and please don't send redundant messages because it slows the process. they're selling in stores now?! cool! also, they need to make the top instead of looking like the boxes make it a giant message to just contact support already. though hundreds if not thousands of my comments have been stuff like that, so i guess it's good for me in that regard. but with 1-2%, people not getting theirs, even if that's really good by kickstarter standards, it's  2-5,000 people who think this is where to get help.
kind of annoyed that target has this game before i do!!! should have just wait for it in stores instead of funding it seems.
hold up a sec... kanye 2020... kony 2012... hmm....
*cough cough* *cricket noises*
yep
well, this is now going to get awkward, isn't it?
remember back in the good 'ol days when this place was active literally 24/7? why haven't any of the europeans, even idle, been on here forever?
someone commented!!! wow, seriously, been awhile. bored out of my mind with my textbook in front of me and could absolutely not find these so called "suggested" problems mentioned in the syllabus on any documents in the wait is that dr. p?! if i hadn't just looked on your profile for recent comments i'd've sworn you hadn't been on here in months. turns out i just didn't notice it was you 5 days ago, which i remember some of that all, and then like a month before that.
?
i finally found it!
michael, contact support@explodingkittens.com and wait for a week to a week and a half for a response. have a short and succinct but descriptive subject bar and describe the problem in detail. they also may not respond and yet ship it so it shows up magically at your door one day. please don't send redundant emails because it only slows the process. good luck getting them.
i have not received my game...
ok thanks. i got a fedex tracking the first time but when it was past the estimated time fedex website had nothing. and then when i got a response, they asked if they should resend to the same address and then nothing. it has been over a week since i heard from them.
sorry, i got inundated with meetings
oh, duh, weekend. wait, you guys are still at work! where's all the comments?! make it rain up in here!
john, how long ago was this? because, yes, you should've gotten a tracking number with fedex for it and it should be delivered within maybe a week, depending on where you live. typically a response takes up to a week and a half because they've been inundated and only have a small team (i don't know how small the blackbox team is, but relatively small), and they don't always respond, so if it's only been a few days and they haven't responded, it could be because it's shipping. otherwise, i'd say sit tight, make sure you emailed them again, and don't send redundant emails because it only slows the process. good luck getting them!
hey im hoping someone can help me. my order disappeared off the face of the earth. i emailed the people at black box and they responded super fast that they would send another one. i replied to send it to the same address but have no heard back. i have emailed them several times and no email. is there someone else i can contact, iv been dying to play this game.
thanks for your condolences folks, it is hard losing the last of my parents peers, even though we were never particularly close (he living in virginia and south carolina virtually my entire life, i had seen him perhaps twenty or so times i can recall, and only five or six of those times as an adult).  but he has both of his sons with him and everyone seems to have come to terms with the situation.  frankly i hope i can go out with as much grace.
the only people in my family to have cancer were my uncle and one grandpa, who had a part of their nose and ear removed, respectively, and my other grandpa, who was luckily in for other colon problems so they found it then. really, i've been incredibly lucky in that department, which only makes me even more sympathetic for those who aren't. best of luck with the situation. at least he's not spending years and years in terrible pain.
yeah, seeing anyone go through cancer treatment(my grandfather went through it) is hard. i still remember the day, and time, that he passed because we were actually on our way to see him one final time, and got there to find my father in the lobby waiting for us. we didn't quite make it.
sorry to hear that, pot. my comment last night was because i reasoned that if you came back from somewhere, then you must have been doing something. i wanted to know how that something went, even though i had no idea what it was.
good morning troops. i couldn't remember what i had posted here about the trip to virginia, but lz's comment made me think i must have said something.  in any case zem, no harm, no foul. my uncle is the last of my parents generation in my family, he has accepted the fact that the cancer has metastasized and there is simply nothing that can be done.  he has elected to accept a shorter, happier remainder of his life for a longer infinitely less happy remainder.  frankly both of his sons and i concur, the treatments were very difficult on him.  i went to see him, we had some good conversations, i made him laugh, i offered assistance (declined on all hands) and i left, having said goodbye.  as crappy as the situation is, everyone involved seems to be doing okay with it, and that is really the best any of us could hope for.  i feel sorry for my cousin paul (the dancer), he has had to curtail his work in order to move in with his father as primary caretaker and it has been hard on him both emotionally and financially.
wow, 1 comment. it's not that early in the morning yet is it?
morning kitties. @pot: sorry to hear your family is going through a rough time like that. never easy when someone is in that type of position.
well... that really changes the perspective, huh?!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i don't remember hearing anything about all that. i even looked back through like the last week or two of your comments and didn't see anything about your uncle. doesn't sound too good though.
later this month zem.  : )
'bout like i expected.  my uncle has refused any further treatment.  which i absolutely get.  no one knows how much longer he has, but the prognosis is grim.  his sons are looking after him and he is now in home hospice care with some nursing assistance.  i said goodbye.
another town meeting? how'd you make it out of there alive?! and if not, then get back in there and change their ways for the greater good! ... ... ... the greater good
welcome back! how did it go?
hey everyone.  i'm back.
but legs are off target in foil, which is what i'm focusing on
'allo, geist. whaaaat?!?! who wouldn't like you to be on the internet?! during work hours? that's like the only time!!! (that anyone ever is on at least) congratulations on the new job! that's awesome.  i've heard it's amazing, but never watched it. come to think of it, i really don't watch shows much and it's taken me like a year to watch archer and months to watch rick and morty. i have a few queued up as well as rick and morty still airing weekly and dr. who to start up... next saturday it seems. can totally not wait!
*yawn* sorry i haven't been my usual chatty self. the new contract job i'm on doesn't like when i'm on the internet during work hours. (the bastards!) the good news is i finally got a permanent job offer. i start on the 21st. it will be great to have benefits again. in other news, last saturday i watched the whole first season of "attack on titan". it was so awesome that i went looking for season 2 only to find out there isn't one. looking forward to the live action japanese movie. should be arriving in the states next month.
oh, and finished archer. if i didn't have to do other things (like go to the bathroom really bad), i'd try to finish a third series before this week ends. maybe bob's burgers because i only watched the first season a long time ago.
take out your pun-fueled rage! none shall stand in your way!!! or even stand. aim for the lower legs like an annoying b****. winning is winning.
it's fencing time! i love fencing time!
i think we're going to have to agree to disagree here.
i love puns especially if they're stupid. https://www.google.com/search…
i'm pretty intellectual. i get puns. it's just that most are so dumb. some make me laugh...
first off, http://explosm.net/comics/3033/ . secondly, puns are so misunderstood because they're only appreciated by the intellectual elite.
zem, you asked why you're so stupid...it's because you read things like the puns in that link.
ooh, beat tep to the punch! here ya go, creeper! http://www.tickld.com/t/1266837
i have an exam to study for. tell that to archer. why am i so stupid? you know how an object at rest stays at rest? well for me it's more like to change my momentum it takes 3 times the work i'll do, minimum.
...not that i'm actually doing all that...but you know, i have all that to do. >.>
sorry zem, i have tons of paperwork to do, reports to run and make easier to understand, and hopefully get able to get out at a decent time today.
oh come on, of course i get back after the party. short party.
sounds like a plan, gm! i'd join if i didn't have my first exam next week, a hard one, and didn't have saturday because i'm ushering again. maybe i'll do it too the next weekend. man, quite a bit of activity, huh? who cares, time to go get lunch!
i may just end up doing that this weekend. for absolutely no reason at all. in the basement, in front of the fireplace, and play n64/snes all weekend, possibly even ps4 if i decide to take it down there too...
@gm, what i wouldn't give for those blanket fort days again!
...that should be cartoons...but catoons works for this group.
i don't want to adult...i want to be in my blanket fort watching catoons.
but adulting is hard
i was also speaking from my own experience
hehe...my loyalty is to the corps! but yeah- sucks that i finally get a job not waiting tables so now i have to adult more. :)
yeah, it sucks when that big promotion pulls you away from the corps, huh?
hi creeper, how are you today? don't get to see you in here that often now that you're at the new place.
hiya gm!
joao-  boooo.  i'm sorry!  i hate dealing with international post, etc.   best of luck to you receiving your kittens somewhat soon.  you've sent out an email to ek, yes?
morning kittens.
and with an email received last night, it's official - fedex brazil considers my package as lost and told me to get in contact with the sender for a replacement =( i'm not getting my kittens anytime soon ='(
my original question: 'has there been an official response as to why they are selling the kickstarter exclusive stuff elsewhere?' has been answered - no there hasn't. thanks all who clarified. @rod you are right, if they had never said it would be exclusive in the first place it might have been better. @micah don't worry, i don't think anyone is confusing you with an official member of the ks or ek team, if you don't want to answer questions on an internet comment board, then you don't have to. @thes - i just looked at the reward page, it still does! 'nsfw deck kickstarter exclusive'! anyway, i have my cards and my box, miaow and all, and they ain't for sale :) peace all.
indeed. to creeper you listen, hm? if we can get poz to calm down, we can get anyone to calm down. but how did we get poz to calm down? by having a rational conversation, free from attacks. you gotta love, man! project positivity, and exude a caring attitude, and everyone will benefit.
guys- heal with love.  everyone should feel welcome here.
well, kinda full day, but mostly with complainers, so that wasn't so fun. but chameleon showed up and gave me something to look for in galaxy quest, so that was great!
good point. also, what, that i'm butthurt about all the butthurt around here? i'm like an er nurse, here all the time answering repetitive annoying questions from people who 1) don't read below and b) think we're the right people to contact. and if you think that was grumpy, have you seen me after one of cane's extremely passive-aggressively offensive butthurt rants about me? i've only sworn like 8 times on here, and like 6 of those were at him. thankfully he doesn't do that anymore. (wow, reading that i feel like i should be drunk on scotch and gesticulating wildly at an empty bar)
@zem, have a snickers. you're not yourself when you're hungry... ;)
exclusivity has always been a contentious issue on ks (amongst other places). i wish they never would have said it was exclusive in the first place. it impacted my choice in no way. i understand about being a bit miffed, for a second. but think about it. what did you actually lose here. what's cooler? having something awesome that no one else has... or having something awesome that lots of people have, meaning there will likely be more awesomeness in the future? really, if being upset makes you happy, fill your boots. i think it's much to do about nothing.
thes, look at the entire conversation below your comment. we know. and are also not the team. they don't check here anymore unless we're really lucky.
i will say, i was very surprised to find the ks exclusive deck being sold on amazon by exploding kittens team. that it became not exclusive when it became a full deck is not clearly stated on the ks page.. where it still says ks exclusive.
also, don't complain to us. we're not the ek team. we're just amateur enthusiasts with no lives.
the only time the nsfw was exclusive was before it became its own deck. they may not have said it's now non-exclusive, but get the hurt out of your butt please. and the meowing boxes were available once. at a special event i'm surprised they could time it along with. and how many were sold? keep your dang special box for 80 years and it'll perhaps become rare other than one of probably close to a million with how much extra they had to plan for because of the ones lost in the mail and extras just to be extra. actually, since all 220,000 backers had the same idea, i seriously doubt these will ever be rare.
well they already have micah, and that is a matter of fact. meowing boxes were available at act. and if you think 'several hundred thousand'  is the argument that makes something non-exclusive, you are still (deliberately) missing the point that if something is only available for a limited time from a single source (which is what we were told), it is exclusive. if it is on the mass market days later (ie amazon), exclusive it is not.
the nsfw deck i think lost its exclusiveness when it became a full deck and was ordered several hundred thousand times. it wasn't originally the first official expansion deck, but the update 9 achievements changed that. as for the meowing boxes, until they finish getting every single backer their orders, i don't think they'll be selling those.
oh, and if the argument is that the nsfw version was only an exclusive unless it got backed enough to make it a standalone, that's hardly an incentive either is it? back us and get an exclusive! unless lot's of people do, in which case it won't be!
jeff, yes, indeed, i absolutely could have been in seattle (or frankly anywhere else in the world) - such are the joys of modern travel. micah, there is no 'likely' about it, of course there is a limited supply. the point that seems to be deliberately being ignored is that 'exclusive to kickstarter' should mean precisely that. but in this case it did not. hence, in some parts, disappointment.
plus they likely had a limited supply. i would've gone if i'd known they'd be there. actually, i'd've loved to go to pax as well, and to them especially for the kitten petting zoo! i never would've left.
well, yes, you could have flown to seattle and attended the event and bought this super exclusive item (of which there are over 500,000 floating around (hardly exclusive), but if you were not in seattle at that time, like 99.999999% of the world's population, you were out of luck as far as buying it.
obviously i exclude the 5 (or whatever it was) custom cards etc.
you tell him, call of duty! actually, if i were more informed on what were going on, i'd have said something more to that effect, but i'm kinda out of the loop most of the time. ooh look, an episode of archer has the bob's burgers store! cool. we were saying? oh yeah, no butthurtiness.
so, in summary, anything you could have got by backing the kickstarter, you could have got elsewhere, in many cases before kickstarter backers had got theirs. so hardly an incentive to back anything past the bare minimum funding in future.
in other words, they weren't offered at retail in stores, they were offered at an event that had a charity theme, and were only sold to attendees of the event.
@chris.  the amazon editions of this game they are selling are not the kickstarter editions we got. the box doesn't meow, have the magnetic lid, etc. the thing in seattle at the act theatre was a special event timed to line up with pax, a huge show. they weren't openly for sale other than at that event, and likely were extras.
hang on, are you honestly stating that their thinking was 'in order to stop the minority of people gouging on ebay, let's undermine the exclusivity of everything the majority of our backers supported'? i have no intention of selling my 'exclusive' nsfw or first edition boxes so i do not care about their second-hand value, my irritation is we were lured into backing something that really didn't need the pre-sales to make it to market, on a promise that turned out to be total bs.
bakhan, that's what we settled on, which would absolve any doubt in my mind about their awesomeness to undermine anyone trying to cut a profit on their work, but still, i wish they'd make a statement. this has come up so much. you think if i brought it up on the litter box anyone (pot) could get in contact about it?
@chris, i think it was an effort to prevent people from gouging on ebay, etc.  at least thats what i'm hoping anyways.
don't know why 'nsfw but also' disappeared from before 'the miaowing box...' in my last comment, but you get the drift
micah, https://www.facebook.com/events/496231983885519/ the oatmeal themselves advertising the nsfw and first editions for sale at the act theatre washington at the end of august. so yes, you could have bought not only the miaowing box before everyone on kickstarter got theirs.
chris, not officially, but we've discussed in detail among ourselves. pretty sure that was only the deal while they still thought it wold be less than 10,000 decks overall. now there's about 1 million decks total, and the nsfw was upgraded into a full deck, so it became the first expansion deck. as for the meowing box, where? except for overstock from the ek team themselves, that's being bootlegged by supporters for a profit on others' work. but the ek team hasn't gotten out all the kickstarter ordered decks, so they won't sell those boxes yet.
bye, chameleon! see you sometime later. i'll have to look for it if you looked anything like you do now on your youtube. classes over, a cup of coffee, lab is just a continuation of tuesday's... ooh, even my apple left over from lunch! this'll be a good day. to keep watching archer obviously. oh, and soon hopefully to get off my lazy but and study more for the o-chem test next wednesday.
has anyone ever officially responded as to why the 'kickstarter exclusive' nsfw deck is already on sale to the general public, and the also 'exclusive' meowing box has been sold at at least one venue?
@the chameleon, it was great seeing (talking) to you! cheers!
@micah, are the end when the ship crashes through the wall into the convention.  i'm in a group running out of frame in the lower-right.  :) and i'm out!  *poof*
gm, i'd do that too, but trust me, you wouldn't want to see me during the summer then.
off to lunch, folks.  party on!
@gm, i would expect no less from you!
chameleons typically live in humidity as well, though some are in some deserts. i love dry heat though, which as a nebraskan is not what i get in the summers at all. and i love galaxy quest. where are you in it, bruce? i need to find that now. i love that movie.
i don't complain about the temperature, i adjust what i'm wearing(if possible) to compensate, or just bear with it.
i like it warm, too.  thinking of retiring to az.  :)
well, considering you're a chameleon and all, makes sense! ;)  i'm good either way, as long as its warm.  i swear, i don't know how i was born in this country, and have the internal thermostat that i do.  at temperatures that i find comfy most of my peers are whining "its too hot!"  the way i see it, you can whine if its too hot, or too cold, but not both.  although most do, lol!
i prefer a dry heat (and just drink lots of water).  :)
@the chameleon, i used to live in eastern canada, so i'm actually good with humidity, its great for the skin!  calgary would be a friggen desert (like the badlands) if it wasn't for the rivers running through it.
@bakhan, at least we don't have crazy humidity like you'll have fun with in fla.  ;)
@the chameleon, good to hear, with the weather we've been getting this past week, i'm seriously craving some of that warm ca weather!  although, i'm heading to florida in a little over a week... ;)!
i'm good, bakhan.   just trying not to melt in the heat here in ca. @gm,  i saw it, and got your reference!  in fact, i worked on it.  :)  and was in it (very briefly) as an extra.
whoa, it's full now! another party!!! maybe we could watch galaxy quest. it's one of my favorite sci-fi movies ever. also, tep, thanks for that!
it's so so. not the best, but for it's time, it was alright.
@gm, haven't seen that one, always meant to, just never got around to it.
guess the galaxy quest quote went over people's heads. >.>
never pick your nose on a bumpy road?
http://9gag.com/gag/aapeg6p
never argue with a one armed man.
never surrender!
never give up!
chameleon! how the heck are you?
i came to say howdy to my long lost kitten peeps.  :)  howdy, peeps.
@zem, well, we had a good run anyways! ;)  all good things must come to an end, or at least a hiatus.  there will always be the kc!
maria and all else having troubles getting a deck: look below this comment. ` ahoy, juha and bakhan. slow day today so far. i miss the banter all morning even though i couldn't be part of it. who's left now are just the hardcorps coremembers.
@maria, i understand your frustration.  have you emailed them @  support@explodingkittens.com ? if not, please do so and make sure you put that in the header of your email.  it will take approx. 2-3 weeks to hear back (there are only three of them, and they're swamped).  sometimes they don't even reply, they just ship them out, so don't be surprized if they just show up.  as far as i know they only rarely check messages here, so thats your best bet.  if you have already emailed them, and its been longer than three weeks, i would send them another email.  they want you to have your stuff, and they'll do what it takes to make that happen.  hope that helps.
hey, i still haven't received my exploding kittens. could you give some real feedback please?
hi guys, i've finally received my cards, though they were already at finland earlier just at my parents place. i noticed that small changes has been made thanks to playtesting. my wife gave away one of the playtest decks for a friend of ours as well. how many of the people who got their cards sleeved them up before the first game?  i dont't have the sleeves yet, though i plan to get them before we play with new cards. also in my nsfw cards one shuffle card came a bit dirty and with some blue on it that looks like marker made luckily on inside but still it bothers me.
if i could make a bunch of money making and selling hot sauce, i totally would. i just don't have the means to meet the requirements (stainless steel kitchen). maybe i should do a kickstarter...
i finally got to come home
and here i've been watching an entire season of archer and then some. day well spent.
@gm: you need to bring your lunch more often. i've been bringing mine and nibble on it throughout the day. that way i'm not starving when i get home.
i've spent the last 12 hours in an office that was a little above the comfortable room temperature, wanting to go get food but with too much stuff to do. finally able to leave because all emails are out for the approvals that i require before getting the vp approvals....maybe now i can find something to eat(been hungry since i finished my lunch at noon...now 7:30pm).
i've spent 10 hours at work in a building with no air conditioning in it and it was 95 degrees outside. the office was a sauna. i'm now in my apartment with the air turned on full blast and the dial set to deep freeze. heaven never felt so good.
i did a thing! we need to have a reunion on the anniversaries of the final date of the campaign. parties, games (well, game), conventions, etc.
they all moved onto bigger things. definitely not better, maybe not even bigger. but definitely things.
if it weren't for the corps, this would be the worst place to look for advice, especially since nobody can read down the comments worth a dang. all those people would have no advice and just be cranky and sullen. ooh, chameleon? cool. he visited once in the last long while, but unless you watch his youtube channel, there's really no seeing him on corps grounds anymore. what happened to the old crew?
@ezra: the 8th or 9th comment below this one will give you steps to contact the right people.
um...i never received my cards.  who can i can i contact about this?
i saw a rare prime today over in the jacket comment section...told him we miss his camouflaged buttocks.
been emailing them i've received 4 of the same emails saying it will be here next week. this has been going on for over a month now.
wow, i come back after a few minutes and i have to scroll a full page to see only 2 days ago? what's the rush people?!  it's so dead in here. maybe we should have a ceremonial viking funeral.
hurrah!
congrats lz!
yay! my new fencing glove came today!
if you're having delivery problems: contact support@explodingkittens.com . several problems could've happened, as would be expected from shipping nearly a million decks to almost 220,000 destinations, the largest in kickstarter history. thank you for your patience, but it will take some more as they only have 3 people to answer so many emails per day. it has historically taken up to 2 weeks to get an answer, and sometimes they don't answer even, just ship the deck silently. so hang in there, the team is trying as hard as they possibly can and have promised they want more than anything to give all the kittens a home and every home a box of kittens. good luck and have a nice day! p.s. nobody's getting rich off of this, trust us.
hope i will get my kittens soon! still waiting here in the netherlands :(
@gm, hope it goes well for you.  i'm counting down the days to vacation myself, so long days of clock watching... i wish i could just forget i'm going till one day before.  the anticipation is killing me!  i need some warm florida sunshine!
today is going to be a long, long day. hopefully people actually review the reports i send them for accuracy, and don't just blindly respond with approval.
@christie, you definitely should have heard something by now.  i recieved mine quite a while a go.  you should email : support@explodingkittens.com and let them know.  in the subject line list the problem, and in the body be short but susinct with any further info.  it will take them around 2-3 weeks to get back to you so please be patient.  sometimes they just send them out without notification.  i hope that this helps!
game arrived in sweden seemingly without hickups and the game plays great! learning is easy and well through 20+ games we are not even close to grasping all intricacies. thank you and keep me updated if there will be more some day.
has anyone in canada received their kittens yet? and do you receive an e-mail letting you know that your copy has shipped? i can't figure out if i should even be worried yet or not.
anyone else having as much problems as me to get their kittens? in contact with fedex, seems like they've misplaced a lot of kittens, and they've also told me that their us-branch (i'm in brazil, contacted fedex here) has tried over and over to call blackbox to figure things out, but no one answers the phones. it's been 18 days since i last got an email reply from explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool, and now that fedex contact here is claiming that if they don't get any more info about how to figure out what to do with the packages they've misplaced, they'll close my case - and even though it can be reopened up to 9 months after the post date, they can't guarantee it'll be found =/
*yawn* i don't want to go into work today. @creeper: i'd post something in the kc forum but i don't remember my password
still waiting, wrote my first e-mail to the support yesterday. am i the last man standing (or waiting in this case)?
the sauce was/is good. it's my own recipe. it has earned me a couple hundred dollars in the past. if i had the means and the know-how, i would make and sell it professionally.
battle, that's the most suggested edit. don't worry, it's going to be incorporated into any future incarnations of the game. hi, creeper! i saw it and forgot to say something funny about it. productive 3 day weekend of which i really only had 2 free days: i watched all of rick and morty and most of the way through season 2 of archer, both of which i've been meaning to for some time now. guess i know where my free time is going until i finish archer. i love krieger the best. "i'm sorry, were you addressing me? your authority is not recognized inside of fort kickass."
not sure if this has been addressed before and i don't want it to sound too much like uno, but i think a reverse card would do wonders. you know, sometimes when you get screwed over, you want to thank that person in a special way. my entire team/company loves the game. thank you for such a wonderful lunchtime fun.
and no -they didn't create their own jacket corps.  just saying  a group of backers who keep answering the same questions, created lists of answers for people, and they keep copying and pasting it.  you know.  for the greater good.  only they don't have kittens.
just stopping in!  hello my lovelies.  i found lz's 'i'm making hot sauce today" to be a highly entertaining interjection because no one seemed to acknowledge it. :)  hope the sauce was good!
@gm: at least you are getting paid while you wait. the new gig that i have now is so very busy with work that i have a hard time keeping up. plus i don't get holiday pay.
just forward all the angry emails to the people who held you up and give their email address to all the people who get angry at you. being in the middle is kinda pointless because the people who cause trouble don't get recognized and the people blamed did nothing and the people angry are too nearsighted to see the difference.
not really. payroll, for this cycle at least, takes almost the full 2.5 days i have to finish it. the fact i am still waiting on files at this time of the day, means that i will be pushing the deadline, if not passing it, then getting angry calls/emails wondering why people didn't get paid.
gm, that's a good day to be at work then.
i'm falling asleep today...there is literally nothing happening here...no files(except 2) that have been sent to us...and i am honestly surfing the net more than doing any actual work today.
i'm making hot sauce today.
yeah...but it really is quiet in here...and i'm playing the ultimate waiting game...waiting for the admins to send me the files they need to send me in order to start processing the payroll(there is already one site that can't get me the file because all their scanners/printers/wifi have already been packed and taken to the new location).
that sucks, but at least you got friday off.
unfortunately, these are truck drivers/oilfield workers who live check to check(making more than a lot of the salaried staff in the company too...) who threaten to walk off the job for $0.10/hour less than what they should be making.
dang! the people at the clinic where i work are just told that their checks will be delayed by one day, and we just have to suck it up.
nope, i'm salary. so no extra pay, i got last friday off instead of today.
that sucks gm. do you at least get time and a half pay for working a holiday?
well, unfortunately, people like getting paid. and if the field guys aren't paid, and happy, then the office people don't get paid because there is no work being done to pull in the money to pay them/us.
that sucks. the whole point of this holiday is literally to have a day off.
is this day over yet? i know it just started....but having to work on a holiday...even if i did get friday off in lieu...really sucks when there are only 2/27 people in the office.
aaaw yeeeaahh. get schwifty. time to get schwifty in here...
she loved it so much he had to say it twice! now that's good!
just wanted to pass on that i played ek with my daughter this weekend and she loved it.
just wanted to pass on that i played ek with my daughter this weekend and she loved it.
otherwise, that's cool and makes sense because they made so much stuff they're going to have a similar amount of repetitive inquiry as us.
hi, creeper. also, literally a jacket corps, like they ripped us off? because then i'm calling inter-kickstarter copyright lawyers to rain down from the heavens onto their parade.
also - there's a 'jacket corps" forming on the baubax campaign as well.  nothing like us.  but a bunch of people there annoyed with the constant question asking from people who don't scroll down a bit to read!
hello all.  and good night all, i'm assuming!  parents are in town.  i am mentally exhausted.    "mom- do you know how to turn off that lamp?"  "your father did it last night"  "ok.  but do you know how to?"  "i'll do it in a few minutes"  "mom use your words.  yes or no, do you know how to turn off the lamp?"
dragon con streams are alot of fun, but they're shorter than normal shows.
it is 5 different cards, not just 4. in the playtest version, 4 of a kind would let you look at an opponent's hand and pick one of their cards. that didn't make it into the final cut.
and you can match and differ all cards, not just the none-cards.  this includes all attack, nope, future, ect. as well.  it is simply ideal to use the cat cards.  i also thought the rule was 5 different cards.  then again, you can use your own house rules too.
also, a nope can nope a nope nope nope.
you can take as many actions as you can take in a turn.  as many as you want/can.
the current rules say a player can pick any cards from the discard pile if he has 4 different "cat type" cards. question: can the player do this in every round if he still has 4 different cards? or just one time? someone please hurry and let me know as my kids are totally not allowing me to do that and win! ;)
i've been in and out.
david, towards the bottom of the deck is the most fun part! that's when it gets really intense rather than just blindly picking up cards every turn. ` dr. p, where've you been? you haven't been here for months or whatever.
i've had this game for a few weeks now, but never had a chance to play it. last night we had my parents over for dinner and gave it a shot. after the third glass of wine and two bourbon shots, we had a little trouble understanding the rules (given that we're used to uno, where you are the winner for having no more cards, you play one card at a time, and picking up is a punishment) but in the end we got it. the game got a little boring at the end, when it came down to my wife and i. the deck was almost exclusively exploding kitten cards and our hands were nothing but disarm cards. but everyone had fun reading the cards and having a chuckle. my mum got a good laugh out of the crack smoking owl and the bikini cat, while my wife loved the overly prolific cat, punching out kittens like dollar bills at a strip club) it might be some months before we get to play again, but we did have fun. well done!
@tomas: if you find this disappointing that is an excellent choice, because the service was outstanding.
oh crap, now that i've logged back in i remember i totally forgot to wish geist a happy b-day!  i'm like two days late!
i know, you can only sink just above your knees, and that's only if you really try and there're good conditions. but sounds like you had fun. i ushered a football game in over 90 degrees with 2 layers on. (uniform: we're volunteer scout ushers.) it got pretty hot and my brother and i left at halftime. we only have to be there until after the first quarter. wasn't a game of the century or anything. we sucked it up.
maybe it was closer to a foot. not far, either way.
i only sank about 6 inches. i got out of it as soon as i realized i was still sinking when we stopped to survey the situation.
really? i've always wanted to sink as far as i could, which for humans is only to your thighs if you work your way into it. i love camping. that would've been a great idea this weekend. maybe i'll have to go with my brother next time the local troop does. rick and morty is pretty good. definitely worth bingeing during the dead middle of a 3 day weekend of which i only get 2 days, really 1 because i have stuff to do tomorrow as well.
camping trips are never long enough. it was lots of fun. i got to experience quicksand for the first time ever
tomas, look below this for your answers. ` in other news, i got bored and remembered i have to start on rick and morty. it's almost as funny as everyone said, too! they also said it gets better as it goes, but that applies to any show, so i'm glad i started it.
tomas, first of all, did you even contact support@explodingkittens.com ? they take up to 2 weeks to respond because they have 3 people full time answering thousands of emails per day. also, don't blame them; for one, they ran the best kickstarter possibly ever. they had almost no problems, kept every promise, and no, they're not getting rich off of it. also, they had to ship nearly a million decks to well over 200,000 people when they originally planned for less than a thousand. that's more than any other campaign in kickstarter history. do not expect any better from another campaign anywhere, seriously.
still no word on when my deck will be shipped.. this was the last time i ever pledged on kickastarter.. shame on you. oatmeal :(
good morning, geist. i'd say that's a fair upsell, the $5. they bought several hoping to pawn them off not thinking it would all go public so quick, but the con-men were stung and left with several decks.
checked out the decks on ebay. individual decks are selling $5 to $9 more than what amazon list them for. i saw a few double decks that are posted well over $100 but no one seems to be interested in paying that price. i don't regret purchasing my ks edition but now that i see the nsfw decks on amazon, i'm glad i didn't buy multiple boxes for myself. (i purchased two boxes for someone who thought he missed out. he paid for them despite the fact that he could have bought them somewhere else)
new rule:  if it's this dead, i can keep talking ever several hours and it's not spam. several in a short timeframe is spam, but over days it's not really. well that's not really a "new rule", it's more of a clarification.
so... yeah. dead here.
today got above 90 with humidity over 50%. not terrible, but when you're standing there in 2 layers of clothing ushering in the direct sunlight of a football game, you can't wait for the cooler games later in the fall. especially the thanksgiving game; that's so cold and fun!
hai, geist! been awhile. idle hasn't been on here for quite some time, which is surprising knowing her, and sklorz has been absent to my knowledge for the past time.
good to know pot. i will have to check that out. has idle been around? whatever happened to our russian dice buddy? i'm thinking he is haunting indigogo instead.
the recipe for the brandied cherry bread pudding (in its latest incarnation) is up in the "kitty chow" portion of the club site.
@pot: recipe please. i need to have that in my mouth sometime in the near future.
@creeper: you found dr.p on facebook? poke him and tell him to get his bum back here. we miss him. i will even welcome back his roachens. enough working so hard. time to think about settling down. there has to be a wealth of nice guys in n.y. there should be a mr. creeper in you near future.
geist! perfected the brandied cherry bread pudding? no, i believe there is room for improvement in all my baking.  but it is pretty damned good.  i think i'm going to increase the brandy in the hard sauce for the kansas city competition in october.  after that i need to find a new dessert to mae my own.
@gcod: my deepest condolences to your friend. 16 is too damn young. unless your real estate agent is hosting s&m parties, i think a whole house dungeon is a bit much. i always wanted to go to the s&m conventions (i think that is what they call them) that i've seen in the pages of some of the the magazines i use to purchase. it's like the adult version of halloween.
@geist. of my friends into that, a surprisingly large number. maybe 40%?  my real estate agent has an entire second house devoted to it.  but then, among my model train friends, they all tend to have a train layout filling the basement or back yard; and the route 66 memorabilia types have road signs filling their spaces.  pick your hobby. much sadness here though. significant other #2 (who lives with her husband), has had a great tragedy.  her 16 year old daughter was killed in a car wreck thursday morning on her way to school. we're all in shock.
i hardly have any time to sleep! i see dr.p on facebook a bit.  but haven't seen him around here lately.
geeeeiiiiiisssssttttt!!!
hello fellow kc members. i picked up my cards yesterday and got to play a couple of rounds with the members of my fluxx meetup. even though someone on this board spilled what the secret surprise was, it still was a joy when i opened my box. and it was my birthday to boot. nice to see the comments section is still going strong.  @pot: did you perfect your brandied cherries bread pudding yet? i've got to try some of that! @creeper: yea for the kitties sleeping near you. how do you fine the time to sleep with two jobs? @gm: is your job still driving you crazy? i found another long term assignment that doesn't make me want to go postal. pity it doesn't pay benefits. @gcod: how is rowena doing? how many friends of yours have dungeons in their house? @lz: what special stuff have you been cooking for the family? @trinkets: have you been staying out of trouble? i hope not. did pr.f or blondie ever come back? (i swear i think they went off and eloped)
about as dead as i thought.
also, remember the pizza fiasco of last weekend? they gave me a free pizza and cheesesticks, both large. we got one pizza with bacon strips, tater tots, and buffalo chicken and another with bacon strips, jalapenos, and pineapples, both of which were surprisingly good, especially the latter! played boss monster and exploding kittens, ate pizza, joiced and rejoiced in the merriment and jollity, then came upstairs and played rocket league for an hour. much fun!
hello everyone! also, this is the perfect thing for the background of any magic tricks you do: https://youtu.be/6kzzl-ig_e8…
good work!
i did it! man...i have hit a kickstarter shipping speed bump.  backed a few projects this past year, all shipping june/july/august....  all of them now shipping november.  fine by me.  but i waaaaannnnttttt.
you totally should!
i love seeing poz on a different campaign.  i always just want to say hi.  i should, huh?
hahaha....that sucks, lz!
i have better service camping than i do at my house! wtf?
man it's dead in here. partyyy!!!!!
looking forward to playing my exploding kittens when it gets here.  until then... i'll just read some the oatmeal.
no, i have a couple more hours. i'm just busy today.
you know, i have classes, well one more, but those are the ideal times apparently to come on and spam so i don't read so far. one page per hour should do it! so... is everyone already off work or what?
lz, to harken back to last night, french dips with au jus actually is doubly redundant because that's all implied in the "dips" part of the name. also, http://www.tickld.com/t/1263770
2 more classes until operation super-happy-awesome-time 3 day weekend starts. (sorry, i couldn't find an i word for "fun", so i had to do with shat. fun-uber-csomething-ksomething?)
morning pot! good luck with your day!
@spidermickey, he should only have drawn one.  it says take two turns, not draw two cards.  the first turn he would have drawn the exploding kitten, thus ending his game.  he never would have drawn the second card.
@spidermickey if the player draws and diffuses an exploding kitten, that player then returns it to the draw pile and may then choose to play cards from their hand or draw their second card.  if that second card is an exploding kitten and they diffuse, they then return that card to the draw pile.  if that player cannot diffuse the first exploder, then they are dead and do not have to return that card to the deck, they do not draw a second card.  if they cannot diffuse the second exploder they are dead and that card is not returned to the deck
yesterday when i played a round of exploding kittens, someone used " end turn without taking a card, next player draws two card" and he drew 2 exploding kittens. do we discard both exploding kittens into discard pile or only one? and another put back into deck?
mornin' all. busy day on tap.   i'm about to head out to check on the first day of lumber going up at the new house, then some errands and afterwards some rehearsal time for the show opening tomorrow night.  i'll check in from time to time.   peace.
good morning corps!
i blame the english language.  we have so many screwed up ways of saying things!  my main pet peeves are "words" that just don't make any sense.  unthaw, really, so you're putting it back in the freezer?  irregardless, how can you be anymore without regard, than regardless? there are many many more, but i'm trying to start the day off on a good note!
lz, you are my people. atm machine, pin number, vin number, ssn number are all on my list of short fuse pet peeves, and i never miss a chance to rant at people who use them. also on the list is "hot water heater" ??? why would you heat hot water? it's a water heater, _maybe_ a hot water tank, but not a hot water heater.
we see it some, like with french dip sandwiches. they're always advertised as "with au jus." nevermind that "au jus" means "with juice," so saying "with au jus" is the same as saying "with with juice."
lz about as bad is how in many places, like in finland translators ignore the meal part of name and add it again. for example happy meal is in finland "happy meal ateria" which translates to "happy meal meal". though you dony see this much in states i quess
hey, i can go to bed before midnight for the first time this week! awesomeness! it leaves some more work for tomorrow or monday or whenever i get to it, but whatever.
lz, and an arrow to the knee?
how boring you are? what did i say now? i blame it on the cat. i can't have one in the dorm, and so it's the cat's fault for not being here to stay my hand.
man, fencing is fun! i ache though...took an epee right to the neck...and collar bone...and knee.
readed back till my last comment, thanks zem for telling me how boring i am. in finland this weekend has no labor day. but i'm travelling to friends wedding for saturday and maybe to a con on sunday, depending if i still get tickets somehow.
you haven't been in much today, though. i'm gonna have to dock your pay.
i have three shows to do this weekend at the chicago fringe festival, but they're all night time shows, i'll probably be in and out during the day, as i usually am.
wait till she brings the renovators. they're gonna need to knock out those 3 or 4 or 9 walls to get this couch out of here. noooooo!!! the game theorists live stream about the five nights at freddie's theories is down! there were 30,000 people viewing, now there's only 3,000.
she just wants you to think it was easy
i am so happy.  i just sold my couch on craigslist and it was hassle free.  she came and saw, gave me money, and picking up on saturday.  huzzah!!!  craigslist is never this easy!  glory!
no cheatin'! only i can cheat because i'm 1000 behind you! you get to go camping, so ultimately i lose. i get to usher a husker home game! it'll be hot, but so much fun!
i'm going camping this weekend, remember?
is this gonna be empty all weekend? i mean i'll be here, but i may or may not be on often. don't get any ideas for score bumping, lz!
alright! finally done with qc day!
well, i was fairly accurate for when i would get out of work....now to be exact. time to enjoy my weekend of helping out with digging in the yard...wait, what?!
people here just say social security number.  let me try! aa anonymous? no? ok, how about 24/7 7 days a week? no? dang. ad domini? am meridiem? i'm not good at this game.
yes, those are common, as well.
@lz: you forgot ssn/sin number(sin is the canadian version of the ssn for those unaware, and stands for social insurance number).
or cat team.
actual conversation: person: is there an atm machine nearby? me: yes, there's an automated teller machine machine right over there. p: why did you say machine twice? m: because you did. p: no i didn't. i asked where an atm machine is. m: exactly. atm stands for automated teller machine; so if you say "atm machine," that's the same as saying automated teller machine machine. p: you're a smart ass
i really hate it when people say an acronym and then the last word in the acronym. like atm machine, pin number, or sat test.
there's all kinds of wrong in that strip.
and that's from a person who's read every single far side comic at least 3 times, most more.
that's one of my favorite comic strips of all time.
the ttp project. http://letsmakerobots.com/files/field_primary_image/23742_strip.gif?
what's the ttp project?
i got bored and now i can't stop looking at the funniest things on the internet i've seen in a long time.
lz, you mean like the ttp project?
i don't know, lz, ummm you're the boss... ;)  i just thought it was fitting seeing as how they're missing and all.
can you use an acronym in an acronym? like, is that allowed?
how about awol? corps awol team.
how about assembly? corps assembly team.
i just realized even idle, who used to be all over this place all day every day like me, hasn't been here forever. even just last week we had a bunch of people here for the first time in months and then they just left. i mean, juha came back for the first time since may, his profile said, but it's so boring. we need to form a corps outreach team (cot), only because i couldn't find a good word for the second one that started with a, to find and bring back the lost kittens to their natural habitat.
@gm, word of upness!  where have all the kittens gone, where is all the laughter... ;)
i miss all the mia corp members...the days were a lot more fun back when everyone was active.
yeah. whatever happened to her?
oh i miss geist!  come back to us!
oh, dang! i better be more chatty, then, eh?
*le gasp!*  lz, i'm exactly 1000 comments behind you again! i just thought it was interesting that it's exactly 1000. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/23263053/ek/topcommenters.html and creeper, you haven't been here much, neither has dr. potatten, so we're gonna pass you guys soon!
i have stuff tomorrow, but then saturday starts husker games, which i usher meaning i have little to no saturday unless i leave early for heat, though it's fun in and of itself. sunday is completely free and monday i just have to finish some things for lab the next day and that's it! lz i love camping! i haven't been since early summer, but i wish i had. i love camping!
i may end up going home in 3.5hours from now(currently 12:42pm)...just so i can be sure that the person i'm training knows how to do the after processing reporting. -.-
i get to go camping this weekend, woooo!
going to play exploding kittens with them, and am super excited to see my parents faces when they see teh nsfw cards.
my one day off is today!  then alllll the work.  alllll the time.  but!   my parents are coming to town this weekend!  i haven't seen them since christmas!
my three day weekend starts in about 2.5 hours. :d
3 day weekends ftw! labor day with no labor whatsoever.
yeah - but i agree with the rfid, but i know the delay would piss off a lot of people.  i am happy about the waterproof pocket - i get caught in the rain a lot - half the time without an umbrella.  and again - commuter city means walking blocks to a location.  either way- i am so excited for this jacket!
i would have loved the rfid pocket....but i can understand them not wanting to delay things further than it already will be. the water resistant phone pocket, definitely wasn't on my list of priorities since the jackets(with exception of wind breaker to a degree) aren't designed to be worn in the rain.
i love the pillow, and the gloves that tuck in, and the eye cover, ...and the pen in the zipper... and now the waterproof pocket for the phone....
ugh! qc day is sooooo tedious!
@creeper: i even tried helping some of them...multiple times...on how to fix it. then two posts later, someone else asks. i lost all faith in people who can't read. @zem: i backed it for the blazer, since it will be a decently priced one, that comes with a detachable scarf(essentially what i would be using the zipper/hood part for during the winter).
seems like alot of those features could be said about any jacket, and actually alot of jackets have many of those features. the only thing i'd've used from it are the two main pockets though. "ipad pockets", too! though i don't have an ipad. and my current cargo pants and coat both have pockets that big. and i had an old parka with "2-liter pockets" because you could fit a 2 liter bottle of pop in each one and then some, though they were on the inside.
they beat us?! nooooo!!! i still haven't even seen what it is. time to check it out. hello creeper! day off again?
man, reading the comments for the jacket campaign- all the "what do i do if...?" and "why haven't you asked my size?"  *sigh*. i just wish people would read! so glad we don't have to deal with much of that on here any more!
i got one, just in case. if i don't use it, then whatever. at least i have it as a precaution.
do i get a blanket?  i don't know.  merp.
i'm getting the blazer because i can actually wear it to work, and have it fit with 99% of the clothes i have...just not sure what colour to get.
the bomber jackets are unisex.  just depends on sizing of women's, and if they go large enough.  just dealt with this with my chefs coat- which are unisex.
@creeper, but wouldn't a man's cut have less allowance for lady lumps?
i debated the blazer because it is quite sharp. but then i was honest with myself and realized i am not one that wears a blazer in day to day.   also debating if i should get a men's size to allow for boobage.  struggles!
boom.  they just beat 9 mil.  well done baubax.
this talk of sizes remind me that i haven't ordered my new fencing glove yet, and it's fencing day! aaaack!
i'm predicting about a 2-3month delay before they start shipping. and speaking of sizes...i should go get my measurements so i can fill out the survey proper for my blazer. >.>
shoot.  they could beat 9 mill at the rate they're going.
i got in on an early bird price, so i kept the pledge.  they seem to be pretty smart about things production-wise.  not adding mor color options, etc.  their reasoning is the manufacturer says it will add delays.  same with certain stretch goal features- they were taking polls, but later said "after lengthy discussion, this item would lower the durability of jacket" or "this material would add a month delay"
oh it seems nice enough.  i think some of the feature may be exagerated though... ;) it reminds me of a snl skit i saw about the shopping channel.  a designer was trying to sell a "threeway poncho", but couldn't remember the third way... pretty funny.
i actually like the jacket concept, but fulfillment seems dicey to me, i'll wait until they successfully fulfill and the jackets hit the retail market.
i wonder how they're going to do with fulfillment?  its a lot harder to make a jacket, multiple sizes, colours, etc., than a card game...  i guess time will tell.  congrats to the jacket none the less!  as time goes on, all records are meant to be broken!
howdy bakhan!
the jacket beat the kittens. bad kittens.  bad, bad kittens.
morning pot!
good morning all.
morning creeper!
morning kittens!
@trinkets, crazy because of how long it is, and the content! ;p
good morning corps!
good morning bakhan
313,421 comments if everyone made one more comment. and we still wouldn't be number one in comments. that would be a crazy read, almost 220,000 comments.
you guys.... there's almost 1/2 the number of comments as there are backers.  i wonder how many we'd hit if every backer agreed to post "at least" one comment.....
good morning all!
i really hope kittens doesn't loose 4th place to the other project, it seems saddening.
ooh, something happened on here! it's been boring the last couple days. i'm just preparing for lab, which takes obscenely long 2 days a week.
busy as allways, for some reason in my new apartment the lights are not working, even though electricity works in 1 electric outlet.
they've designed a wicked-cool jacket.  (i'm a backer) i am slightly sad they're overtaking the kittens though.
you're right, it looks like they could beat the kittens.  good for them.
it's gonna be close, at the very least.
hi kittens... ek may be losing their 4th spot for most funded.
see you sometime over the rainbow, tep.
and i'm gone.... later kittens!
haha lord zombitten.
on the plus side, husker games start saturday! and i usher, which is amazing, even though it's just me standing there for 90 minutes before the game until the end of first quarter, and i may leave if it's this hot all day saturday. still fun!
gorsh, today is so crazy, but that's only because i'm only trying to figure out this weekend! i don't have to go home today, thank god, but this weekend, even with labor day off, is going to be busy.
seajax, did you contact support@explodingkittens.com? if so, 1) don't email them again because it will only delay the entire process and 2) it can take up to 2 weeks for a response because they receive so many emails per day and only have 3 people working full time on them. they also may not respond and just send it without saying, so just hold tight.
still waiting for my copy of exploding kittens. i hope it comes one day...
dang it, i have to go home to do something to make me able to usher the husker home games, but if i go, i either can't finish alot of work or i'll be up really late doing it, which was the story monday and tuesday nights as well. i haven't gotten enough sleep since saturday night.
not the card!!! juha, i don't know why i  thought of this song when i actually hate it a little, mostly because i hate country, but for now it describes my life. until exam season. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
thinkhat, yes it is, but only because of the risk of the card getting ruined :-)
hey exploding kittens team - we received them and love them. our 5 year and 10 year olds love them even more! the 5 year old even sleeps with his exploding kitten card. is that something we should be worried about? ;p
@juha, life is good, as it should be! ;) how goes it with you?
hello zem, tep, gm and bakhan. how is life?
just one more class today, physics recitation. wednesday is still my "hell day", but at least i don't have 8 hours with a one hour break this year!
hi, tep!  hi, juha! long time no see!
good afternoon corps!
i have some peace and quiet for once.
hi tep. how are you today?
hi juha! hi kittens!
that should be heard, not head at the end of my other comment.
@juha: there are some that still haven't, but the ek team is working on making sure everyone get's what they paid for. unfortunately, they are getting(last i heard) 1,000+ emails a day, some being from the same person, which tends to be slow with only 3 people from the ek team handling it(again, last i head).
hi, guys how are you people doing? has everyone already receive their kittens? i have't been here for a while thanks to graduation/working/moving to other city.
@zem, yeah, we did that years ago, i still use some of those recepies regularly!  mmmm chilli cheese loaf... did i mention i haven't eaten soild food in 9 days?
our family has been compiling a list of family favorite recipes for years. i could throw in some of the highlights.
@gm, fair enough... ;) heres a link for intrests sake: http://www.bettycrocker.com/how-to/tipslibrary/baking-tips/baking-cooking-high-altitudes baking, can be approached the same way.  you feel comfortable with cooking because you are more familiar with it, thats all.  the great part about baking, even if it doesn't turn out, you still have a tasty faliure!
i leave baking to those that know more about it, i prefer cooking where i don't have to measure anything really. gives me a lot more freedom to increase/decrease the flavour profiles.
@gm, for baking, it depends on what you are making.  for the most part recipies are written based off of sea level.  for us, that really means we need to add a bit more liquid, thats all.  if you ever needed any advice or tips, just let me know!
@bakhan: thing is, with baking, you need to take so much more into account(elevation, type of product used...which is one reason i'm not a baker).
@gm, those would be great!  ideally, it would be nice to have a few from each kc member.  who wouldn't want creepers recipies?
good morning lz!
then you're late....
oh, i know all about the kitty chow section, i was just thinking it would be awesome to have a nice printed book, in my kitchen!
good morning, pot
the problem with folks showing up 15 minutes early to a job interview is that i'm not ready for them.
and good morning lz
btw, i emailed bella a couple of days ago to see if the primary round of shipping has yet concluded, i have yet to hear back.
there is the kitty chow section of the litter box
i could throw some recipes....would mean i actually need to measure ingredients when i cook...but i could throw together some. maybe even some of the ones that i still have copied from my restaurant working days(mostly salad dressings).
....  the framers show up.....
i could contribute a few i think. the house is okay, due to scheduling issues nothing has been done in a week and a half, but today the steel support beams are to be delivered and tomorrow the frames show up to set them and begin throwing up lumber.  yay!
oh, and i was thinking, with all of the recipies that we've thrown around, we should make a kc cookbook!  just a thought!
i'm good, boarding on great!  started my second juice fast a week ago monday, and i'm already down 14.8lbs! yay me!  how are things with you?  everything still going good with the house?
how you doing bakhan?
morning pot!
g' mornin' troops. @austin binkley if you are in the us, send an email to explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool. explain your problem in the subject line of your email.  chances are good that they will make good on your order without further contact.  if you are somewhere other than the us and you've already sent an email to support@explodingkittens.com then patience is your only real option.  they are working their way through a vast quantity of emails and it takes time.  they will make good on your order.
@trinkets, i've been way busier with this whole "work" thing than i should be... oh well, i owe, i owe, so off to work i go... ;)
good morning,  bakhan. wow, things have been super busy at work, i haven't had the time to be too present.  although after looking back at the comments,  it has been quiet in here lately.  haven't missed too much.
good morning corps!
@austin, if you sent them one message, please wait.  they are still fielding many many emails every day and only three people to do so.  every extra message you send takes them longer to address your, and many other peoples issue.  sometimes they don't reply, they just take action.  they will help you, honest!  they really want everyone to get their stuff.  i know it sucks right now, but they are working towards getting you your stuff!
september is here and i have still not received my package. i got an empty box from you guys and emailed support multiple times with no reply. please help!!
@saulius,  right on, man!!!!
@tim rowe, even if it takes another 2-3 weeks to get your cards, it still is one of the fastest kickstarter to deliver the rewards. before exploding kittens,  most if not all games on kickstarter with that much o er their expected backing, would have been delayed 6 months to a year. maybe longer.
good morning all.
dear elan et al, thank you for your efforts and i have to say - hands down - this is the best kickstarter i've backed so far :) and, surprise box is amazing :d
meh, i think a lot of us just gave up complaining.  i managed to get the survey sent to me after a few attempts getting no response at all, but i've no idea if they've shipped.  i'm sorta at the point where i've stopped caring.
*creeps into corner and curls up*
dün kargomu aldım, hiç beklemediğim bir anda gelince daha şok edici oldu. demek ki ankara'ya geliyormuş. ulaşamasalardı bana, galiba amerika'ya geri dönecekti.
blarg! i don't wanna go!
oooh, that sucks for him! ;d the game theorist is doing daily live let's plays now! and later today is my favorite "podcast" though they do visual as well as audio.
so any guesses what percentage of rewards have been shipped and received by now?  just ide curiosity ... the complainers seem to have let up a bit. for those who whinge and bring up the amazon issue, remind them that the version sold there does not have the magnetic box lid nor the super secret surprise.
lolz!  thats great!  i'd love to see the look on his face when he finds out he's losing that off his next pay!  ;d
@bakhan: i have an hour...and still just looking around for things to do(though i did find out we overpaid one guy...only because he had the site admin talk to us about under paying him $0.10/hr...while we overpaid $3/hr for 5 paydays....lots of hours too).
i still got a half hour to go... soon!
ahh! it's good to be done for the day.
@gm, obviously, i'm in a different boat... ;) stupid busy over here.  nothing important, and no real need, just people making me do more for less... this working for a living thing is way overrated!
then again, last time someone said, "this is something i have to do myself", this happened. https://reviewsfromtheabyss.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/hot-fuzz-angel1.jpg
you're on your own, gm. this is something you have to do alone.
@bakhan: save me...this day isn't over yet....and i have less than nothing to do. d:
@bruce, huzzah! congrats!
hello fellow backers. not that i don't enjoy scrolling through pages of random comments... just wanted to thank the creators. @creators, received my nsfw version alongside the normal deck several weeks ago (sorry for the late reply). it was all packaged very nicely. loved the "surprise" as well. played the sfw vs with my little cousins and siblings and they all enjoyed it.
today is flying by. soooooper free! i check back about once every 10-30 minutes when i'm here.
today is flying by for me. soooooper busy! i'll check back in a few hours
@zem, thank goodness that's not going to happen, i'd have to deal with the repercussions of everything i've done to try and train him from the forst night he got here to today.  i have a enough guilt of my own already thankyouverymuch.
this day is going to drag on and on. i've done everything i can, waiting on information(still - the person i need the info from is currently traveling), and just trying to get everything else ready for whatever *might* come up.
pot, for some reason i thought you meant your dog's psychological therapy and thought of him in a reclined chair barking his childhood to a psychologist.  yes! after no sleep one day, a ton of work the next cutting off at least an hour of sleep, and plenty of stuff today, i'm finaly [mostly] free at last! time for lunch, possibly my favorite part of the day.
allan ransom about 3 hours ago i think elan and the crew should submit exploding kittens to tabletop. i'd love to see them play this on the show next season. http://geekandsundry.com/tabletop-submission-guidelines-what-you-need-to-know/ that idea is amazing!!! it so needs to happen!
well, today is just another day of...almost nothing. except random text message, that turns into an old friend wanting to invite me to her wedding. don't know if i will even be able to go to it....and if i do go, if i would even have a date for it. =/
i just took a quick look.  now i get it.  much dissatisfaction, and many responses from the creative team apologizing, suggesting fixes and promising upcoming fixes.  it looks like the ek team did a much better job play testing.
i dunno, i'll take a look when i get back from my dogs therapy session.  i backed the game, and got it last week but i haven't opened the package yet.
@pot, i was wondering the same thing.  from a quick browse of the comments, it seems there are some pretty unhappy people.  maybe thats it?
@lz. why the pity for the makers of a chaotic life?
@gm, often debated, highly over rated...
@bakhan: life, what is this concept you speak of? o.o
or even quiet... ><
thats good to hear!  pretty quite in here the last couple of days... could it be people are discovering life after ek again?
sorry, i was in a meeting. it's treating me well.
i think elan and the crew should submit exploding kittens to tabletop. i'd love to see them play this on the show next season. http://geekandsundry.com/tabletop-submission-guidelines-what-you-need-to-know/
whats up lz?  hows being the boss treating you?
good morning, bakhan!
good morning corps!
oh man! i feel sorry for the makers of a chaotic life...
*.... and i'm still not here...*
first lab finished! now to read pages 34-48, 92-97, watch 2 videos, do the onlinen prelab quiz, and write out the introduction, safety, properties, and procedure for the lab all while my roommate is asleep for some reason. he really went to sleep when i got up from my nap at like 7:30. i thought he was napping, but now i think he's just going to stay there. knowing him, he'll still wake up after i have to.  i'll look back on these someday as the good 'ol days. and laugh because it totally sucked. then realize it probably isn't much better.
homework is boring. i'm also bored.
there have literally only been 3 people here all day. that's good because no complainers but bad because i'm bored! i guess my homework has to keep me busy.
that sounds like fun.
all that in addition to the fact that i couldn't fall asleep until after 4 am last night. whee.
well i got 2 labs to do, one of which involves alot of work outside of it because we didn't have the resources during lab, plus at least one quiz. so hopefully i can get the first one done before a good time to eat, in other words, not 5:30 to 7:00 because it's completely full down there.
yeah. i've been busy being a manager. life was definitely simpler before i took this on.
it's really dead for a weekday.
i hate phones that let you play music, but don't let you use music as a ring tone
yeah, sometimes i'm not sure what to make of that guy.
that...that question makes my brain hurt. i mean...it's just...does he even know how that operation works? nevermind. the question shows that he doesn't.
done with classes; now time to finish one lab, write the procedure for it which i didn't have time for, and write out everything for the next one tomorrow. and then do the prelab quiz. yeeha. i've seen some people talking to them, which i think is dumb. one of my friends said he asked one of them, "why is it that you're ok with taking a rib and making a woman out of it, but not taking butt fat and making it into a penis?"...  ... um... 3 points for creativity and inquisitiveness? i think they actually won that debate just because he asked that question. for real.
is this day over yet? kind of slow...and i'm teaching the other payroll person how to do the us payroll in case she needs to cover for me....and i literally am doing nothing but watching, and guiding her through the steps....long day today.
i tell them that if they're going to be rude, i won't invite them to the barbecue i'm planning to have with my friends down there.
i would walk past whoever is holding the "you're going to hell" part, or saying that part, and just say(loud enough for some passerby to hear) "i'll save you a seat, and we'll share martinis with everyone already there".
oh wait, 3 large signs and 5 people total: 300 sq.ft. of you're going to hell. with fliers!
also, the "jesus flagships" are here at campus today. you know, the people with 10' x 10' posters saying churches are a joke, help the needy, jesus died for your sins, etc. no matter how much i agree or disagree, i'm a christian without literally holding like 100 sq.ft. of protest in your face. all they really want is to offend someone so they argue and get publicity. i mean really, did they just look at the westboro baptist church and say, "y'know, they've got something there!"
cod: kava, one of the few legal drugs on earth, was made by boys chewing a leaf and sieving their spit through coconut fibers. they still usually chew it, but now they squeeze it through a clean sock instead. ah, the pacific islands... i've never seen game of thrones, nor do i really want to. yes, yes, gasps abound, but it's true. (yes it's true...) (i am happy to be stuck with you)
just remember, "real" mead, made back in the day, used human spit as part of the fermentation process.  so if you want to be truly accurate ...
@rocky race cheng if you are in the us, send an email to explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool.  if you are elsewhere send an email to support@explodingkittens.com in the subject line write "shipping notification july 28, still no package".  they get to you when they get to your email, it may be two weeks or more they are getting 1000 emails a day.
@rocky race cheng, please contact them at this address:  explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool please make a short, concise subject line you can go further into what happened in the body of the email. they are getting a lot of emails daily.  be patient. it could take 2 weeks or longer to get a reply. some people don't even get a reply, the package just shows up.
i received my confirmation mail on 28/7, till now 31/8 i still not receiving my kitties ..... what should i do now  backuped but no kitties. getting frustrated
we just started playing roll for the galaxy on friday night. kind of a hit with everyone. i can see why it is ranked 47 overall on bgg. hopefully we get to start mistfall and imperial settlers next.
@paleari, please contact  them at this address:   support@explodingkittens.com please make a short, concise subject line you can go further into what happened in the body of the email. they are getting a lot of emails daily. be patient. it could take 2 weeks or longer to get a reply.  some people don't even get a reply, the package just shows up.
good morning all. i probably missed way too much this weekend, so, i will only deal with the last couple of comments. @zem, @lz. we had some mead for the very first episode of agot. it was ok. not great, not horrible. there was a packet of spices that may  be simmered in the mead, but my buddy didn't want to go through that much work. i didn't watch last season of agot. started to get ahead of where the books are. so i'm done with the show until after the rest of the series is out. that's if grrm ever decides to give a crap about finishing them.
i backed the project in february 2015, an you confirmed my order and delivery address on 28/5, but still nothing has arrived. honestly, i'm really disappointed..
hey guys, check out this game, whos boss.. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/594158725/whos-boss-animal-riots-the-card-game-for-roguish-b this game looks like it falls into some what the same genre as exploding kittens.
i know it's rare to be one who hasn't seen game of thrones, but i'm too cheap to pay for cable; and i'm certainly too cheap to pay for hbo.
see, you're a rare person, but i read it's making a huge comeback thanks to entertainment featuring it so much more now, especially game of thrones. i've decided: rocket league is so worth $20! especially when you learn to bicycle kick like the pros, which i'm very close to, just need to work on long-distance aim.
the mead, i mean. i've actually always wanted to make some. ever since i read about it in fantasy novels and saw robin hood prince of thieves. and other robin hood movies.
i've never seen game of thrones; and i don't know if my friend has. it just sounds good.
that sounds cool, though i don't understand why mead is making a comeback. well i do, but game of thrones's influence is too damn high! someone just needs to end the series already so the hype dies down like it did for breaking bad. i think it'd be funny if grog made a comeback! if something can make something that nasty popular, it's way too influential! ;)
in other news, i've decided to help my friend brew some mead this year.
just bought rocket league on steam and it's pretty much as fun and crazy as people make it look. worth $20? i've only played it for an hour and a half, so i don't really know yet.
i was wrong. you can pick locks in arena.
chen, it can take up to 2 weeks or more for them to respond if they even do. they sometimes ship a replacement deck without responding. make sure you have the email spelled correctly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool for shipping issues and support@explodingkittens.com for any other issue.
has anyone else had problem contacting the creators with email? i've emailed them three times and have still yet to even receive as much as an automated "email received" response.
*playing it so much, i just...
i loved playing boss monster i just ordered it. that game is alot of fun!
i knew i loved it, just forgot the insane amount of how much. now i really can't wait for the next season; watching that special was a mistake!
how can you forget how much you love doctor who?
nevermind, i had august and september reversed in my head. dang it! i have another 3 weeks until it finally returns!
watching the dr. who special from last season "last christmas". i forgot how much i love this show! and forgot to look up when it started again, so i think i'm an episode or two behind. i also never even found out there was a special last season, so now i forgot like all that happened then and now the special makes half the sense it could've.
huzzah!
hey all! received my exploding kittens last week and this weekend we had a blast! awesome game! quick, easy to understand, and an exploding kitten full of fun (sorry, no defuse at hand)!! thanks for this little jewel. :)
i don't know if i'm having major computer problems or connectivity problems, but whichever it is, i am getting really pissed. i've had to restart my computer twice since last night, chrome has crashed at least twice, it will sometimes out of nowhere start going slower than windows xp during a blackout...
good afternoon! nothing better than staying up till 2:30, sleeping till 11:00, and getting out of bed at noon for breakfast. why can't the rest of the week be a weekend?
good morning!
good morning, kittens.  hope all is well!
and now a half hour battle with my computer over the internet. for some reason it didn't think i should be using it, but i restarted it. it resisted restarting and wouldn't log off for over 5 minutes, so i force-shut-down holding the power button, something you should never do, but it finally worked. now i brought all my recent tabs back up and am good to go! just in time for after 2 am. i need to go to bed. come on, pizza and computer! it was such a good day until you came along!!!
well, the pizza didn't come for now an hour after it was supposed to. whoopee. complaint email for sure. we saw 2 delivery people, one from the place we ordered from, but still no pizza. dang it, i wanted me some midnight pizza with the weirdest toppings we could find (minus the tater tots): bacon strips, pineapples, and jalapenos!
have fun! just played several games of ek and boss monster with some friends and then ordered a midnight pizza. this turned out to be a great day. makes up for tomorrow when i'll have to get some work done.
i believe i can.  at least i can improve on my placement from last year.  and i was incorrect about the number of teams competing in the barbeque competition.  there were 59.
you can do it, pot!
thank you creeper.  i'll be sure to give kc your love.
i have faith in you!
that's the one creeper.  the world series of barbeque, upwards of 500 teams.  last year there were 262 dessert entries.  most entries are created by professional pastry chefs hired by the big money teams.  this year i'll do better, i didn't know the presentation rules last year.
congrats pot!  by american royal - you mean in kansas city?  send it my love!
thanks lz.
congrats on beating personal records, pot!
i'm not sure if lock picking is even a skill in arena
team placed 14th overall out of forty, 9th place in brisket (our best ever finish in brisket).  my dessert placed 8th out of 20, my teammate 16th.  we'll do better in october at the american royal.
time to play ek for the third time this week, this time with a new set of noobs.
that would definitely help, wouldn't it? your starting lockpicking really isn't very high, plus it's hard without a pick.
i started playing elder scrolls arena today. it was my second attempt since getting the anthology. it was much more fun this time than last time. that might have something to do with the fact that the key that's supposed to be in the locked cell you start in was actually there this time. it wasn't there the first time i tried to play it.
... or high proof alcohol... or... yeah. just alcohol.  good advice, lz!
or just make everything with high-proof brandy...or high-proof rum....
that sucks. at least it's not on your perfect day off. hope you don't cough and sneeze while working though! make sure to bake any and everything at 1000+ degrees. celcius. for days on end. and then get rid of it because it could still make people sick.
have a cold *sneeze* am miserable. *cough.*
quiet day today! how'd it go, pot?  good day today: slept in, had a floor election/smash bros tournament meeting, had a great supper with alot of the floor after, still time to have fun! what should i do... movies, youtube, games i'm bored of...
yesterday, i got my reward for another ks project i backed. it's not as much fun as ek, but it's still fun.
sorry, that should have been two desserts.
everything (dessert, a potato dish, and the barbeque -chcken, ribs, pork, and brisket) has been submitted for judging.  now we wait until 7pm for the results. beer me.
top 'o the mornin, pot, lz, and tep! lz, i really like mr. brooks. it was done pretty well and has some twists and angles that haven't been worn out since then unlike any other good movie. i kind of think of it as dexter meets breaking bad, but i've never seen dexter and only breaking bad because brook's meticulousness and cleverness reminds me of walter white.
good mornin' everyone.
i never saw mr. brooks, but i've wanted to since its release.
this sums up my current status online: http://9gag.com/gag/aywqme2
i love weekends; 2:30 and time for bed. i wish i could have a kitty to play with. ` i wish i got payed in gum! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
yay! just watched mr. brooks with my roommate. he didn't think too much of it, but i love the movie. it's really messed up.
yaaay! for creeper and all the kittehs!
then gave him tuna water, until he felt better.  i think they realize house does not equal death trap
they've been stepping inside from time to time all summer.  but for me to lay down next to them! squeeee!!! it kinda started when scrunchie was dehydrated outside on a really hot day.  he didn't move for hours.  i went out and he barely lifted head, tongue hanging out.  i coaxed him inside with tuna.  he hit the tile floor and sprawled out.
hooray!!! they're warming up to you!
kittykitty has laid down now.  all it took was some shredded cheee
scrunchie is purring!
and there is a kitten outside my door that keeps putting a paw in, then hisses every time i look at her.
not to interrupt this super joyous convo-  but!  i am on the floor, and kittykitty and scrunchie are both in the bedroom right now!!  scrunchie is about 3 feet away, laying down.  kittykitty is sitting behind him.
yeah
the more i read that, the more i think it sounds weird, but grammatically and in point, it works perfect.
the american democratic representative republic system was made in part specifically to make parties impossible, and yet before even 1900, they started popping up. i wish we got back rid of it, but there's way too much money and power in the system to do that without overthrowing the entire system.
i'm getting better at paying attention earlier. i do wish people would abandon the two-party system, though
it's mostly because he speaks his mind and has some good points. really, i don't think anyone is currently fit to win. actually, i love douglas adam's version of the perfect ruler. anybody who wants power can't be allowed to have it; they'll abuse it for sure. the perfect leader is one who doesn't know he's doing it, nor would he if given the chance. read the books for more context and why it's so perfect.
i don't pay attention to debates until it's too late and they've already chosen the candidates for the parties. then i just hate everyone involved and wish it weren't happening.
i know some like that. as long as you're not the one saying that, i don't think you're in danger of getting into sacrilege territory.
i don't know where i am, at the most not much more than moderate, but would it be sacrilege if i said i know several people who are seriously (and not without reason) thinking about voting trump.
i identify on the moderate side of conservatism. i do think trump is a clown, though.
zem, you're not the only conservative. maybe the most conservative, but not the only.
you don't need to tell me, ha. i'm the last one you need to tell that to! chocolate, cheese, clocks, watches, knives... what more could you ask for?! ;)
yeah and think of the chocolate
politically, culturally, socially, actively, and even geographically.
this is why i want to move to switzerland. they got their shit figured out.
am i the only person here who doesn't take to every trend of mockery they see and takes delight in following it and making fun of prominent people (who alot of the time are actually pretty clever, but that's not what media choose to highlight)? yes? ok. even the only conservative? yes? ok... isn't this how revolutions start? really, i think we need one. america hasn't had a good government since the 80s or so and was only a major world power from the 1910s to the early '90s. we haven't even followed what the founding fathers intended of america since the 1880s or 1890s and the last great president was decades ago. they're getting worse every time. well, not in a slope, more of a stock-exchange looking graph of how good presidents are.
as a canadian believe me when i saw its even better from this side of the border
sarah palin is interviewing donald trump tonight and my heart is about to burst with excitement and mockery!
oh yeah, it's the weekend. nobody's ever here. that's sad because this is the time everyone has the most time to be messin around and partying!
why don't you just fly to seattle! have a good time with the nsfw deck
sssshh... be vewy vewy quiet. i'm hunting mattresses! aaw, i wanted to go! oh, and the 20 hours is likely just one way. just fly out here.  playing a game with my roommate and his friend again. they really like the game. using the nsfw deck this time. ;)
shhh i think he might be listening
hmm...we might have to ditch him...it would be another 20-22 hours(traffic/construction depending). but don't tell him, until we are back.
so i'd have to leave right now and drive all night? what about zem we have to factor in the time it would take to pick him up too
@ha: pax runs all weekend, doesn't it? we still have time. it's only ~13 hours from maple ridge to my house, so probably 16-ish hours(ferry ride included) to get here from vancouver island, right? ;)
oh now you come up with a plan!
of course you would be subjecting her to all the smoke and deadly spider farts!
@gm, thats very thoughtful of you! ;)
then come down here to get me and i'll come along. it's a bit longer of a drive, but you'll have gm to keep you company.
you could have come to get me ha, then we could have gone down there together...though you would need to take a solo trip here...but it's a sacrifice i'm willing to make. ;)
they are
seeing all the tweets coming in from pax makes me envious of everyone who's in seattle. damn me for thinking one person road trips were boring!
weekend!!! finally done with it all.
i can just see the little son of a b*tch sitting in there laughing.  he he he, fart, he he he, fart..
i'm still going with spider farts!
@bakhan: the instrument(to my knowledge) draws air through a tube, and senses the number of particulates in the sample. having a spider in there, blocks part of the tube, thus making it seem like there is less "clean" air going through. that's my understanding at least.
@gm, a spider! what?  so how does that throw off the results?  spider farts?
@gm, no, i haven't, but i assuming it has something to do with all the fricken forest fires!  it would be nice to see the sun.  i keep thinking it looks like rain... damn smoke!
it got so bad here that we didn't see the sun for days, it felt like the apocalypse was coming, so creepy. i couldn't leave the house because of the air quality
they sent a demo of this new kickstarter to a youtuber i like to watch and he used it for several things. looks pretty cool! it's like a multi-tool all of its own class; 3d printing pen, soldering iron, wood burner, and styrofoam cutter. definitely cool to watch, though i doubt i could ever afford something like this.
@lz: probably wouldn't hurt...though i don't have access to one. but we're sitting here, on the third floor of this building, with no windows that open, smelling the smoke.
when somebody in another part of another country feels like you need a respirator...
just one more class in an hour and i'm done for the week.
i feel like you should be wearing a respirator
the sky looks yellow because of all the smoke. and eyes start to burn from the smoke when outside. =/
hey i just got rid of the smoke around here, i had my turn
it smells like smoke...everywhere! i'll trade you, ha.
sidenote, it's raining like a mother f'r here on the west coast, it's nice. i'd forgotten what it was like.
good luck, pot!
see we can get along and play nice!
well look at you all.  being helpful and enjoying each others conversations & shit.  makes me wish i had time to hang. hard sauce is done and cooling, puddings need another 20 minutes or so, then i allow them to cool enough to handle, pack my crap up and head for kenosha wisconsin to compete.  see ya'll tomorrow.
@trinkets i don't have newer games. i bought the elder scrolls anthology for pc, but haven't done much with it yet. certainly haven't played skyrim yet.
@bakhan: did you hear why the air quality was said to be worse than beijing?
yeah, they've helped everyone who's asked them better than they hoped. it just takes some time for them to get to your email of the thousand or so per day with 3 people answering it.
@thomas, hmmm okay, well if you don't hear anything by monday i would send them another email.  i know it seems like a pain, but they will help you!
@bakhan yes but i need the tracking number :( my postman isn't really trustfull.
art: oh, and remember: if you contact support, it may take over a week for you to get a notification, if they even reply.
shhh i'm not complaining! i just never noticed it before, seems really expensive
art: did you get notification of it shipping like on the fedex tracking that said it was delivered? contact the mail service. otherwise contact explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool . they should be able to hook you up.
i haven't received my shipment yet and it said it was shipping soon almost a month ago. i need some help!
house arrest: buy them on amazon.com! it's only 40$! ;) but 40 usd to cad is 52.97, so you technically save 3 dollars. stop complaining!
that's it i'm calling you nemo from now on
save some for me. because food. no other reason this time other than that it sounds delicious.  you know what? everybody who makes food and posts about it here, send a sample to my address at: m. philson 42 wallaby way, sydney.
jesus i just saw the amazon.ca price for the game, ouch! $49.99 for each set, that seems a little high
good morning everyone.  just taking a quick moment to drop in and say hi.  now back to work.  i have custard to prepare and puddings to bake!
i thought it was funny because random, but not just coherent enough to play on that magical crossover of random yet sensical.  i miss last year when i could wake up at 10:30 or even later on fridays and only had one class. at least i have an hour break in between each, but i won't get to eat until 2:30. good thing i had a huge breakfast because they had alot of great stuff out for once. including donuts!!!
the smoke is terrible!  well, hopefully it will be gone by the end of the weekend!
the smoke part. not so much the laundry and cleaning.
whoa, that sounds awful.
@trinkets: my eyes hurt when i stepped outside this morning from the smoke. was tempted to turn around and go back inside, call my boss to tell her i wasn't going to be able to come in, then lounge around the house doing stuff i needed to do(laundry/cleaning/etc).
that pic is like donald trump to me. i don't get it, but it makes me laugh.
only one hour and 5 minutes until i can get back to skyrim!!!!! i know everyone cooler has newer games, but i only have a ps2 and am borrowing a buddies ps3.
how's the smoke/fires up north of the border?
*every time. wow. at least my phone doesn't have another language it does that to me in.
i don't get it either, but i can't stop laughing everyone i see it.
i it get don't. also, morning all.
@trinkets, that is pretty epic! not sure i understand it at all, but i think thats the point, right?
yes, phone, i clearly meant to use the dutch word for the in the middle of my english sentence, instead of the english word (get) that i typed. thank you for fixing my mistake.
i don't hét it
good morning to you, sir. maybe my favorite pic of all time. http://imgur.com/0enozrn
well, one can't be too predictable! ;) good morning sir!
up and at 'em  a little earlier today, eh bakhan?
@thomas, you should be receiving a reply soon. that's about the right time frame. they also may have just addressed the issue without replying. don't be surprised if your stuff just shows up! their on it, they really want everyone to get their stuff!
i asked for shipping info 10 days ago by sending an email to support@explodingkittens.com . still no answer :(
very very impressed with the exploding kittens customer service. one of the exploding kitten cards in my nsfw arrived with a mark on it's back. contacted them. they sent me an entire replacement nsfw exploding kittens deck, in box, and everything. wow.
good morning all
well, time for bed. this is zem the mattress with  the anebcnn nightly daily double at 6, signing off.
yeah - there's one dude that just hates matt inman, must have a personal vendetta against him.  just... slow your roll and step back.
but it didn't include actual explosives or kittens. der der derrr! one star only because there's no no-star feature. 10/10 would never buy again. btw, loved the game cards are great its funny buy it guys. but for realz i gave it one star and didnt realize it hurt the game's standing on amazon.
hey all kittens!  dont forget to post positive reviews on amazon!
i've now listened to 4 hour-long episodes of the weird things podcast because they're the legendary spiro and the fudge episodes. it's been like 5 years since those ones aired and those characters are still famous in certain circles. it's so funny.
i just re-watched my kitten consul video.  hehe.  been awhile since i watched it!
stare at the kitties is a constant thing.  so it comes as second nature.  am sometimes late for work because i'm dealing with their drama.
sounds like a good day though.
stare at the kitties was a secondary objective? just an afterthought?!
today was a good day.
my day off was spent reading about 8 different cookbooks, eating a lot of cheese, and now drinking some wine.  have not left the premises nor have i put on a bra.   also stared at the backyard kitties.
see ya!
it's cool. i'm off to bed.  see ya'll tomorrow.
sorry, i really forgot to check over here since that last comment! doesn't usually slip my mind like that.
never mind zem, i found the address and took care of it.
hey zem.  could you go over to the last update and drop a comment with the blackbox support email? someone got an empty box and needs help.
foiled again! #fencingpuns
i need to quickly get ready for my fencing class
mmm. tea, quiet night, only one thing i think that i have to do (hopefully, though i could be wrong and get behind in a class already). can't wait for the weekend.
yay my new boots arrive tomorrow ( i hope) ...$200 pair of boots ...can't wait...had the last pair for 5 years ...well worth the cost
@zem, the extra sleep probably wouldn't hurt!  when you're studying as much as you will be in school, your brain needs more rest as well.  i say, take the opportunity to catch those extra zzz's!  i wish i had the time to!
i hate podcasts only by audio because i sit there doing nothing listening to it. i've been practicing some rubber band magic. usually if i don't have any games to play or comics to read, i just about fall asleep.
just now? i'm having (early) supper in half an hour. listening to some weird things podcasts, the ones with spiro and the fudge. those ones are so worth listening to! they're so hilarious.
yay lunch break! time to eat fast and work faster!
oh yeah. i just don't pay that much attention usually. plus i'm on more later in the day so it seems like everyone else is too. just took a mini-nap, the kind where you don't fall asleep on purpose or else you know you'll sleep for 5 hours, wake up, everything'll be closed even though you're hungry and you don't have anything to eat, online homework will be past due, etc.
oh, quite possibly. but i don't think they will surpass ek. well, maybe slightly in money raised, but i highly doubt there will be anything that surpasses ek otherwise.
they'll definitely come close though.
he was in earlier! he's probably just busy with work.
@creeper: doubt it. @zem: i'm usually on early in the day, with sporadic bursts of me throughout. i just had an optometrist appointment that i was at(no changes, so no spending hundreds on new glasses, yay!).
haven't seen gm all day, though i think he's usually on later in the day.
received the game... it's a lot of fun. good quality cards!
if gm is around?  wondering if you think the jacket will over take ek's amount raised?
nope, it's a surprisingly hard one to find.
@zem, can you find a lower res version of the pic you want?
good night!
finally pulled away from 9gag. don't do that, tep!!!
g'night all! have to turn in now. :( will try to get on again during the weekend.
tep - would very much enjoy those at my house.
i did that and resized it was only as large as it is on the forum. your image is like twice the size of mine, but mine is 5.8 kb, only .2 kb less than the max.
@zem, i get that a lot. lolz!  just load whatever picture you want into any basic paint program.  cut off all the excess, and resize it.  easy peasy!
nooo! tep, what have you done?!?!?! http://9gag.com/gag/a0ynb5q… it can't be stopped! the sidebar; it's always watching!!!!! save yourselves!!!!!!!!!
science in a nutshell: http://9gag.com/gag/adpkepb… that made my day so good!
the cat version of the pc master race: http://9gag.com/gag/abbvm9b…
tep, saw this one on the side; it's a party to me. http://9gag.com/gag/aqne02z…
but it's small on the side. how did bakhan make his so big?
i went on the internets, and i found this: http://9gag.com/gag/a5kq26o useful for creeper's party?
yes! i uploaded it to microsoft paint and resized it to 70% original size (on the second or third try) and it was finally 5.8kb! i think it finally let me have my avatar!
jeez, i saved the tiny picture next to my name here to use as an avatar on the litter box, but even that was 8 kilobytes!!! what more do they want from me?! i already gave up my first, second, third, ninth, and fifteenth born for the password authentification process!
@tep, party at creepers!
what did i miss? what did i miss??
i knew it!  total rave at creeper's!
well, he lives in arizona
boots n pants n boots n pants
are you telling yourself to shh and get back to the interview? because that's good advice. i hope you didn't eat as well while doing it. though phone interviews just don't seem right.
doing interview. sh!
ok, guys, i had onions on the sandwich today, but then soup, cheetos, oreos, and lemonade, so my breath does not smell that bad! wow, after spelling out my lunch from the sandwich place in the basement of my dorm, i feel like a kid again! that would've been like the perfect lunch then.
mmmm, lunch! my favorite part of mid-day!
i'm up for a rave party at creeper's. and the best part is she's got the kitties outside, so we don't even need to bring our own fun to the party! "everybody wants to be a cat because a cat's the only cat who knows where it's at everybody's pickin' up on that feline beat 'cause everything else is obsolete"
howdy, zem.
wow, it's been busy. and yup, for that earlier weather conversation, nebraska has some of the worst swings even by midwestern standards. every year it gets down at least to -10 f with a windchill of -140 sometimes, and the summer is typically averaging 100 with a legal minimum of 80% humidity on a good day. whoopee fun! the only thing we never get here is hot and dry, possibly my favorite weather to visit. (i love going to deserts so much!)
ah, the good thing about tues. and thurs. is that i only have class up to 12:30 at the latest, depending on how lab goes.
@gm, yeah the smoke is not so good.  its been kicking me pretty hard.  i have severe sleep apnea and it has really cut my oxygen back, so the headaches are making me live up to my avatar.
boots-n-pants-n-boots-n-pants-n-boots-n-pants!! creepers place will be the new rave in town!!
hi creeper! sorry to bolt, but i have shit to do.  i'll check in later.
we'll be tidy
y'all can party here!  i'ma just be sitting on the couch.  so you need to get a cleaning crew.
yay for days off!
and i really miss midwest weather!  i'm from kc, mo (go royals!) remember?  i miss tornado season and thunderstorms.  god i miss those thunderstorms.  new york has the same kinda/sorta extremes and temps, but lacking in storms.  they move too quickly being so close to the ocean.
ok - this video just kills me every time.  it's so funny... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
party at creeper's!!!!
@gm - word.  i was at a physical therapists office on the upper east side on park avenue (rich old wasp neighborhood).  the waiting room was full of ... well, rich old wasps.  this woman goes "honey, you're so young, why are you here?"  "waitress"  a resounding "ohhh" was made by a few.
@bakhan: is the smoke giving you a headache? mine has started to hurt as of yesterday around noon...and drugs aren't helping. @everyone else: good(sort of) morning. @creeper: that's one reason i left the hospitality industry. i couldn't take the super long stretches without a day off, and working 12+ hours a day any longer. my body is still punishing me for it.
yay creeper! good for you!
its my day off!!!!  aaghousdofjaen!!!  finally!  it's been 15 days since i didn't have to commute to the restaurant!
good morning ha, lz. my new house has a safe room now.  10" thick, rebar reinforced concrete walls and roof.  i have lived through three tornados (where i was literally within rock throwing distance of the funnel) i'm going to feel safer now. largest hail i've ever personally seen was golf ball sized, and it totaled my car and killed a goose.  i don't need to see it any bigger.
during the phone interview, i'm sure they won't notice
busy day. busy day. i have a phone interview, and i'm covering for one of my employees, and then it's off to fencing! when am i going to eat?
i'll weigh into the weather talk, we're getting rain today and that's pretty exciting. i think we've had 1mm all of august
good morning, lz.
good morning, house arrest.
good morning lz and house arrest!
morning, house arrest (and everyone else, of course)!
morning all
@trinkets yes, i want the 6 kb pic for my litter box profile pic
tornadoes and hail,  i think that's friday for us, lol.
at 112 and 99%, it's both
also, you midwesterners can keep all your filthy tornadoes and basketball-sized hail.
the hottest i've ever experienced was 112f ( thats for you pot), with about 99% humidity in mexico.  we were going to check out some mayan ruins in the jungle.  i just about died!  its not the heat, its the humidity for sure!
humidity is the devil. that's why i live in the desert
yeah.  midwest weather ain't for the timid.  we get some of the most extreme weather swings.  a lot of people think it must be all sunshine and rainbows this far inland and this far north.  sure winters can be bad, and summers can be hot, but it's not always like that is it?  uh. yeah.  it really kinda is.
we have a military base just outside of town. it is funny listening to the stories of the troops up from georgia telling us how they get constant 100+ degree heat and we're pussies  is for warning them of the 95-100 we get. then the 95% humidity shows up with the 95° and they turn into the biggest pussies, lol.
@pot, western canadian here, the only place you'll see a croissant is in a croissandwich!  i'll be bringing western justice with me, so you better be ready to go a sight further than one day, although, it probably won't take more than a couple of minutes. ;)  especially, if it gets "cold".
it's not the cold that gets us, it's that darn humidity.
ah yes.  the thickened blood of the hearty northerners.  i forgot.
non way we turn on the heat for 42° in august.  we had the windows wide open.  perfect sleeping temp.
oh yeah?  bring a croissant with you buddy.  you're gonna need lunch, cause it's gonna go all day!  :p
fight! fight! fight!
that's a good way north of me alright.  perhaps you would be justified in turning the heat on.  but i cannot do it here in chicago. years ago my wife and i took a driving vacation, loooong trip, about 7000 miles. on the way back we went through yellowstone.  no one ever told me it snows in the first week of september in wyoming.  caught us completely by surprise.  and it doesn't mater how many pairs of shorts you wear when that happens, you're still going to be cold from the knees down.
sissy, communist, metric crap? seriously?  anytime, anywhere, pal! ;)
i have to finish memorizing two pieces for a show next week and get started on a third (if the damn script ever shows up).  i  have to take the dog to therapy, get him some food and check on the house.  then go to the store and get barbeque and dessert making supplies for tomorrow.  that's a full workin' day lad!
i'm up (for you) in tomah, wi
where are you trinkets?
tons of work. lots of staining and vanishing to do. rebuild a window sash that has rotted, and rebuild a drawer core.
we had 42° f, ~5.5°c  when i woke up at 6:00 am.
okay, it was actually about 54 degrees when i rolled outta bed.  but i will not turn the heat on in august!  i simply will not. what do you folks have on tap for the day?
bravo, pot! 'murica!!
fahrenheit.  i'm a 'murican damn it.  we don't talk no sissy communist metric crap 'round these parts.  an' iffen you wanna live sonny jim.  neither will you.
@pot, celcius?
good morning gentlemen!  it's a lovely morning here in chicago. ambient local temperature is approximately 12 degrees.
lol, good morning @pot.
@pot, good morning sir!
excuse you trinkets?  off my game?  i think not.  i told you all last night i have a busy day on tap. g' mornin'
pot is off his game today. so......how about a lord zombitten sighting?
looks like @pot is turning me into a liar.
well i'm just saying... ;)
lol, i think it's too long as it is.
@trinkets, you're going to have to change your name to trinkets&bearerofthehourglass... ;) glad to help!
isn't it about time for @pot to grace us with his presence?
@lz, we're you looking for a pic for the litter box?  i saw you were looking for a 6kb pic. i just copied the pic next to my name on here and it worked.
boom! got it @bakhan. thanks. i don't know how i missed that when i was looking around earlier.
@trinkets, so, you go to your profile, and then go to the edit avatar tab.  the rest is up to you! ;)
@trinkets, thanks!  as far as the pic, i'm not sure i think its through your profile.  its been so long, i can't remember.
hey, btw, how do you put the pic next to your name over at the litter box?
congratulations, @bakhan!
i just gotta say, cause i'm excited and all, i've lost 8.8lbs since monday! whoo hoo!
@trinkets, pretty awesome deductive powers there mister!
lol, i thought it was usually about 8:30 when u showed up, so i was just swing how close i was.
good morning corps!
@trinkets, lol! that was awesome, and so close!
i'm trying out an experiment. in 59 minutes.... good morning, bakhan.
good morning all. @lz,  you must have a good twin somewhere.
time for bed. good night, though i suspect i'm the only one left. this is for anyone still here quietly: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
should i grow a goatee as well? nah, it wouldn't look good on me at all.
whoa, 11:30? i should go to bed too. have to get up early and tomorrow is entirely labs and lab-lecture from 8:30 to 12:30. everyone asks how the first days are going, but i can't wait for the first weekend.
if the one with the goatee is the evil one, that explains why i'm a villain
use the kitten to do a rocket jump over the fence. take another one so you can get back and some others to defend yourself from any unseemly neighbors taking aim.
holy cow alot happened in a short time.  i know, lz, i want to put my profile picture on the litter box, but there's none so small! really? only a barbed wire fence with concertina ribbon at the top? dude, that's nothing when it comes to a kitten in distress!
*aims exploding kittens at fence**hopes for the best*
i have faith that'll you'll find a way melissa!
ok.  i need sleep and to not try to figure out how to scale said fence and razor wire.
it's off in the distance.  harrumph.  had to give up and go back inside.
help teh kitteh!!! seriously,  logging off. nighty night.
did you try a water pistol?
this is not ok. i stood out by the back fence and talked.  it would be quite for a bit, then start mewing again.   stupid fence
nice try tchotchke. alrighty, off to bed. good night all.
guyyyyysssss....  there is a kitten mewing in distress outside and i can't get to it.
ouch
@lz, did you try amazon? they have everything!
there's only ever one evil one.  and if south park taught us anything it's that the one with the goatee is evil except for eric's, then it's reversed.
melissa "taser creeper" nicole about 1 hour ago because cheese @creeper, you win teh interwebz!!
evil twins.
tchotchke!  just s i pop on to say goodnight. it's like we're twins or something.
hey mel.  good night.
where the nuts does one find a pic that's smaller than 6 kb?!
i meant them not us
we're not angry or pissy, they are. we try to rationalize and show them it's not actually wwi and to please put down the shovels and grenades. with the pins still in them.
i feel for them, i do but the last thing that's going to make things better is getting angry and pissy.
i mean, obvi, lz. :) micah - i was here during the campaign with the constant questions throughout.  and though at times it can be frustrating (i have had a break down or two) we still need to remember our main intention.
and judge (sorry, i couldn't resist), but mostly help
you don't know the pain, creeper! you don't have to slog through trenches full of dirty, bloody, knife/gun/bayonet/grenade/shovel-wielding backers that didn't receive the one thing they've looked forward to since they were born and now it's being sold on amazon. amazon!!! the humanity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and also , i've backed a campaign that had a mishap with some shipping orders, but started to sell retail to the public.  i was one of the people still waiting on my order.  so though i was sympathetic and understood the situation, there was still a bit of frustration.  we just need to be here to help!
because cheese.
now now, we can't be too judgey of everyone.  let us lead with love and cheese.
hmm maybe they'll all just go to pax and take their butt hurt out on them in person, at least there'll be kittens to defuse any angry people, oh and matt
save me some barbecue! i love it and summer is ending so it's not so glorious. just air-mail it to me.
i'm going to bed.  busy day tomorrow then friday i'm off to a barbeque competition.  see ya'll in the morning.
we got our share, but thankfully they just opened the floodgates a smidge to let a draft in rather than dynamiting the dam.
good evening all. how was the butt hurt today?
so, how's life?
mmmmmm....  chocolate.
and i made hot chocolate before checking my email and seeing the quiz was up. an hour later i just have chocolate. why, oh god of tasty food? whyyyy?!?!?!?!?!?!
now i'm hungry because i looked at it. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
and that's awesome! i haven't looked at your twitter in some time, which makes sense because i avoid it like the cliches.
that explains why you're not on here much. hi creeper! (not necessarily in that order) had to do a prelab quiz that was finally put up a couple of days late, leaving only tonight and early tomorrow morning to do it.
i only have one day off a week, and two days a week are double shifts.  i am a very very sleepy kitten,
i don't have any private orders at the moment.  either it's something i'm putting out there, or it's just the universe helping me.  i'm busy as chef at this new place (meaning, i'm insecure, terrified and worried constantly and feel like a fraud always) while maintaining my waitressing job)
glad the house is progressing pot! and sometimes the candidate you don't think will work ends up being perfect, so cheers for being fair, lz
are you still staying up til all hours baking for private customers creeper?
i'm doing well. i have another interview tomorrow, and then one on friday with a lady who has a phd. i'm not sure either will be a good fit, but i want to give everyone a chance
i'm doing okay.  my contractor thinks he can scratch a framing crew together that can start framing the house beginning friday or maybe monday, instead of the forst week in october.  so that's good news.
how are you gentleman?
yay kittens!
i loved it! though i felt bad because he missed an email from me and ending up traveling all the way to the upper east side (believe me, it's a pain in the ass), when i was in midtown.  but yay kittens!  my coworkers were soooo confused.
very cool!
in steps creeper, and i was able to give him his kittens today!
hi guys!  we had previously set something up with a backer who was moving out of country to nyc for a year.  he had no forwarding address in this country,  so the super sweet ek gang made sure he had someone in new york to receive his kittens!
hi creeper!
creeper! that's so cool!
i got to meet a kitten fan all the way from brazil today- if you happened to catch my tweet @sugwhip
hello my lovely kittens!
i got the money order, and part of the reward. i didn't even care about getting the reward, since i demanded a refund.
so did you get the money and the reward? or are those two different projects?
for the money, charge him for interest and inflation.
just looking at what you've supported on your profile, gm, i know it has to be the 2013 calendar, amiright?!
well, it took about 3 years, but i finally got a reward from one of the first projects i backed. as well as the refund i demanded(in money order form, so it damned well better be in us funds, which is what i paid it to the person as). and his "it's on the way + extras for being a backer" that he told me back in april, was a definite lie. the mailing office date stamp is 8/18/2015. at least i got my money(hopefully all of it) back.
maybe everybody is playing exploding kittens?
i don't know. i don't get it, either
wow. why is nobody on here later? it's always busy about noon and then on occasion at like 9 pm or something. i guess that's slightly different in your time zone, but still.
good work
almost 40 minutes to realize i left out the link!
oh, whoops! hahaha! http://explodingkittens.com/buy
cod: here's where it looks like the original box will go on sale once they get all of the orders fulfilled and have extras on hand.
so that means, at least in some respect, these being sold through amazon are separate production from the ks sets -- they are not ks overruns or excess production.
i just checked the amazon listings for this, and there is a specific q&a that states the amazon version boxes do not have the special feature, and the original edition box is not the magnetic flip-tip lid -- it's a box similar to the nsfw box lid.  dunno if anyone pointed that out already ...
i don't know whether anyone else even has it. nobody could tell me about the prelab assignment which is like a quiz over the procedure due before lab tomorrow, so basically tonight. it's also not up. i hope the teaching assistant looks at his email often.
@zem, can anybody else in the class help you out with that?  sounds pretty crazy to me!
meaning it's not in the bookstore, nor do they have a title or author of the notebook. but they still want me to read the procedures ahead of time and do the questions at the end of the labs. ok...
well apparently my lab notebook doesn't exist except in the minds of the syllabus and the tas. i think they want me to have one, but they don't say where to get one.
plus you get the super-special fun ks-exclusive box for the standard deck with the surprise. they'll sell them too, just a heads-up, but only, we think, the overstock. they had to make more than they sold just so they had enough to get out to people in case of the couple thousand that didn't get theirs.
@random, yes its true.  this is actually quite typical with most kickstarters.  i have seen where it is available for retail before any backers even have the product, so all things considered, this is a pretty minor issue.  i realize of course that if you are still waiting for yours, that it won't seem that way.  rest assured this will not prevent them from being able to look after you.  if you haven't got it yet, its coming!
they're already selling these decks on amazon, while there are still kickstarter backers waiting for their pledge decks?
you may lose years of your life, but you'll be able to have a taller fence. or whatever the issue was, i forget really.
so then it really boils down to a benefit vs. cost analysis.  in my opinion, its not worth it.  its like arguing with your wife, you can win on every point and still lose.  although in this case it would be because of boredom. ;)
maybe i can't change them, but i might be able to make 'em uncomfortable.
@pot, thats about what i'd expect... reminds me of a dale carnegie class i took.  "i know someone in a rut who will always be in a rut! you wanna know why?  because they refuse to do what is neccessary to change!"  you had to scream that out at the top of your lungs, it was pretty fun actually.
i'd really try hard to make sure your efforts aren't for naught if you really decide to try to use their own boardom against them.
oh i don't see them changing jack.
hiya zem.
@pot, it all depends on whether you think they can change or not.  if they can't change, forget it!
hey trinkets, bakhan. @bakhan.  i'm not sure i'll ever recover from the nightmare that was the village bored meeting.  i really have to think about whether or not i want to be part of that.
also, did you see youtube launched their own version of twitch? wonder how that'll go. good idea on their part for sure, though i never watch livestreams unless it's a great person or group i love and just happened to see they're on now.
lz, yeah, they can sell it physically anywhere they want and on their own site, just not on like ebay or something like that. it only excludes amazon's direct competition.
pot howdy doody!
@pot, hey howdy!
howdy, @pot
howdy troops.  it's been a busy morning i see.
but the exclusive label apparently still does not preclude selling in brick and mortar stores. it just means they won't sell it through other online retailers. i'm okay with that
it must not show on mobile
but yeah, just below the product description, just under where it says this box doesn't meow, is a little image that says amazon exclusives and links to that part of the site. the quote just below this comment was from the bottom of the page. and with that, time for physics reci. see you all in over an hour.
okay, if you click on the amazon exclusive link, it takes you to a page where you can search for their exclusive products, ek is one of them. i wonder if they looked at the logistics and said, hmmm sell to one company, or many... easier to just go with amazon?
welcome to amazon exclusives. amazon exclusives showcases sellers who have chosen to sell their products only on the amazon marketplace and through their own websites and physical stores. yup, so they sell it on amazon, their website, which brings you to the amazon platform, and in stores once it's produced enough.
oh, just below the description on the amazon page, it has a picture that says, "find unique and innovative products at amazon exclusive." though that doesn't mean amazon holds any rights over the product, i'm sure.
@zem, look for his first post today, it had the link.  however, i, like the others was unable to see the exclusive seal.  that being said, if that is how cah is doing it, then i think its pretty logical that ek would as well.  they did after all use the cah shipping dept. for fulfillment.
i also don't see a llink in either of the war store's comments.
i also clicked @thewarstore's link and didn't see any amazon exclusive seal or anything. on mobile or full site. could be that i don't have any idea what i'm looking for either.
well, the nsfw is #1 as amazon's top seller for toys & games.  the regular deck is #2.
yeah, i saw when the first person put up a complaint and just laughed at how sad it was. seriously, i don't know if they expected something else, but they're just sad.
someone call the police! there's been a drive-by commenting!!! just in time for lunch before recitation and then i'm done for the day!
howdy!
@house arrest, hey howdy!
morning all. i see the drama has been alive and well this morning
i saw that one, as well. my eyes rolled so far back in my head that my brain said "what are you looking at me for?!"
here is another one, trying to be funny: 13 of 199 people found the following review helpful 1 - star misleading product name byjason ron august 24, 2015 i was very excited when i first heard about this product. it instantly brought back childhood memories. imagine my disappointment when i opened the box to find that no exploding kittens were included, living or otherwise. the contents only include mildly funny, poorly drawn cartoons of kittens exploding. a poor substitute to be sure
some people will find a way to complain about anything. they make me sad.
i was reading the reviews of the nsfw deck on amazon...and this one caught my attention: 1 of 25 people found the following review helpful 1 - star bad byairon lynchon august 25, 2015 the oatmeal is an egotistical self-righteous rag and this product further shows it's about turning a profit rather than producing a product people want. the jokes aren't funny and this whole thing, with as much money that it got funded with isn't really a good indication of money well spent.
i followed the link. i still don't see an amazon exclusive label.
it is on the link i posted below. what that means is they gave the rights to distribute solely to amazon, scroll down and you will see the exclusive amazon label.
where does it say that it's amazon exclusive?
but yeah, it would've been nice just so that so many people didn't complain about it if they would just post a little update about this situation.
first off, there were probably just under half a million nsfws printed, not just hundreds. second, i think they wanted to undercut the people trying to make a profit off their work by reselling the decks, so they released it early. third, they didn't say the nsfw was exclusive after it became a full deck; they just never said it wasn't anymore either. don't worry, your awesome box with surprise is still exclusive and special, though there're over half a million of those as well.
@thewarstore, can't argue with any of that.  i wish they would have posted an update here explaining their decision.  we don't have to agree with it, but it would have been nice.
those are all understandable reasons, but to make them exclusive to amazon smacks of cards against humanity, it is kind of like making yourself exclusive and cutting out all the legitimate re-sellers out there. if it is exclusive to amazon it means they have made it a regular product however as that would be required for the contract. it is no longer exclusive in any form at this time. of course.... there were 100's printed already, but it is a bit of a principle thing.
@zem, exactly!  now, go get yourself a sammich!
just in time to hear another complainer! highlight of the day. man, you guys have had a busy morning. i would have lunch now, but it's too early, so my only next break while they serve lunch is at 2:30, and i'll only have just long enough for a sandwich or something.  well, bakhan, they didn't know then it would get this big, even till the last week or so. i just wish they would've said since it's now a full deck, it's a full expansion deck and is fully canon.
@trinkets, you're right.  its all a matter of technicality though.  gamers are pretty good at nit picking.  i wish they would have never said it was exclusive, would have solved the problem, before it started.
how exclusive are our nsfw decks and special boxes. a few hundred thousand are out there.
*shell shocked. damn phone fell off the wagon.
@thewarstore, i believe that they did this to stop people from gouging on ebay, so thats a pretty good reason.  also, depending on how many they made for the ks to cover pledges and losses due to shipping errors etc, they may have had too many lying around and needed to clear them out.  i understand people being upset, but i have to believe that there are some good reasons.
@thewarstore.com yeah, we're a little she'll shocked.
this guy will probably be right on time since he's coming in during his lunch break
how nice of the producers of this game to sell exclusive sales rights to amazon.com for the 'kick-starter exclusive' ntsf deck.......... this is not a good move even if i understand their desire to make as much money as possible off this game. http://www.amazon.com/exploding-kittens-nsfw-explicit-content/dp/b010tu7lp2/ref=sr_1_3…
i'm pretty sure it was in washington that the video was taken too.
i remember seeing a video, from one of the firefighters, that showed the fire coming over the hill/mountain/dale/whathaveyou in front of them...in seconds it went from a little red in the sky, to huge flames seen coming at them(maybe 20-30seconds between it all).
@gm, damn that smoke is thick out there!  the amount of forest fires is too damn high!
if he's not 15min early, he's already late.
actually, i do have to go in. i have a guy coming in for a job interview today.
i know. especially now that i'm a boss. they expect more of me
@lz: you don't have to...just it's hard to keep the bosses happy(and stay employed) unless you make an appearance.
*grumble grumble* fine! i'll get out of bed and go to work!
morning all. how is everything? i got a nice picture this morning looking to the east, since the city is covered in smoke from the wild fires in bc and the states, it's actually quite a nice picture. if i ever do get back on the litter box i will post it there.
@trinkets, its easier than you would think!  i've got 18 days left and my goal for this one was 20lbs, so i may have to recalculate that goal! after that, we're going to disney world!  whoo hoo!
@antoine, fantastic!! we got lucky backing such a great game!!
i didn't lose my mind. i just let it go for a walk.
zero chance i survive 2 days of a juice fast.
got my exploding kittens game a couple of weeks ago and love it, like everyone else in the family! great job guys!
sorry to hear about the allergies, they can be a bitch for sure!
@trinkets, i'm doing great!  my pups still doing good, i started a juice fast on monday, and i've already lost 4.5lbs!
@pot, hey man! have you recovered from that village meeting yet? ;)
now i feel better. allergies are killing me this morning. ugh. how are you gents doing?
'sup cats?
good morning corps!
i kind of feel like zem right now.
i think @lz lost his mind last night, lol
good morning all.
congratulations,  @victor!!
i just got mine :d thanks a lot, gonna play it tonight :d
ayayay! ayayay! ayay ja ayay ja ayayay!
het is zo stil en lekker rustig zo erg dat je de stilte hoort maar wat komt er uit de verte dat onze rust zo bruut verstoort?
het is zo stil en lekker rustig zelfs geen vogeltje dat fluidt de telefoon op trillende functie nee, niks of niemand maakt geluid
nice and quiet...
if you're  having difficulties send an email to support@explodingkittens.com  expect a wait of 10 to 20 days for a response, they're overwhelmed with emails right now. keep in mind that as of the last update (a week ago) they were still shipping packages, so yours may nit have shipped yet.
how can i get in contact with the kittens team i have not recieved my cards or any notification of incorrect address or anything and really dont want to have to buy another set. plz help
has anyone had any luck with blackbox reshipping packages that weren't delivered or delivered to the wrong address? i contacted the kittens team who told me i was too late to change it weeks in advance of the shipping date, then blackbox first thing i got shipping notification, then did the survey when the package was never forwarded by usps or whoever was doing the delivery. haven't heard back in weeks since the survey. anyone else get an update/feedback on theirs?
gm, phone converters aren't usually as up to date as google is unless they use google, and it can change quite a bit. i just typed in that many chinese yen to usd and it came right up.
you guys crack me up
@emmett salisbury send an email to support@explodingkittens.com   in the "subject" line write "no survey received".  be prepared to wait 10 to 14 days for a reply.  the creative team is swamped with emails right now.
wat survey! :(
yeah, all i did was open the currency converter on my phone. and on that note, i'm off for the night.
that's....impressive
i didn't even have to use google, yahoo, or any other search engine. :p
you underestimate the laziness, zem
well, the chinese yuan(at 3.6 billion) is equal to $561,562,567.19 us
real money? ;) you're on the internet. you couldn't look that up? $561,482,316. so that 10% thing would mean he has over 5.5 billion dollars. if that's your country's richest man, that's not terrible for developing nations, but for china?
what's 3.6 billion yen in real money?
oh wait, if 3.6 billion yen was 10% of his fortune, that would make him a really poor richest man, and i'd feel sorry for china.
i hope that was actually 3.6 billion yen and they forgot to change it! holy cow, that's alot. what, did he invest it all in a strange, shady technology company with a genius ceo nobody's met and a new super-device promised to be revealed next month?
and that's why i bury my money in the backyard
well....i know i will never have that much money. china's richest man lost $3.6 billion in a single day, which is more than(nothing specified how much more) 10% of his wealth.
wow. i even went to eat supper and there weren't dozens of comments while i was away! this really is a slow day!
that's a theory as to why they started the amazon sale so soon, to curtail the ebay sales
huzzah! number 3, guys!  that's what we think they were aiming for, chris. they actually never said anything about that deck being exclusive except for like in the first week or so. it became an official expansion deck! i'm glad they kicked out the scammers and scalpers.
what part of 'kickstarter exclusive' has translated into 'nsfw deck available on amazon about 3 minutes after the kickstarter decks shipped'?!? i bet the people who paid over $100 for the nsfw decks last week on ebay are pissed....
that's right!
one minions to rule them all!!!
excellent, nothing beats being lord of the minions
mauh ha ha my plan worked, you see secretly i work for the breath mint consortium
it's okay, ha, i'm the boss now
i feel bad for all you guys working and studying. would it be mean to admit that i'm sun tanning?
dang it, now i'm out. see what you did, house arrest?!
i have a bag of wint-o-green lifesavers in my drawer and i'll have two or three on occasion. now i want some again!
heck, i'll have a mint or two now. i love them! well time for some reading. usually that's awesome, but not when it's a physics textbook and whatever this book for our communications class is. also, discovered today that my o-chem lab isn't just registered as a separate class, it's treated as one too! they try to keep them together, but otherwise it's technically its own class worth 2 credits (though including lecture and lab for the lab class, i go to 8 hours of stuff. 12 hours registered, 18 hours' worth of work.)
when a girl offers you a breath mint, take the breath mint
neither of them got the job yet. they're only the first two. i'm hiring for two part time medical technologist positions. the other applicant was a minute or two early
a word to the wise, never refuse a breath mint.  just sayin...
haha, @house arrest said @zem has bad breath. sorry,  channeling my inner 5 year old.
did he get the job? did the second applicant show up early for the interview? did he get the job? is the position still open? what does it pay? what is the position? is this too many questions?
yes, he showed up right after my last comment. then i had another one immediately thereafter, then i had a meeting with a vendor. it's been a busy day
yeah, you wouldn't mind grabbing a mint eh?
most weren't that bad, but i'm just giving myself something to talk about so i can break this silence. is it my breath? i didn't even have onions on my sandwich today!
gawd, i hope not. most will probably the ones with all of the problems with shipping. some weren't too nice.
i'm guessing they'll find there way over here soon enough.
those are amazing, tep! maybe the only ones to complain haven't seen it yet, and if they have they realized it's not really that big of a deal as long as they do get theirs eventually.
i too am surprised by the lack of anger.  perhaps they are all in shock?  i dunno, but i am not going to complain about it.
cuteness overload!: http://9gag.com/gag/aq2yb5v and then some exploding ..... http://9gag.com/gag/aep9byw don't worry. it's safe.
hopefully, since most people have the decks, they won't pop back here for some butthurting comments. i actually can't believe we haven't heard,  well, really any.
http://9gag.com/gag/arrmqey potato kitten!
was it something i said? hehe, 42 minutes ago. that number keeps popping up everywhere since i've loved it. baader-menhof effect!!!!!!
hi all! good day today; had to get up earlier, but easier (or at least quicker) classes. now for lunch and gmm! pot, what did you expect from a village board?! i like the litter box! that's a great name for the forum. also gonna check up there before lunching.
@lz, did the applicant ever show?
@pot, i was kinda suspecting that is how it would go.  the majority of people actively interested in that type of thing, are out to push their own agenda, or are arm chair lawyers.  snooze fest!
i went to the village bored meeting last night (and no, i did not misspell "bored").  holy crap.  nit picking, anal retentive, bullshit merchants.  every one.
@pot, you're damn straight! @lz, hire the applicant only to fire them for being late!
then he's already late lz.  good morning everyone.
i'm waiting for a job applicant to show up for an interview. he'll be late in one minute
good morning gm and house arrest!
patiently waiting for a meeting to start...with all the office staff here, and in houston(meeting initiated by the ceo).
morning all, how goes the battle?
morning kittens.
@trinkets, yep, tch works for me! or even tkh...
@pot, i didn't consider that a butthurt, more like mild grumbling. i'm waiting for the innapropriate blow ups. @bakhan,  no, not complaining, more like dreading. and yeah,lol 3k's, not a good idea. spin off of your idea, the cat house?
@trinkets, i like home base, but we could also go with 3c, carpeted cat condo.  could of spelt them all with k's to go with the kitten theme, but then you would have 3 k's which, isn't even remotely close to what we're trying to promote at all. lolz!
i think the thing we really need to watch out for is actually pouring gas on the fire ourselves.  people will find out and/or be butthurt on their own, i'm not sure we need to point the way.  just saying.
we had our first late yesterday afternoon (central time).  it wasn't loud or long, but it was definitely butt hurt.
morning pot, and trinkets! @trinkets, hang on a sec, are you complaining that there isn't enough complaining? lolz!
i would like to put up for a vote, to have an official name for the other/corps site. like a code name. home base? the litter box? any ideas?
how long before the butthurt starts? someone has to pop in and complain sooner or later.
it's like the waltons, except in the morning.
g' mornin' trinkets, bakhan.
good morning corps!
good morning all.
didn't realize  'smocking' word. way to go, phone!!!
kittens! club board updated with new insights. please review at your earliest.
yes, i had to check
you had to check, lz? i love the cat science one too, though it's not my favorite. crack smocking baby owls are amazing. and maybe not everyone who will complain about that saw it today. we'll probably have way more butthurt in the coming days. brace yourselves... and on that, time for bed even though things seem to be picking up. i have to get up at 7:30 tomorrow. how did i wake up at 7 at the latest (except for weekends) for like all my life?!
oh, i forgot that zem's real name is micah!
that's cause it's for science!
@micah thanks for letting me know about the text in the lower left corner. i remember reading during the campaign there would be a way to identify the nswf deck bit couldn't see it. thanks again
@trinkets, we are more similar than would first appear.  also my favorite drawing.  though the part that cracks me up most is the cat holding up the heart and demonstrating to the rest of them.
autocorrect is a hell of a drug!
damn autocorrect! i meant crack smocking... my phone is just as drunk as trinkets'
crack stocking: the art of weaving textiles from crystallized cocaine.
agreed. also, i'm not sure which got more laughs from my friends,  the crack smocking owl, or all the dick jokes. my favorite is the donating your body to cat science card. the one running with the eyeball always cracks me up.
i agree
just going to say there wasn't nearly as much butthurt in here today as i was expecting.
methinks it's time for some sim goatulator. yeah, that sounds right.
hahaha!
oh, f****** s******************** i f****** forgot who i was f****** talking to! haha!
do you really have to ask what my favorite is? my faith in you is *droopy dog voice* going down. sir.
just gonna leave it there? ok. *droopy the dog voice* i was never interested anyways.
those are great, but not my favorite
my favorite is either the pope of nope or smoking crack with a baby owl.
hmmm, perhaps that's a good strategy. it is difficult to explain the rules of a elio when everyone is busy guffawing over the whale boner tether ball
i thought i should get them started and teach the rules before breaking out that bad boy.
that's what i would have started with
just played a game with my roommate and his best friend. they had no idea what to expect, but loved the game when we got to the end. once they learn the rules better and are used to it, it'll be a huge hit here too. and i have yet to whip out my nsfw deck!
you mean drink? you need to get that phone in line!
damn, battery almost done. need to charge. later everyone.
if my decks are ever beyond repair, i'm only going to buy a new one. i don't like sleeves much.
@mario. i use them for all my games. the cards never wear out. but you won't be able to put them in the regular decknbox. they won't fit after they are sleeved.
@eric i never used them before but i will now
clapton? hmm, not really that funny. he's the smart one of the three for sure.
a trinity of trinkets, tchotchke,  and god. hmmmmmmm.......
yeah i hear you there. as someone that only bought two sets, one to play and a spare, i guess it just doesn't bother me. the pitfalls of buying from start ups i guess.
i used the less than just for price, not for general value. in that case our $35> amazon $40
...and zem, eric clapton.
agree tchotchke.  i feel let down somewhat. our cost $35 for both decks < $40 for both decks at amazon. maybe being $5 cheaper was the exclusive part.
i'm not saying i'm disappointed in my purchase or the product, far from it.  but if i had known i could have easily picked up another copy off of amazon with free shipping at any time and it wasn't a one-time printing at all, i'd definitely have gotten a couple fewer copies.  again, probably would have bought them eventually, but then it would have been a year later (for x-mas gifts) and maybe years later for replacement copies if we're still playing in that long.  i'm not upset or bitter or anything, but generally when you say something will be a ks exclusive, you make it a ks exclusive.  if they had waited for ek version 2 with a few new card types, modified rules, etc, and thrown out a new nsfw copy, that's cool.  it's not about the value (especially how many they pumped out), it's about the promise.
the tension is palpable. electric. mind-numbingly powerful!!!!! and it gives me gas.
now all we need is eric idle or some name that starts with a c, like coulson, and we'll have a 3-stooges get together, huh?
oh, that's what's going on. didn't the old wizard warn of what would happen if both erics got together?! i mean, if i and derp joined forces, the world as we know it would end, but this is pretty bad as it is.
hey, tchotchke,  how's it going? zem's classes.
good point trinkets. we probably won't and we'll be left here to defend ourselves against the mighty demon hordes of the democratic-republic of internet. organic chemistry was kinda fun, mostly because i love chemistry and know everyone in the front couple rows who just instinctively sat in the same order again. in general physics, my professor is from holland, which is kind of weird. (see what i did there?) but after that, i have 10 minutes hopefully to get all the way across campus to the performing arts building for the biggest course i've ever taken, a communications one that likely 80+% of the students are taking just for credit.  then i bought 50 pounds of books for chemistry, an online code for the communications class, and just got the online thing for physics. chemistry!!!
i don't buy it that they couldn't make it exclusive at the volume they did.  two very good reasons, (1) it's much easier to make a run of something in volume, the cost would go down considerably when you're making a quarter-million copies.  (2)  they didn't turn it into a full deck until much much later.  by that point it was already obvious it was going to be a volume project. the fact is a number of people bought multiple copies because this was to be their only chance for the special stuff.  (make sure you have x-mas gifts, extra copies in case of damage, play-through, etc.)  with as few as you see on ebay (compared to the total) by far most people that got multiple copies weren't planning on selling them.  we ponied up ahead of time on a game we've never played to get extra copies of something that would never be sold again on the chance that we'd love it so much we'd play a copy all the way through.
i agree with you there eric. i don't think we're going to get a real answer. i just know, in my mind, if they had said that any extra stock would be sold after the campaign, i still would have pledged the same.
what classes?
also, how were your classes today?
@zem, even though i fully support the idea that it's overages they are selling on amazon, and when they are gone it will be more of a "regular" box and decks and not the ks stuff, i don't think we will be getting an official explanation  from the ek team on why the ks exclusive stuff is being sold to the public.
pete, i think that went out the door when they sold over 220,000 orders. the special stuff was supposed to stay special edition, but i think when they made a million decks overall, they realized it could stay. besides, it's their first expansion deck. i think it's a great idea to keep that; it'll be right alongside cards against humanity as a dorm-room favorite. however, they're also rearing to sell the ks-exclusive boxes, but i'm certain that's just to get rid of all else they over-produced and won't actually go on sale like the other decks. also, we think the decks went on sale just to put a dent in the people trying to sell their own boxes for a profit.
mario: they almost lost money as it is. they're standard quality cards, if you've ever used a standard poker deck before. actually, they're sturdier than bicycle cards.
@pete, i don't think we will be getting an answer for that.
@mario have you thought about getting some sleeves to protect your cards?
i see the nsfw deck is now on sale to non-backers. what did you mean by "kickstarter exclusive"?
i don't mean to be downer because i think the game is a lot of fun and the packaging is fantastic as well. however, the quality of the cards should be a lot better. some of my cards are already getting bent corners and even separating from the card backs. i really wished they spent some of the 8 plus million on better quality cards.
better get that phone into a program
sorry, misplaced my phone. or more closely, my phone ran away to drink again.
it's about an ideal place, like a mental getaway, but i'm not quite sure what inspired some of those lyrics, yeah. it's a great song though. first heard it in hot fuzz, one of my favorite movies of all time.
just how high do you have to be to come up with those lyrics
lz, https://www.youtube.com/watch… that's what i think more of, especially with him trying to change the fence laws or whatever.
oh definitely
the village people, now featuring the powers of tesla!!! i'd go see that show
new member maybe?
heheh...pot is going to meet the village people
hi pot! village meeting sounds boring af have fun! i'm sure to here
good lunch, zem!
hiya house arrest!  good to see you again!  i have to take off for a village board meeting in my prospective new village of residence.  i need to get a feel for these people if i'm going to run against some of them for election.  see ya'll later tonight.  keep yer heads down, the incoming fore is likely to get hot and heavy as backers find out about amazon.
good night, bakhan!
yeah you too bakhan!
yeah the best thing they can do is post an update and clear the air. right now a lot of angry people are making assumptions
welp its home time corps!  great "seeing" you again house arrest!
i'm pretty sure cellphones take after their owners so you might be describing yourself...
i like how i left for a 10 minute video and had to scroll half a page to read all i missed! what's gonna happen when i go for supper here soon? oh well, that should only be about 15 minutes or so total.
i like that idea of why it was released so early, though. i'm laughing hard at all the "buy this now or you'll hate yourself forever. normally it's $20, but for you, only $150!" decks.
my phone is pretty square as phones go. boring, anti-social, not many fun things you can do with it...
i think ek should post an update, specifically addressing this issue.  it won't stop the complainers, but it will reassure the majority of the backers.  best thing to do is get out in front of it.
nahidl: since this is moving really fast, i'll say it again: on the lower left hand corner of the cards it either says "first edition" or "nsfw".
could be, my phone has been known to be a bit of a lush
trinkets' phone is the biggest lush i've ever met
drinking, lots!
maybe? where has trinkets phone been?
@house arrest, has your phone been hanging out with trinkets phone again?
yes! i'm on the board!
they're/ were selling for a ridulous amount
you might be right rod
that's a good point. there's probably something to that.
i actually suspect that is the reason for ek selling it as quickly as they have.  not to make another fist full of cash, but to regulate the greedy bastards on ebay.
@nahidl, in faint writing on the lower left side of the cards it tells you.  either nsfw or 1st edition.
@bakhan, they deserve what they get. trying to profit off of others' hard work is a slimy thing to do.
yeah the sets listed at $150 on ebay are going to take a hit.
has anyone found an easy way to separate the nsfw deck from the original deck? i have tried to do it by reading the cards but i guess my nsfw filter is really low and i am having trouble splitting them up.
i remember seeing the same complaint about zombicide season 3 (that it was available for purchase before all the backers had theirs). now, i'm not saying those who haven't received theirs yet shouldn't be upset, because i know i would be at this time if i still had not received mine. but, folks also need to realize that the game has to go to market at some time if the company that makes it is going to survive. you will get what's coming to you. the fact that others can buy it now won't prevent that.
i think the only people who will be really pissed about the non-exclusivity thing would be those looking to resell on ebay, and such.  i do not fall into that catagory.
@ha, glad you got your kittehs at least!
hiya zem
man, both here and the forum have just been completely busy all day! well, since after noon here, but still, pretty eventful!
oh it's not that bad, at least i have my exploding kittens
i definitely wouldn't have changed my order at all. i love this game! and can't afford more than one of each deck...
wow, all that in 4 minutes? hi, house arrest! good to see ya.
i'd like to see a throne of kittens!
@house arrest, ouch! that doesn't sound so good... :(
oh how i've missed the comments section
bakahn, short answer? i'm alive
unless of course they made some sort of chair, or better yet a throne of kittens!
they had no way of knowing how the campaign was going to unfold. we can't expect them to sit on decks of cards.
@house arrest, how the heck are ya?
@kc, lolz!
you could buy the kickstarter "exclusive" sets on ebay weeks ago. anybody that's upset that they're forsale now should have seen this coming. nothing is truly exclusive in this day and age. sure they could have told us from the beginning that the same sets would be available to the general public for purchase later but how many of you can honestly say that would have changed your pledge? i know it wouldn't have changed mine.
just as predicted!!! i think we have a prophet in our midst.
wait, i just heard 'o fortuna' start playing out of thin air...
and so it begins........
so.. you can basically buy exploding kittens off amazon before the supporters get theirs off kickstarter.... *sigh*
no, they said near a million decks overall. that's definitely not rare. though i think they should absolutely only sell the over-production of special edition boxes, maybe for $100. that one is pretty important to the backers. the nsfw, though, should be paired with cards against humanity for a night of full, 18+ humor. i'm perfectly fine with that one being sold still.
arrived on island today.  thanks!!
exactly my point i made on the other site.  what, 220,000-300,000 special boxes and decks. not so exclusive.
when expectations went from 500 backers to nearly 220,000 of us, i think they threw away the book and are handling things as best as they can, while trying to stay as small as they can.
well, i'm glad i didn't stock up on "super rare" things now ... seeing as anyone can get them ... it something made in the half-million range could ever be considered "rare".
howdy, @gcod. and unlike the shipping questions we have been so diligently assisting backers on, there's not much we can do but agree with them and hopefully calm them down
yep, my reading of it is that the nsfw deck was supposed to be a ks exclusive, and while i understand why they are now selling them direct, it does highlight the fact that there are absolutely no legal definitions of limited edition or exclusive anymore. if it is mass produced, it will get sold in a mass market way. i personally am not worried, but as others have pointed out, there will be a shit-storm of complainers now.
@jose, support@explodingkittens.com send an email to the address. make your subject line very short and specific. explain your situation in the body if the email. they are getting up to 1000 emails a day. it may take 2 weeks or longer to get a response. or you might even get your cards without getting a responsive email.
hi i missed the survey due to issues with my email, how can i claim my reward?
@zem, i think i know what pot is referring to. i'll post it on the other site
pot hey, the one time i said anything even remotely similar, it was really vague and didn't reveal anything!
did you see the one star amazon review? i thought it was hilarious!
i'm back now, trinkets. just bought about 50 pounds of books for the only class that doesn't have it online. fun day.
dammit! out of popcorn. *grabs honey roasted peanuts and heads over to other board,
i'm out for a couple of hours.
i just posted to the club board.  please keep any discussion about it there. lookin' at you zem.
@tep: did you bring enough popcorn for the corp?...i want popcorn now.
*grabs popcorn*
why can't i type announcement all of a sudden?  i got it wrong twice. another reply from elan just hit.  he is aware of the campaign page quote.
just got a response, as per tep, the announce went out today, a public announce will be made at noon (i presume pst).  they wanted to give their mailing list folks time to get their orders in first. i sent him the quote i posted below from the main page, and warned him there is a tidal wave of discontent coming his way.  oh deary, dear.
also, kittens for creeper: http://9gag.com/gag/avxvorp
from the mail i just got: http://www.explodingkittens.com/buy sent via: gimme@explodingkittens.com via mail77.atl31.mcdlv.net i did sign up for them to let me know (@the exploding kittens website) when the game is available for general public release. funny about the nsfw edition, unless they meant that the surprise in the box was ks only.
let us know what elan says
okay...  looking back at the campaign page it does still say "the nsfw deck kickstarter exclusive" oh boy.....
i wonder why those didn't come up when i searched exploding kittens?  huh. as to the nsfw decks, they kinda hedged on it.  when it was a 20 card expansion pack it was kickstarter exclusive, when they expanded to a full deck that caveat went away. btw i've sent an email to elan asking if it is in fact them on amazon and warning them that there is likely to be a cascade of "very unhappy" emails from backers who have not received their decks.
could also be someone claiming to be the ek team selling off extras they bought.
yeah, probably
they probably ordered soooooooooo many decks that they need to get rid of them somehow.
hiya, @lz. yeah,  i was also under the impression that it was ks exclusive.  i'm guessing it was going to be, until the mother effer blew the heck up!!!
i wonder why the nsfw is on amazon. not that i really care; i just thought it was supposed to be ks exclusive. in all reality, i always hoped it wouldn't be.
voulez-vous du beurre?
@jisse, parlez vous exploding kittens!!!
well, kiss my grits! it sure has gone quiet. i waneed to talk shop with zem about shucking and detasseling corn. looks like the lad is to busy with his learning
forgot the link http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b010tqy7a8/ref=mp_s_a_1_14…
i also found the regular deck by ekllc.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b010tu7lp2/ref=mp_s_a_1_12…
yay! it's mine!! miiiiiiine!!! thank you guys! just got it here in paris, france! thanx a bunch!!!
g' morning troops. i just looked on amazon the only ek i saw for sale there is being sold by someone/something called averia entertainment and when i looked they only had three copies available.  i'm guessing it's a backer who ordered a bunch of copies and is trying to sell them at a huge mark up ($138.95 plus $5.15 shipping?)to make a buck.  although it says ad magic in the description am ain't selling these, i don't see exploding kittens, llc anywhere on there.
oh, my life is still so incomplete without the kittens i want to explode. my university starts next week and i hope i will receive them before then, all the way over here in the netherlands
ok, i can spend another few seconds here. to keep it short, that all sounds interesting.  i have about 40 minutes to eat before i go to my physics class, and then i have 10 minutes (hopefully) after that to make it all the way across campus for a communications class i'm taking for credit. probably should go now, bye!
@zem, hi, bye!
i also just started my second juice fast!  on the first one i lost 50lbs in 30 days, this time is only for 21 days, but i'm hoping to lose another 20lbs.  i'm pretty sure i can do it!
hi sorry too busy to stop and chat have a good day bye!
@trinkets, good morning sir!  i've won over half the games i've played, and for the most part been taking it easy on them, even giving out the attack cards when asked for a favour, just to make it interesting.  played a five player on friday night, was awesome!  definitely more fun with more people!  i find i like to hang back and just draw 'n' go until it starts to heat up, and then i keep the pressure on!  my favorite thing to do is, play a see the future card, show a huge wide eye'd tell, then put the cards back down and anxiously look at the next person.  watch 'em squirm!  lolz!
@bakhan,  it is being sold by exploding kittens llc.
good morning all! sorry, bakhan, my phone has a habit of dragging others into its drunkenness. snow, huh. it's been cooler here in wisconsin, but nowhere near that. it is the first time i remember wearing hooded sweatshirts in august, though. played some more ek friday night. still haven't won a game, but at least we had some early attacks played, so the game wasn't a draw, go, draw, go,etc... it does help that one if our regulars is very confrontational in all games. i think that's why he doesn't like caverna, stone age, alien frontiers, nations and most worker placement games. if he can't roll a dice and kill something in a game, he doesn't like it.
@collar stay, crazy!  i can't find the normal edition, but the nsfw is there!  must be people selling off their personal copies?  i was under the impression that the nsfw was ks exclusive?
i also think snow is overrated. they're predicting little snow here this winter. as long as we get enough in the mountains, i'm okay with that
now on sale on amazon.
@gm, much warmer today thanks!
morning kitties. how is everything this monday morning?
@lz, some areas did get a fair amount of snow accumulation, mostly at the higher elevations.  10+ inches in the mountains.  looks like and early season for the ski / snowboard crowd.  personally, i find snow is way over rated.  i am so glad i have remote start for my suv.  did i mention that i hate the cold?  it was down to 34f on friday night.  back up to mid 70's today.  typical calgary weather.
bakhan, no. i saw a report that you guys got snow, so i wanted to ask about the report's accuracy. it made it sound like you got a bunch. from your comment, it sounds like the report was overblown.
@iman, huzzah! congrats, sorry about the damages though.  still, you are about to have so much fun!
singapore (24 august): received mine! magnetic box is torn at the bottom though - sigh, rough handling, customs inspection? who knows. but the surprise was... surprising! love it. going to unwrap the cards and play a round or two or three or four with my friends tomorrow.
good morning corps!
hmmm... it seems my phone may have been hanging out with trinkets phone...
@mustafa, huzzah! congrats!
@lz, you guys got snow?  on friday it was bloody cold for this time of year. i saw chunks of snow falling, but it didn't stick. keeps kinda bs because it was not a great birthday gift. way too early for that stuff!
delivered here in lebanon this morning. the only place on planet earth were there's no paypal. enjoy what's left of summer kitties..
tim, we've likely responded, even though we're just enthusiasts, not paid workers. what's your problem specifically? contact explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool for delivery issues, or if it was shipped already but never delivered, contact usps; the email in the next sentence will reimburse any shipping fees. contact support@explodingkittens.com for any other issues you may have.  remember: they only have 3 people answering near 1,000 emails a day, so a 10-14ish day wait is normal. after that, make sure you didn't accidentally get the address wrong and possibly send another email to make sure it got through, but please be patient.
sigh.  still no response from support via email, no replies to messages here after three weeks, this is utter bs :(
i'll take some snow. a bit early in the year, but i love a good snow!
where are gm and bakhan? i want to talk to them about the snow
speaking of surveys. i was getting nervous about the lack of a pledge manager from another campaign i backed. i checked the comments. it hasn't been sent yet, so we're still good.
those are the kind of people who won't call in for support either, and almost certainly won't check on here. i used to be kind of like that, but more like i would've been in the last wave of people. i like not having all the questions to answer, but the silence is deafening.
the latest update seems to have quelled the questioning somewhat, zem.  i think we may be past the worst of it.  of course at some point this round of shipping will conclude and there will be thousands of people out there who don't get their packages.  then there will be another rush of discontent (probably from the 1000 or so who didn't return a survey. [yes, i was told there were about a thousand backers who never sent in a survey, or attempted contact in any way]).  so keep an eye out.  i wonder if everything will get sorted out before the weather turns?
that's too bad, but i think the boxes are worth it. wow, nothing all day. i didn't miss anything by going to help move a couch here and there being no possible way to get it out of their basement, so we went to get ice-cream.
such a shame i bought seven games to give as gifts. i had no idea they would package them like they did a plain box or envelope would of been fine now everyone knows what came in the mail. surprise shot to hell
@eisabess zem is correct (nicely explained zem).  however you can institute any house rules you like (the creative team encourages house rules).  for instance, in my house if you pull a exploding kitten and diffuse you take a shot. if you explode you chug a beer (or take two shots).
eiabess:  a) if the player has a defuse, they put the kitten back in the deck, ending that turn. then they draw again for the second turn of the attack card. if they don't have a defuse, they explode and are out and the second turn is moot. b) same. the rules for kittens are always as stated above. it's the end of your turn, you draw a card, and it happens to be a kitten. if you have a defuse, put the kitten back in the deck and discard your spent defuse. if you don't, you're out of the game. "last drawn card" means the card you just drew from the deck, not after 2 turns. each turn with an attack is separate and treated as if it were just one normal turn, so if you draw it on the first one, you don't discard the next one drawn, you deal with the kitten as per usual methods.
[question for all who have played] hello fellow backers, i have something to clarify regarding the following scenario. given that player x plays an attack card for whatever reason, and player y complies and draws the next two cards from the deck, then what happens when: (a) the first drawn card is an exploding kitten? (b) the second drawn card is an exploding kitten? this question has surfaced amongst my friends and me because it is explicitly written on the defuse card that the last drawn card must be returned to the deck, but we have differing views on what that constitutes. thanks guys in advance!
time for bed after the most boring day this entire year.
hoopla!!! something happened today of all days!
huzzah lela!
got my decks today!!!  can't wait to grab the family by the hair and force them to have "family game night"!!  i love the surprise in the box, and am sure everyone will! thanks so much guys and congrats!
i had pizza. really the highlight of the day. wish i'd slept in longer than noon.
i'm cooking dinner.  not much going on here.  just a relaxing saturday evening.
so... anybody have anything fun going on?
hiya zem. @jonathan. best of luck.
hello pot!
thanks for the reply guys. i originally sent to explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool  but have now also tried the other address. i never even received a dispatch email so i don't know if it was even ever sent. i'll leave it be for now and see what transpires. cheers for taking the time to let me know the situation.
jonathan, a long wait is typical, usually 10-15 days, but about this long by now, i'd send another one. something might've happened to it or you didn't send it to the right address by accident. explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool for delivery issues or otherwise support@explodingkittens.com . thanks for being patient at least!
hi jonathan baddeley. do you know what address you sent it to?  if it wasn't support@explodingkittens.com they probably have not and will not get it for some time.  if you did send it to the support address then they will get to it as soon as they can work their way to it.  there are three people answering emails, they about 1000 per day, it takes between 10 and 30 minutes to reolve each persons issue.  i'm sure you can do the math. if you haven't gotten your shipping email...  they are still shipping so that could be why. if your package was delivered but you haven't seen it you should start a trace with the delivering agency (usps in the united states) if there is some other issue, email the support address and try to be patient, they are up to their backsides in email.
::waves:: hey, anybody at the ek team actually replying to problem emails? i sent mine 17 days ago and no response. still on ek here in london, uk :-(
hazzuh! i know, right? ii came here and my brother was reading. reading!!! and my parents are like 3 hours late coming home because they didn't want to have to return to this boring pit of despair.
huzzah!
yay!!!!!  #explodingkittens make it to brooklyn!!
nothing. without you, their lives are so incomplete, they curl into balls of uselessness until you return
eugh, i feel sorry for you. well, i think it's about time to visit home. i've been gone for a whole day, i don't know what they do without me!
yeah. i just mowed the lawn. that's how bored i am
it's so slow and empty in here today. i'm really bored.
morning is relative
good 1:40pm-which-isn't-technically-morning-unless-you're-me.
good morning, zem
wow, like nothing here! i guess i won't miss anything going home, even though i'll bring my laptop with me.
good after-morning, everyone!
my ears are still ringing. good times!
i hurt
woohoo! after a weird stretch of 5 weeks of no fishing, i get to finally go again!! not that anyone is around to read this, lol
http://9gag.com/gag/aap0y3o cuteness overflowing.....
good night! i should go too. but i wont. playing cah online. and one of my favorite songs just came on my pandora.
i'm pretty sure i got a gnarly contact high. my brain is screaming at me to let it sleep. i better do that. night, all!
jesse: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
sounds more awesome than my night.
hey guys i haven't got any news from ek in terms of delivery, i live in australia, any suggestions?
oh man! $35 for five hours of heavy metal = one killer deal! my head feels funny now...
siiileeennt niiighht...
well enjoy the concert! sounds amazing.
yeah! it was supposed to start at 7
a concert? that's never happened! in all of history!
hot damn! it's starting an hour early!
whoa, suddenly there's stuff? slipknot has some pretty good songs, i kinda like them.
salt lake is actually a big rock city.
whoa!  just went to slipknots official website.  that is not what i think of when i think utah and music. what a lovely bunch of young men.....
ok, will do
well.  you kids have fun with your rocking and your rolling.  try not to hurt yourselves.  stretch first before you pull something you'll need later.
no idea. i don't pay much attention to concerts outside of my area
i think bullet has been around for about 10 years
did any of them play at that lollypop loser concert in chicago?
slipknot and lamb of god have been around for a while. the other two are newer
okay. i'm old.   i think i've heard of slipknot, maybe not....  i dunno.   i'm gonna go brush my dentures and go to bed now.....  cripes i'm out of it
motionless in white (never heard of them), bullet for my valentine, lamb of god, and slipknot
who's playing?
@gm.  i don't know anyone who works that doesn't have at least a checking account somewhere.  it might be at a credit union, but they all have one.  some of my in-laws have never had two nickels more than the absolute least they could get by on, so they've never had any other kind of account.  why?
hi, pot! i'm sitting here, waiting for the concert to start
hello again everyone.  it seems to be a pretty quiet day all around.  that's good.  i've been running like mad for the last five hours.
and now i wait...
not to be confused with scour or score.
scoor is a good word. now to scoor means to shirk or avoid.
avoid bank fees. damn autocorrect!
i use a credit union to scoor banking fees. i was once dropping the money bag off at the bank my employer used when i heard the person next to me getting the run-down on why a snickers bar cost more than $50
... no? i don't know many people with any money at all who avoid banks. well, one of the richest people i know doesn't trust them and keeps his money as gold in a vault, which i think is more risky than any bank, but he's the exception. he's also one of the richest people in switzerland, so i think he's entitled to some eccentricities if that's all it is, or distrust, which makes more sense.
are banking fees seriously so outrageous in the states that a lot of people refuse to get a bank account?
way to take one for the team, trinkets!
i guess that makes me the workaholic for today.
*and 2 hours. thought i had an and there.
i've done the least. after eating breakfast (lunch) 2 hours of sitting at my computer, i decided to do something with my life and went to buy books. then saw the line and realized i won't lose any brownie points or anything if i get the books monday, so i got a coffee. then i actually did do something and unpacked a box. yippee for productivity! you can barely blame me. it took over an hour last night just to loft one of the beds so they're bunked. these beds are so not worth messing with.
i've done less work than that. it's kind of a party day with the management change
those bastards probably ate it on me, just like the cupcakes creeper sent a while ago. also, is this day over yet? i have literally done 2hours of work, stretched over the past 6-ish hours. the rest spent on ks, or searching condos.
it got held up in customs, sorry
@lz: and where is my sample? it can't be a hit if i didn't get to try some!
@lz, huzzah!
well, the cheesecake was a hit
i've got a fender chorus classic 212, that thing has balls for days!  i've also got a fender bassman w/600w, 1 15" speaker, that'll make your trousers flap!  i guess i don't mind thier amps at all actually.  marshalls are great, as long as you can play loud, they don't get their full (awesome) sound until they are over half driven (5+).  my main bass rig is a gk fusion 1100 running a 4x10 cab.
tep haha, it's like dawn of the dead or something!
i have a marshall. it's a good amp.
never tried their amps,  i have a small peavy. works fine for me. good afternoon,  zem
http://9gag.com/gag/aznrodw
i agree about the fender thing. their amps suck, too
good morning! wait, noon? good noon!
@modokameg,  glad you are having as much fun with it as we all are!!
just a thing : this is really really funny ! exploding kitten is my best card game for now
@trinkets, yeah i've never played a fender guitar (or bass) that i liked.  2x4, yep, everyone.  except maybe a telecaster, but then, i don't play country music, so... yep, still no.
@trinkets, is too many guitars even a thing? if so, i may be in trouble... lolz!
i also have a strat. and it's neck feels like a 2x4 compared to the bich.  i bet you could fit 24 strings on it, lol.
@trinkets, thats what was awesome about the tombstone version, it had a thin neck, same thickness as a regular 6 string, it was actually very easy to play.  but then, playing in drop c wasn't all that hard tbh.
yeah, my phone's been getting into moonshinin'. yes, the w stands for warlock, but it's not custom. they frequently have a red w on them. i like the uniqueness of the green w
@bakhan, 7 stringer, awesome. i don't have long enough fingers for those, lol. that's why i love my bich. the neck on it is so thin and skinny, it's dangerous, lol.
drunk phone again.  looks like your phone had some drinking problems recently, lz. some really strange autocorrect happening for you the last few days.
yep, that price is right for sure!  my coolest metal guitar was a gibson tombstone 7 string flying v, bad ass!  sold a few years ago though, just wasn't playing that style enough and i needed a new bass, so, it had to go.
http://davesguitar.com/ this is our local guitar shop. it's kind of a big deal. his personal collections is insane!! he's always selling and trading with bug time artists. if you need anything. he's the guy who can get it.
what's the green w stand for, warlock? or is it custom?  either way, you got a nice deal, lz.
or a nice les paul custom in sparkle purple would be nice too. although,  i would like an american made neck-through bich. gawd,  i want too many guitars.
our local guitar shop had a beautiful es-335(it's been quite a few years so i cant recall if it was a 335 or a 333) in sparkle purple. it was awesome. still want it sooooo much.
and obviously, mine is black. with a w made of green flames on the body
nice. mine has a widowmaker head. it's in the bronze series, so it's kind of a mid-grade guitar. but hey, i got a $400 guitar for $100 through a nice combination of sales, trade-in, and bad math on the trade-in
mine has regular headstock. it's an early 80's model. i have the classic script, not the cursive script.  and it's black, of course. https://reverb-res.cloudinary.com/image/upload/a_exif,c_limit,fl_progressive,h_620,q_85,w_620/v1410787694/a9hm1w1q4a2rfkzfcjek.jpg
nice! i don't understand the hate. it's a great heavy metal guitar
@trinkets, thanks! good to see you!
with the widow maker head stock or regular?  the way i see it, if thats the look you're going for, then go all the way with the widow maker, not only that but the name is bad ass!  nothing wrong with bc rich in general. i just prefer gibson, for sound, string action, and all around versatility.
happy birthday, bakhan!! no hate for that here, @lz,  i play a bc rich bich.
i get a lot of hate for this, but i'm partial to the bc rich warlock
@lz, sweet!  got lots of those, i even have a toni iommi signature series sg... whats your favourite type of guitar?
that's fine, i play guitar, not drums
@lz, if you ever make it to calgary, let me know, and we'll make it happen! i've got extra everything, except drum kits, only one of them... ;)
@lz, it always is! i'm actually pretty excited about it! its been a while since i've had some of these folks over so it should be a blast.
i miss jammin
damn autocorrect! that sounds like a good jam session
that sounds pol's good jam session
@gm, more like, led zepplin, blue oyster cult, pat benatar, judas priest, our own stuff, you know... ;)
@bakhan: strawberry, blueberry, mixed berry? don't leave us in suspense. :p
@gm, fair enough!  i had thought about making a cake, but meh.  i am having a bunch of friends over for a night of jammin' so, i'm sure i won't be thinking about cake, or much of anything else by the end of the night! ;)
@bakhan: well, in my family, whoever's birthday it is usually has the party held at their place, so they end up supplying the cake...so in my defense....not my fault.
@lz, congrats!  that would be an awesome concert!  i saw slipknot (with opening acts soulfly and slayer) about 10 years ago, so good!
thanks everyone! @gm, i thought other people were supposed to give you cake for your birthday, not the other way around!  so i'll flip the script, where's mah cake?!?
exciting day. old manager's last day. then, i get to go see bullet for my valentine and slipknot
oh, and happy birthday bakhan. :p
morning kittens. @bakhan: where's the cake you're supposed to share with all the corp members? courier delivered creeper made cup cakes are acceptable.
hi kittens! happy birthday bahkan! and now for some kitteny rules: http://9gag.com/gag/aq2k9py…
happy birthday, bakhan!
good morning corps! its my birthday!
good morning all.  i  am determined to be less pissy and crotchety today.
good morning to all!
holy cow it was a busy day! is this how you treat me for having to move in? i miss summer already.
sorry i wasn't here all day. i went to move in, then the internet didn't work for me so i couldn't drop in. i'll try to be here tomorrow,  but basically, all moved in now! just like 3 boxes to unpack now.
terre - they're just sorting through thousands of e-mails.  they are determined to make sure everyone has received their game!  if you've already e-mailed support@explodingkittens.com they will get to you.  if it's been more than two weeks since you e-mailed, try again.  just have a clear subject line, and provide succinct details to ensure the fastest response, and try not to flood with too many emails - it just slows the process down.  they have a very small team working on it! i know it's tough when you've bought this as a gift!  but hopefully you'll get yours soon!
well i get answers.. just don't like looking like bad mommy when i purchased this as a gift for my son (whom26) and all he got was a print out of look who getting what they said looked like the coolest card game ever ...
indeed
@lz, yep! that's awesome! he's got cred for sure!
no, bakhan, you're not too late. did you see what i said about ucsa a few comments ago?
am i too late to add a huzzah!? if not then huzzah! if so then please rescind the two previous unauthorized huzzahs (and that one too!).
i think it turned out well. won't know for sure until tomorrow
how did the cheesecake turn out,  lz?
huzzah!
huzzah!
huzzah eric!
fear not people!  i just got my copies and they are amazing!  i got no shipping info or responses to my emails to support.  but fear not, they are on the way.
man it was quiet in here! just checking in.
so it turns out that the sabre instructor in my fencing class is also involved with ucsa
agreed, gm.  i think not too many people knew what rfid was.  surprised to see it as third. :(. but if i get caught in the rain, nice to know phone will be safe.
well, kind of disappointed with that other projects new stretch goal...water resistant iphone pocket instead of a rfid passport pocket? come on, i would say protecting your identity is more important that protecting a phone.
except wieg desserts. i'm stuck with stainless for those
for now, i'll make due with my cast iron
copper pans would be nice
i want copper pans.  :(
me too.  i pulled something in my back weeks ago and keep re-injuring it, and this weekend i over stressed my left (still oem) knee and it has gotten so bad i am reduced to hobbling about on crutches. ah well, just another brick in the wall.
@pot, i'm sorry to hear that man!  i hope you feel better soon!
you are right of course.  i guess i'm just having a particularly snippy day.  i'm in pain.
@pot, honestly, i don't see any need to egg him on.  he's frustrated because he doesn't have his stuff yet, and so is lashing out at anyone he can.  thats all, typical 5 year old behaviour is all.  i would respond to it the same way i would a 5 year old.  look, say nothing and slowly shake my head.
hmmph.  it's been nearly an hour since we heard from roger.  what do you think?  common troll?  greedy, impatient, entitled jerk? or illiterate entitled jerk?
@creeper.  fruit really isn't my thing either.  brandy on the other hand....
definitely will be, i just know that the outsides of them are definitely copper(they are all packed in a box in the basement right now).
both are available bakhan.  copper bottom is different from a copper pan though.  copper pans are great because they heat incredibly evenly which makes it easier to maintain whatever heat you wish.  copper bottom is good, and what i use, because i couldn't afford a set of steel lined copper pans.  : )
my recollection is that you need to be careful what you cook in unlined pans.  acidic foods (like tomatoes) shouldn't be cooked in unlined copper because the acid actually dissolves a bit of the copper and can cause serious problems.  research it if your pans are unlined.
i thought that they were normally stainless steel with copper bottoms?  the copper of course to help spread the heat evenly.  mine are stainless with aluminium core bottoms, same deal, less expensive, even then the set was $700.00 money well spent though, bought them 11 years ago, still in fantastic shape!
@pot: good question, i will have to double check when i get home, but don't think all of them are.
@gm. may i presume these are tin lined copper?
will do.  i put up 5 pints of red cherries and 5 of rainier starting at the end of june.  they are just now becoming fully saturated.  i do enjoy experimenting with desserts.
@bakhan: that's only a thought in the back of my mind right now(i do want to move out of my parents house sometime soon...).
@pot: i need to find a recipe for something to use my new copper pots and pans(they were my grandma and grandpa's, but my grandma is moving into a seniors home, and they became mine) for christmas time. might do crepes like gramps did for so many years...but with my own twist.
@gm, you're buying a condo, you can't afford to eat, or even think about it! ;)
best of luck to you!  haven't done brandied cherries before.  i usually avoid fruit (just cause it's not my thing).  but now i'm starting to use it more with this job.  let me know how the second round is.
....creeper stop making me hungry. d:
i'm working on a recipe for a brandied cherry bread pudding with a brandied cherry sauce.  the first round wasn't what i wanted.  i need to try again, probably this weekend.
@creeper, hows things in the wild world of pastry?
hello bakhan!
@creeper, good afternoon m'lady!
good.  making a red wine sauce for a vanilla almond cake.  avoiding the outside.  dealing with an influx of kitties... will post a photo later on the forum.  and i ate an entire box of trader joe's cheese sticks, but in my defense, there really aren't that many in a box.
hiya creeper!  how's every little thing?
i saw you on another project, gm!  i'm actually worried they could overtake ek.... doubtful, but they've got awhile to go and they're quite popular.
@tep   his tiny squishbeans!!!
hi kittens.  how are you this evening/afternoon?
yeah, you're right bakhan, that is pretty good.  we should do something with that.
i do like the ek team defenders though, i keep hearing it like a saturday morning cartoon from the late 70's early 80's...
i suppose i could legitimately be called an ek team apologist.  although i believe 90% of the help being offered here would not be necessary if backers would read and attempt to understand the information provided in the updates and by us.  the other 10% comes down to greedy, impatient, entitled jerks who seem to get off on waltzing in here and trying to stir up a row. which are you roger?
@roger, i have yet to see anyone "blame" other backers for not getting their decks.  i certainly don't and we have all been trying to help people with the proper ways to get the help that they need.  i'm sorry you feel that blame was put on you.
@roger: we're not blaming the customers for not getting their rewards(unless you failed to fill in the survey, or if - when given ample time to do so - didn't change your address, those are the only things where it could potentially be 100% the customers fault). we, the kitten corp, have actually been doing our best to help people, but then there are people who ignore the fact that if they send more than one email, it will bog down the system even more since the ek team only has three(3) people handling emails, and getting thousands(1000+) daily(every 24hours). i don't know the number of people from black box that are working on it, but they have their own team. so before saying we are the ones who are blaming the customer, might want to step back, take a deep breath, look at the number of people who backed this, the amount of money raised, and then if you sent an email within the last 2-3 days, wait another 11-12 days before sending another.
i'm sorry roger.  are you having difficulty getting your decks or are you just a common troll?
powers of tesla - "tell me what you think...." think i'm getting tired of ek team defenders blaming the customer for not getting their product.
@pot, how about if you tape those bundles of pennies to 219 382 rats, and let them go in the house, then try to find the pennies?
@pot,  don't forget that you planned on doing that with only 500 pennies to begin with.
@pot: sounds good to me, though people might still not understand. depends on how everyone's brain is wired i guess. also, that site with the condo, if you click search, you can see all the different ones that are currently for sale/rent anywhere in the city/area.
i've been trying to think of a way to describe the difficulty the creative team is having with fulfillment.  tell me what you think.... imagine the following scenario.  you have 460,000 pennies (the number of decks required to fulfill the ks campaign)  you must first tape them together in to 219,382 discrete bundles (the number of individual backers), some just a single penny, most just two pennies, some four pennies,up to as many as say, thirty pennies bundled together.  now, walk through a totally blacked out, fully furnished 2500 sq. ft. house and throw the bundles in all directions, remember, no peeking.  now turn on the lights and find every single penny.  some of those bundles are likely to fall apart.  oh and while you're doing that, you have to answer a text message every fifteen seconds, something simple, like a basic math problem.  what is 2 x 3?  what is 2034 - 678.  basic stuff.  every fifth text is an abusive message asking why you aren't done yet. what do you think?
@pot, thats no where close to the top end, calgary is a crazy expensive place to live.
@gm, doesn't look too bad!  bridgeland is nice, is no varsity estates, mind you, but its nice ;)
holy crap!  $514 a square foot!?!?  calgary must be booming.  i think i could spend less for a place in the gold coast of chicago.
@bakhan: bridgeland, starting from just shy of $230k. the one i was looking at hopefully saving up for and getting into, is just shy of $400k. this is the one i'm looking at(plan 2 mostly). https://www.buzzbuzzhome.com/steps-bridgeland/units/condos/2-bedroom-flat
@gm, depends on where they are... ;)
no, that's fine
is it bad i spent most of my day so far looking at condos? >.>
and i'm back. doesn't look like i missed anything
for creeper! a baby wigglefloof! http://9gag.com/gag/a3lzpm8
no offense taken bakhan
actually i should say i was rated proficient and expert, it has been some years.  i'm probably down to novice in almost everything by now.
@pot, wasn't trying to be offensive, sorry if i came off that way.  impressive array of weaponry expertise! good for you!
@bakhan: yeah, it depends on the other costs for gas/utilities/etc(post secondary, healthcare, and childcare are free supposedly). so, depending on the rest of your expenses it could(like 2% chance) be a livable wage, but don't think it's a good model for north america, at least not now.
@pot, i don't doubt that they do train hard, or that many have formal training. i was saying that my fencing instructor had told me that his impression was that the local chapter lacked formal training; and that they just figured things out for themselves. that being said, he did say that with what they have, they'd certainly best anyone with no training at all.
the sca is not all flair and showmanship.  i was active for about ten years, those people (men and women) train hard and play hard. the martial arts school i attended placed an emphasis on weapons training for advanced students (i trained there for 22 years)  weapons i  have studied include, knife, short sword, long sword, broad sword, katana, and foil.  also naginata, short and long spear.  nunchuku, kama, kasuri-gama, yawara, short stick, baton, long stick , quarter staff, and three section staff, also tonfa.  crossbow, long (straight) bow, recurve bow, and compound bow.  revolver, several different automatic handguns, rifles of various types, and shotgun.  i completed close quarters combat training in 1990. i am rated novice in many, proficient at most and expert in five.  i'll let you figure out which is which.
that's right we do! i would be proud to be the sgt at arms for the kc! @gm, i don't think that sounds like a liveable wage
@gm, crazy, but then, who knows what the cost of living there is?  with that much income tax, i would think you're not paying for much other than personal expenses, rent, food, gas, etc.
@lz, anytime!  we do need a sergeant at arms for the kc!
has anyone seen that info-graph about denmark making $20/hr minimum wage, with 33-hour work weeks? i just did the calculations, and the amount you are taking home, based on the 2015 personal income tax rates(55.6% in denmark currently), is $8.88/hr, or $293/week. does that really seem like something that most people could live on? even with subsidized housing and such?
thanks for pointing me at the ucsa, i'm definitely going to look into that
@lz, exactly, its like telling them a little story, leading them down the garden path... then showing them the error of their ways, on their body!
that's what i thought. it makes perfect sense. you have to be able to penetrate defenses while not leaving yourself vulnerable. that usually means you have to be able to trick your opponent while being able to read them well enough to identify a feint and behave accordingly
@lz, same holds true with any type of sword play, there is a place for brute force, but typically it comes at the end when your opponent is basically done anyways.  think like kick boxing, you don't throw the giant roundhouse kick until you've rocked him with a few solid jabs first.  you are way more likely to get yourself killed by going for the big strike and not being able to recover fast enough.  again, the more you swing that sword around the more you will fatigue, it can get to the point where its hard to hang onto, grip strength etc.  thats why i prefer a hand and a half sword, light enough for one hand, but enough room for two when it gets down to it.
1 on 1 chess...der! i meant one piece chess, where you are the piece. i'm just...i'm just going to shut up now...
pool and 1 on 1 chess. you have to out think your opponent, rather than using brute force. at least in fencing
@trinkets, its actually more like pool (in my head anyways).  when you take your shot, you want to make sure that your leave, doesn't open you up to your opponent.
ok.  those guys sound more like the theatrical type, more about flair and excitement, than following true form and function.  proper sword fighting actually combines many different disciplines, including grappling.  hey, its a real fight right?  sometimes you lose your sword, etc.  anyways, its good times, i recommend it, the skills are very transferable.  some of your fencing skill will translate as well, foot work, ballance, etc.
ok, here's all you need to know. hit them with the sharp end, and don't get hit yourself. (i know it's waaaaayyy more than that, but it's fun to take it to that level.)
no, i meant the sca: the society for creative anachronisms. they're a group of medieval enthusiasts. they'll get together and have tourneys in full armor with swords and stuff. my instructor said he watched the rapier duels at a meet once and decided that anyone with any formal training could take first with no problem. the ucsa looks legit, though
@lz, did you mean these guys? http://theucsa.com/about-us/ if so, they are a part of the hema alliance, which would give you as much legitamcy as you can get really.  they use the original training manuals from the middle ages, so, if i were you i would check it out.  looks like they offer the first 4 classes for free?  sounds like the right price to me!  mine was $20 a week.
i live in the greater salt lake area, utah. i'm sure it's available. i know there are people in the local sca chapter who would be willing to "teach" me, but my fencing instructor advised against that. he said it's been his experience that none of them have any formal training
@lz, i can't remember where you live, but if its offered in calgary, i'm sure its offered in a town near you!  get ready for sore shoulders and arms!  if its like what i did, half the time you have a "sword", really just a heavy piece of pipe with a hilt on it, the other half you're holding a shield.  both will take the piss right out of you after an hour or so at first.  great stress relief!
my fencing instructor said he learned longsword and broadsword. maybe i could ask him...
yessssssssssss in singapore!
@gm, check this out: http://www.swordacademy.com/ there are actually quite a few.  i tried my hand at fencing, and pulled every muscle in my groin, seriously, ouch!  then tried "western martial arts", much more fun and true to my scottish roots, eh?  lets just say, i don't have a gun, but anyone trying to break into my house will have to deal with a yard of steel!  i have many swords in my collection (only three that i would ever actually use for more than decoration) and quite a few other hand to hand weapons.  my favourite is my double headed battle axe.
oh, i have a hand-made recurve bow. it's technically my uncle's, but he sort of gave it to me...kind of
so, i'm a bad mountain. i got distracted, and didn't even look for my login info for the kc hangout. i would love to learn to use a sword, spear, lance, and bow(and not the same ones that school kids use, but real ones)...all properly of course.
i'd like to learn other sword forms, but i don't know where to go for that
en garde!
i fenced in high school, and learned sword in my 20's.  when my knees are both functional again i'd like tog et back in to that.  a friend of mine works with a sword school in chicago.
uh oh, i stole number 93,000.  now zem is gonna be all pouty.
'sup?
yeah, it's a great sport
yesssss!!!!!!
@trinkets, i mean fencing as in with foils, epees, and sabres.
lord zombitten about 9 hours ago i also have to go to bed now so i can go to work early so i can get off early so i can make a cheesecake before fencing @lz,  if you mean fencing like us country folk might think you do,  your comment is average. if you mean fencing like as in, foils, sabres and épées, you comment is awesome!!!!
last comment about 5 hours ago? just like the good ol' days. at least it's not all "why no one answer my 10,000,048 emails about my cardz!!!!!!! " looks like for the most part, that's done.
morning creeper! morning kittens!
also you've made me nostalgic for the good ole days with your statistics and numbery posts.   and yes- glad to have zem here to help people since i am no longer able to be online as much!
my darling tep- i always manage to catch your posts.  the kittens are so adorable!  must train backyard kitties to be cute.
holy cow, i went back to see when i put my first reply to the plan and apparently i read from about 9:50 to about 11:00! that plan took up more than an entire hour of my time! granted i also made notes on it, which added alot of time.
good night now! today was totally worth it, except for in real life because i had so much work to do.
pot, holy hell that was a hell of a read! read my response to your forum posting! i read the entire plan, which used up my night time for watching videos and playing games while everyone is asleep, but it was worth it!
or a grey jedi zabrak
i almost always want to be some other creature; one with magical abilities. it could be fun to be a gnome, for example.
hiya trinkets. on a whim i just went back to look at the comments section of every update since the beginning of the campaign. i found complaints and questions with august dates in updates #2, 16, 17, 24, 25, 26, 27, and of course the latest, 28. really people?  do you really think the crew is going back to old updates to see what you're saying today?  they aren't even checking here regularly. people...  some days i want to be some other kind of creature.  ::: sigh :::
i also have to go to bed now so i can go to work early so i can get off early so i can make a cheesecake before fencing
hello, trinkets. just got back on and will continue to do so for some time, though i should really go to bed a bit earlier tonight and may end up doing so.
wow! i don't get on until now, and you guys have been busy in here.
@nadia hicks have you attempted getting in touch with the agency which claims they delivered your package to start a trace?  you might be bale to resolve this yourself before the team answers your email.
@nadia hicks do not expect a reply within days, it is far more likely to be between a week and two weeks.  the support team is not checking any incoming mail boxes other than support@explodingkittens.com and the blackbox email.  the ek team are being inundated by emails right now to the tune of about a thousand a day.  they are answering them in the order they are received and i am told each email is taking between 10 and 30 minutes to resolve the originators issue.  they are getting your email.  they are responding to your email.  please do not send more email about the same problem for at least two weeks.
lord zombitten thanks for the support link. hopefully i'll hear back from them soon. i did message elan, black box and matthew personally and have not heard anything. even the kickdstarter support email sent me a very generic reply that didn't solve anything, let's hope that i can get my box soon.
at least for once i was here during the fun time when everyone is here, and during an especially fun, funny, heartwarming, and special day too! speaking of which, where is derp?!
finally nearly done with stuff. it feels like fall here! but it will become warm again in a couple days.
night tep. maybe tomorrow you will see a comment in the kc hangout with my ideas...if i end up finding the login info and not getting distracted first.
see ya, tep! been  a good day here so far.
night all! see you tomorrow!
pot, i caught up with the forum. and i created a new post. "working title(s): the lore of the 'core / the book of kittens"
@tep.  understand what now?
see that sounds like a bad teacher to me
ah dang, that was a long lunch break, but i have to get back to it. several things on top of getting all my stuff together to move out tomorrow, so i guess i should start on it all again now. see you all later!
that's why it's called riddle "hour" instead of "riddle hour". ::::] <=== spider smiley i had a class (quantitative chemical analysis, as fun as it sounds, basically statistics) where the average test score was like 60-75 out of 150 every time.
also, it was fully funded before my pledge was complete. there were almost no pledges before i started mine
yeah, i think most people who have "bad" science teachers just aren't interested in science. i love science, though. i've had two bad science teachers. one was in high school. he was in charge of zoology and wildlife biology, but i knew more about biology than he did (example: he insisted that a codon consisted of four base pairs), and my bio-chem professor. he was dreadfully boring, and didn't explain much. the average exam score in his class was 46-58. if your average score is that low, you as a teacher are doing something wrong
the riddle "hour" nearly went on for a whole day. and i'm catching up on the forum.... i missed a lot of stuff. well done pot! i understand now.
it was funded fully in the time it took for one person to even type a comment out! i've never had a bad science teacher, so i don't know how people say they've had bad experiences and it makes me sad because usually those people just avoid science altogether. i've only had one bad experience with a teacher and that was world history in high school with a teacher so boring he would literally take 2 weeks for one section, not chapter, and give the answers to tests just before handing those out. we only got to the founding of ancient rome, unit 6 or something. that was just a sad, boring class.
yes, zem. i know. when i said that i thought bio-chem was worse, what i meant was that i found bio-chem to be a much more difficult class than o-chem. but i had a really good o-chem professor and a terrible bio-chem professor.
@zem, first ever comment: tom macfarlan 2015-01-20t13:29:51-05:00 well that was funded quickly. congrats.
the riddle "hour" was an integral part, we all know that. i'm still so sad i joined so late and couldn't be part of all the early days and merriment!
right, before i wander off to find my bed, the other little thing on my todo list will be posted in the kittencorps forum. for those wanting to partake of it, send you comments there please. i will eventually catch up with everything. the item todo is: craft a book of lore/quotes/law/history of the rise of the 'corps and it's members. addons/amendments/wars can be added or merged at a later stage.
what was the first comment ever?
*per minute, sorry.
tep, i've gone back and looked at the 'ol kicktraq page sometimes. though i wish we could've had one keep going and following us. and i bet 3 of those 7 comments per second are mine!
biochem is biggest in the medical science area, lz. i'd think you'd at least have to know some of that, though o-chem plays at least as big a part in the medical field as biology.
sorry, it was chameleon's third comment, not the third comment in total.
and just for some nostalgia: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/elanlee/exploding-kittens/#chart-daily
zem, i do medical laboratory science
comments gems: amanda morse 2015-01-20t14:46:17-05:00 this was my first kickstarter pledge. not even reading rainbow got money from me, you majestic bastards. and the third comment by chameleon: brucep - the chameleon 2015-01-20t14:41:33-05:00 ooh, yes, adding more players would be great. moar please!
the comments average is a smidge over 7 comments a minute. this includes the hectic days in the beginning where we were doing about 20-50 comments in one page refresh, as well as the quiet periods between updates and shipping.
the "campaign" itself is over. the project is still on because some people didn't receive theirs. i wonder if there'll be an update saying when the very last person finally got theirs.
we'll have to plan out an anniversary party on the 365th day and 0 hours of the project's launch and first comment. like, each of us in our own houses has a little personal celebration, pat on the back, maybe a drink and some popcorn or something...
zem, the campaign is over once all kittens have been delivered. all backers deserve their kittens, whether they actively commented (in whatever fashion) or not.
ok, so the comments have been going for (from the first comment on the first day): 211 days 7 hours 4 minutes and counting with over 92 945 posts!
hey, mine needs to be moved! i'm not in that part of lincoln, i'm in the one specifically titled "university of nebraska lincoln". neihardt on 16th street to be specific. well, after tomorrow i will be again.
tep, the campaign is over. it's been over for some time now. you should get on that.
and some backers are still assigned to island locations because we couldn't find good address zones for them. hopefully that can be fixed as well. working on timeframe for comment thread.... post results soon.
it did pretty well, gm. the map turned out well, and i think you get to it through the corps page, right? i haven't been there in awhile. tep, need to call up cb and calculus again? just like old times.
gm, the map was a google one i created. it is still on the todo list to hack it into java so that you can center the icons on the anchor points, instead of the middle of the image. plus i have to put prof f on the moon still. there is a way apparrently, i just need to finish it in the off season after the campaign is over. https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer…
@tep: i know we had a map being worked on a while ago for the general(usually just the city) location of backers...can't remember how far it got.
i think i need to go and have a look at that data file again. i see graphing and possibly mapping potential. nice to know i've jumped a few spots.
no, you're 10, pot. cb is 9, but he doesn't comment, so in like 10 more comments you'll pass him.
okay, it looks like i need to stfu. i'm number 9 on a list i never had any intention of making.
and i worked my way up to just under 900 away from lz, only for him to be able to be here all day every day during the delivery fiasco and i could only cameo, so now look how far i am! he put be back to like 1500 away from him for awhile. now it's my turn! i play a slower, more patient game!
you're #22. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/23263053/ek/topcommenters.html surprised i still have that? ;)
i haven't spent nearly us much time as others. i usually pop in during the graveyard shift (daytime my side) so my comments seems to stand out a bit more. check cb's top 20 board, i'm somewhere down in the high 20's.
as zz top almost said, "you didn't have to thank me, but you did, but you did... and i thank you." which is pretty much what the comments have been like for intervals of the last day. kinda fun, really.
you spend way too much time there, tep, and i thank you for all of those you post!
also, has anyone seen derp? this was the most recent comment on his profile: wow i haven't seen these many people since... well since the campaign was still running. jul 31 2015 on exploding kittens 1) i missed that one, and b) i miss when he and i dominated the comments like those lions who walked around their cage in that really old cartoon repeating "bread and butter".
and a last one for creeper: (how to bathe kittens) http://9gag.com/gag/agng2zv
tep, you forgot supportive and springy. in fact, you can set a wine glass at my feet and jump on my head and all that will happen is i will scream and get seriously injured!
yes gm, but i leave that one "as an exercise for the reader"
wow its a feel good day!  well just so all the other equally awesome members don't feel left out, three cheers for the kc!  this board would never have had half the presence without all of you!  those stand out members that have been publicly honoured would most likely have only posted a couple of times and been out.  it took the whole corps to make that happen.  when one of us is recognized in name, we all are in spirit!
also, for creeper: http://9gag.com/gag/aapg27z
@tep: you forgot sometimes hilarious when using his sarcasm.
but it was most likely something good... and funny..... on another note: zem! you! you my friend are the foundational rock of these comments! well done! (for those not in the loop, go back a few hundred pages worth of comments. zem! is everywhere. and helpfull 99% of the time as well. not to mention insightful, brilliant, dashing, handsome and a wonderful mattressy being!)
@lz, i must've missed that one then. in any event...... i forgot what i was going to say....
o-chem is infamous. i guess it depends on what you're good at, and i think i'll be ok with organic, but it's well known to be a hellhole of a class. wow, apparently hellhole is a word on this word processing program! anyways, what more specifically is it that you do again?
i thought bio chem was worse than o chem
lz, i'm not sure it'll be so ok because this whole year is the infamous o-chem! lookin' forward to that. :p ::::[ <==== spider smile!
harrumph! lunch time! finished mowing our whole huge-$@@ yard and started baking a pizza. not just any pizza though, diablo pizza, with chorizo, jalapenos, and sriracha tomato sauce! this is gonna suck so good!
good point, pot
actually lz and nadia, i think the better route to take here would be to contact the delivery service (usps in the united states) and see if they can help first.  since it has been marked as "delivered" you should start with whoever delivered it.
nadia, the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
i need help! my box shows delivered but i never received it, what can be done? thanks!
it'll be okay, zem
ahoy. bunches o' work to do today, starting with mowing and not even ending with loading the cars with my stuff because i move back out tomorrow, so i may not be on for awhile today. i think it's too early to go back; my brother just started high school yesterday and last year we started like the second week of september. or maybe i'm just cranky about my classes and schedule. gonna be a tough semester/year. at least my roommate is good with coffee, made sure to check that out with him before going back.
huzzah!
finally got my nsfw deck. looks great!
no doubt lz.  no doubt.
@tep, pot said it yesterday morning, while creeper was here
i'm sure all the dignitaries here will get a shout out at kittencon
lz, when was this mention? i did not see it.
well...i get recognized at work almost all the time(even by the ceo, he comes by and chats when he's in town...i actually pay him though xd), so it definitely is a matter of time before i am here(kittencon is probably where it will happen).
that's right, gm. just be positive. good things will come
definitely jealous...one day i will get recognized.
i was too busy to come here yesterday, so i just saw that pot said that elan specifically mentioned creeper and me. that's so cool!
morning tep, bakhan, and pot. all three of which autocorrect doesn't like the spelling of.
howdy everyone.
@tep, good morning! good morning corps!
morning everybody!
g'night, ned!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
just like old times. well,  off to bed. good night zem.
echo and the bunnymen.
echo!
echo
................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. echo?
man it's empty in here. echo!
...cho
` ...cho
@zem: we have a business casual dress code here at work, with casual friday. so nice slacks, a button up shirt, and nice shoes is the standard for the guys here, unless the board of directors is in, or the ceo(who works out of our houston office most of the time). when they are in, we are supposed to wear more business like clothing(though we get almost no notice).
i know really good shoes are expensive, fashionable, and extremely comfortable, but they cost a ton, as you found out. i'm sticking with a t-shirt, cargo shorts, and tennis shoes though. i'd like to avoid anything at all fancier and less comfortable than that for as long as possible.
@bakhan: oh, i know, most dress shoes aren't exactly comfortable. but i can tell these ones will be, for a while at least. and as long as they last me, it was money well spent. more than i wanted to spend, but i needed replacements(my other ones were falling off my feet as i walk). @zem: these were probably more expensive than most tennis shoes cost to make.
@gm, i was just joking.  my most expensive pair of dress shoes (christian audiger) are also the least comfortable... at least they look cool...
bakhan, that's where those stabilizers come in, in addition to the new treads and strength. they know what they're doing. also, because dress. someone decided that the better you look, the more you pay, even if it costs more to make some tennis shoes than some dress shoes.
these ones aren't that bad actually....only a little tight where they will stretch a bit. but other than that, they are nice and comfortable.
@gm, cause it costs money to feel so damn uncomfortable!  you think that level of discomfort comes for free? ;)
why are good quality dress shoes so damned expensive?
i'm kind of wondering how they will be able to keep that much moving mass stable enough not to fall over, taking, or giving a punch.  the version they have now is 12000 lbs!  now they're going to add a bigger power source and heavy armour... crazy!
i'm pretty sure the waivers usually cover "accidental death", not "targeted by a 120 mm cannon" kind of death. i think they already worked that part out though. i hope.
i was wondering about that.  they would need some sort of remote kill switch in case of craziness.  i'm thinking that chain sword they're showing could really cut down on the life span of the pilot... ;)
well i think they mean melee as in the battle bots sense that they can add weapons, but miniguns like they had before are out, probably mainly because they have a real person inside the robot.
after seeing the american team i think that we have a major advantage given unlimited funding, especially if they can get certain technologies i have in mind into it. however, the japanese have some of the most advanced robotics research headed by people who grew up with stuff like the gundam series, which explains why their bots looked like that while ours looked like the one from the famous 80s post-apocalyptic robot movie that i can't find now, but you know what i mean.
@zem, i don't think its only hand to hand, i just think that was a component that japan wanted to have.  i whole heartedly agree.  hand to hand, and weapons!  whoo hoo!  i've been waiting for something like this my whole life!
oh, i didn't know it was only melee now; the japanese one was way better before, but that opens up way more possibilities. can't wait to see how these things turn out! i actually hope very geekily that this becomes a regular thing with national teams!
@zem, i don't even care who wins the actual battle.  giant robots fighting ftw!
you just saw that? been all over the nerd newses. i didn't know they had a kickstarter for it though! i can't wait, though i know the japanese will win because they have way better weaponry.
ok seriously, oh mah gerd! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/megabots/support-team-usa-in-the-giant-robot-duel/…
should i... take that as a no? come on, it's only a few hundred bucks! *coughcougheachwaycoughcough* . hey, i know a ton of great movies!
man, i wish i had another kitty, but mine keeps scaring them all away. i'll bring a cat that loves people and time for as many movies as you can stand if you take care of the rest! (including flight fees from omaha to new york city).
man, i wish i had time for a good movie marathon.  and i wish all the kitties would actually come inside and cuddle!
creeper, just remember the secret to happiness: bottle of wine, at least 2 cats/kittens, dozens of batches of home-made popcorn, and a movie marathon. oh wait, that's (minus the wine, obviously) just a good day in general. crap, where'd i put the one specifically labeled "happiness"? ah, here it is! bacon, cats, and coffee.
aaw, and here i was feeling warm and fuzzy from pot's compliment, but you guys got fuzzed up by elan himself! oh well, i made my mark on this world after the campaign by accident, but i'm here regardless.
@gm - i might go missing after the fight we had this morning.  i'm super cranky pants.
awh, that's very sweet of them.  thank you for sharing that.
creeper and lz.  elan mentioned you both specifically last saturday and thanks you both for your efforts and assistance.
@creeper: no bodies we need to deny knowledge of, right? @bakhan: i'm only taking a certain amount, and taking my one credit card i have set aside for travel/emergencies that has a much lower limit. one of my friends paid for the hotel, we are each paying for our own flights, and we are splitting(probably going to tell him to put his money away if he tries this) the food.
@gm, two things.  be smart! watch your money and credit cards, like a hawk!  second thing, have fun!
showing your landlord who's in charge is more important that this, we understand.
hello all!  sorry - just got in a fight with a landlord, hence the quick disappearance.
good morning creeper!  sorry i missed you last night.
@bakhan: no, i haven't and neither have either of my friends who are going as well. @creeper: hi creeper! long time no see.
@creeper, good morning m'lady!
now time for gmm and a bagel. can't wait for college to start and ruin my summer fun... thuurrrssdaaaayyyy!!!!!!
g'morning, creeper! sad that i missed you last night, but i had a podcast to finally be available for when it was live.
wasn't vegas the original location idea for kitten con? we need to make that happen sooner or later! how about in 2 years (when i turn 21)? time enough to finish getting backer's backing out to them, release the game officially, release some expansions, do a little dance, make a little love, and get down tonight!
morning kittens!
@gm, congrats on the vaca time!  have you been to vegas before?
@pot, alright, just keep me in the loop!
@bakhan.  no current plans for world domination, but that could change at any moment.  if it does i'll let you know.
excellent gm!  i am longing for a vegas getaway myself.  maybe next year.
pot aaw, thanks! now my heart's all fuzzy and my tummy's all rumbly! wait, that's hunger. one of those i can fix. the other needs a cardiologist. gm i think you're in the twilight zone! be careful!
woo! vegas vacation days approved by my manager...january get here sooner!
you know, since things went so smoothly yesterday...my morning is a little out of whack. normally i'm scrambling to get everything out to the admins for approval, but here i am, with the managers doing their reviews....a full day early.
@gm, good morning sir!
morning pot, bakhan, and everyone else who i didn't see yet(haven't scrolled down....too lazy).
@pot, so what other awesomeness do you have planned?  world domination? if so, i'd like to help, always been a hobby of mine... ;)
good mornin' bakhan!
good morning corps!
greatest investment ever. love this game and so does everyone i introduce it to. send some out to retailers already, the masses hunger.
good morning my corps. dammit.  i missed chef creeper, i wanted to talk to her. zem, you are a damn treasure, the amount of time you spend here offering help and advice is unmatched by anyone else and i personally am grateful to you for the effort.  well done young man. to the corps in general, please keep an eye on the comments to the new update.  i have found them asking for help in the comments to the update that tells them specifically to email if they need help.  :::sigh:::  people.....
got my game a few weeks ago and i loved the surprise. played it a few times and everyone loved it.
well, if any corps members get here, i went to take a nap. had to get up early for one thing.
we've done the 4 of a kind reverses rule, but nobody ever really has 4, nor do they want to always reverse, so it's not really used. and not december, most likely much later. they have to make sure everyone gets exactly what they ordered, which will likely take until then, and then make new cards, types of cards, art, produce them, and all this after the game is already released on its own as a real game.
@zem, yeah, i know its in the works and i'll probably be buying whatever expansion packs come available. in.... what, december? best case? but by setting up a house rule, we can use the cards we have on hand to change the way it plays now. i guess i just need to find (make) some friends and play some hands with variations of the rules and decide which one works best for me.
glen, it's already in the works. trust me, that's like the single biggest request.
got my decks!
i don't have my deck(s) in front of me right now, but given the repeated requests for a reverse card, can we brainstorm a way to make it happen with what we already have? for those of you who are more into gaming than i, how 'hard' does it need to be to play a reverse? in other words, do you have to get four of a kind (more difficult) or just designate one of the non action cards as a reverse (less difficult)? since "tacocat" is a palindrome and spells both ways, i nominate "tacocat" as the reverse card.
jetewabbie: that's kinda the point of nsfw. you could have the first two people to draw a kitten and not defuse it put it back in the deck somewhere so the game seems like it has 6 kittens. and yeah, the more people that play this, the crazier it gets! i love this game!
jakob: first of all, check that you're opening it in enough light. second, check that the photosensor is under tacocat's right eye. if not, readjust it. third, i'm not sure, try changing the battery. and if you have more than 5 people, you should combine both decks. of course it's going to take longer; you have twice the cards to get through! you could add the exploding kittens to the one deck if you want it to take less time, or once the first person dies, they put the kitten back in the deck
had great fun playing on vacation last week. with 7 in our family we had to include the nsfw deck.  the nsfw deck is amusing but not really fit for family fun.  so we only used the exploding kittens and diffuse cards from the nsfw and then a few of the other cards that were not so ... should i say... offensive. :) i must say a 2 player game is nowhere near as fun as a 7 player game.  we really had a blast.
just got mine! the box was a distracting surprise for everyone at my office.
*put the top card on the bottom
@jakub i've found that the best strategy is to pay one deck up to five players and then use, shuffle in the second deck for players 6-9. . it's pretty easy to separate them back out. . another strategy we've discussed is adding more exploding kittens to the deck. . game maybe needs to allow you to use...three different cards? to put the to card on the bottom, in that case.
@eric thanks! will look out for those then
dear authors, first i'd like to thank you for the package, it arrived without problem and we already played this weekend (and it was great!), but i have two things i'd like to ask: 1) meowing box - when it arrived, it meowed just fine, but after a while it stopped (i meowed like 10 times, so i guess the battery isn't the issue) - however, is there a way to safely open the box and fix this / change battery / something? 2) how exactly are we supposed to handle the original and nsfw packs? when we played just the original, the game was smooth, quick and fun, but when we combined both packs it got much slower... was the intention to play both packs separately, one with children and one with adults, without combining them? (i also hoped that the nsfw pack introduces some new rules, but i guess that will come in some future expansions if any ;) anyways, thanks again, your game is great!
well goodnight. that was totally worth staying up for.
aaw, missed you all! watching a live podcast finally. been trying for more than a month, just couldn't make it work.
good night!!
throw something at them or pull a gordon ramsay. that should fix things. sorry, but i'm falling asleep.  good night!  congratulations again! !
agreed, tyler.  right now they're sole focus is on fulfilling every last order from kickstarter.  from the start their main goal was to keep everyone happy.  it's a tough job, and i would not want to sift through those emails!!
@eric if they do make an expansion i hope they make another awesome storage case. but it will probably be a good year or two before we get one considering there's still alot of people who haven't gotten their decks. and how long it would take to make all the artwork and playtesting that comes with making an expansion.
re:nope card - i didn't realize!  and that's positive thinking, trinkets!  think of all the possible expansion cards that are already designed!! and thank you for the congrats!
i agree.  but it's not even that i have to enforce authority over anyone.  it's as simple as going to the main kitchen (i have my own pastry kitchen) and being completely ignored.  one of the chefs there just stares at me as i explain something.  i repeat myself so much with him.  or the other night, i was trying to find something specific and 6 guys just ignored me.  i asked repeatedly.  i threw my hands up and declared something (what, i forget), and finally one of the guys responded.  like.  dudes.  stop with the ego/misogyny.
@tyler, maybe an expansion card? kind of flips your disappointment around, doesn't it!!!
i don't think i was around when the announcement was made, so, better late than never. .. congratulations,  chef!!! that's fantastic!!
the only thing i was dissapointed by in this campaign is that in update #15 they showed a "nope" card featuring godzilla saying "godzilla delivers a nice tall glass of nope!" and was sad to see that wasn't an actual card in the normal deck or the nsfw deck. :( other than that i enjoy the game immensely.
yeah, i found difficult at first, when i was promoted. the one thing i think has worked the best for me,  was to not be everyone's friend. people respect a tough, but understanding boss. they also walk all over someone who is more friend than boss.
all that being said, it feels really damn good to introduce myself as chef.  i had to present a new dessert to the staff the other day... my first presentation, but i had already had two giant glasses of wine because a manager was leaving next door and we had a small going away party.  i was super paranoid the staff could tell.
i haven't even had a chance to play exploding kittens!!!!  i feel like they're just sitting there, watching me, waiting for love.  :(
things are still going well!  adjusting to life as the boss lady pastry chef.  it's intimidating, and since i feel like i skipped a few steps getting this promotion, i'm having trouble gaining respect in some places.  i'm working so many hours at the moment (doing this part-time and still waiting tables).   it's just a huge adjustment.  i knew it would be, but i grew soooo comfortable in my own kitchen with my own tools and my own oven.  it's hard calibrating everything.
not much going on here, how's things out east?
@jaradcel,  the sleeved cards do not fit into the regular box. i put a small divider in the middle of my nsfw box and it holds both decks just fine. i used the fantasy flight grey sleeves. clear sleeves: standard card game pack #ffs05 fits cards of this size: 2 1/2" x 3 1/2" (63.5 x 88 mm) each pack of sleeves includes 50 sleeves.
hola que pasa!?    and i just read pot's awesome update.  thank you so much for the in-depth recap!
hola, creeper.
hi pot!  hope you had a nice meeting with elan and crew!
@jaradcel i have not seen any posts about having sleeved the cards and trying to put them back in the box.  the cards are standard playing card size.  if you decide to do this, please come back here and tell us how it goes.
anyone know whether the cards can afford to be sleeved and still fit in the box? :) and what size sleeve it would be please? :)
wes the game will be available this year, in time for christmas.  go to the explodingkittens.com website and sign up for info on the release.
i've already received mine, but does anyone know if there's an option to buy more decks? specifically the nsfw decks?
check out the contender kickstarter. the guy with the beard is an awesome guy i like, which is how i found it, but it looks really funny and fun and i'm wondering if it's worth getting. is it worth getting?
2 whole hours?! what is this, the weekend?!! ooh, my roommate emailed me! great, this is working out well then.
the concept of exploding kittens is to not explode.  my frinds, family and enemies love this game.  best thing since modern warfare.
the packaging and overall look and feel to the game was way better than i would ever expect from any kickstarter project. i am playing with as many people as i can and they all love the game so far! thank you!
@sebastian champagne yes the surveys were sent in june.  send an email to support@explodingkittens.com  in the subject line put "no survey received".  in the body of the email just explain it, not much is required.  keep it short. when they get to your email they'll send you a response asking for your info.  it may take 10 to 14 days, they are swamped with emails right now.  be patient.
anyone actually do a survey? "the survey for this reward hasn't been sent by elan lee yet. "
the more ideas the merrier lz.  especially new ideas.
the good: loving my exploding kittens!  the wife is already asking me when you guys plan to release the next expansion deck.  very big fan of what you guys are doing. the amusing: my local post office freaked out when they got a kitten sized box with "exploding kittens" written on it in big letters. the amazing: this game is amazingly hilarious!  it's amusing when someone draws a card and starts a giggle-fit.
pot, yeah. i offered first. i just wanted to wait until things mellowed out a little. if he doesn't want me to wait, i can shoot him an email now
he's gotten the most common input, most of which includes most of mine.
you know how to get in touch lz.  elan has specifically requested input from the corps.
indeed. i have some suggestions kicking around in my noggin
i just had a meeting with elan last saturday. your requests for a reversing card have been heard!  they are looking at the best way to do it even as i type and they hope to be able to include it in an expansion pack (no promises).  and yes! an expansion pack is being worked on too.  no idea when.  fingers crossed.
angry birds... i'll have to look into that comparison...
was surprised how fun exploding kittens was!  played with 9 of my hockey teammates the other day, and we all had a blast. as my drunk captain says "it is like angry birds, but better" (he....he is a strange fellah)
played it the first time friday night and had a blast (appropriate)! everyone had fun reading the cards. lots of laughs. the speed of the game didn't make it too hard on the people who had a kitten explode early in the game (which was me in game 1!). thanks again for all the great work and the great game. hint: the more people who play, the more the fun.
thanks for my amazing box of kittens that enjoy exploding, the game is a hundred time more tactical than i ever though it could be and a serious laugh. (especially loving my nsfw pack featuring boob wizards xd ) cheers guys!
damn autocorrect! i wouldn't use the infinity boner! infinity vindt doesn't even make any sense! they're not even the same language!
yeah, i wouldn't use the infinity vindt if i were playing with my parents or kids, for example.
keith, i think some were just so good that they couldn't be in the normal deck, like the pope of nope and cat's schrodinger. though some are definitely dorm-exclusive. i'm not using that deck with my parents or work or something like that. at least not half of it. the crack-smoking baby owls are up for debate, though.
anita: first try opening it in more light. then, if still no difference, see if the light sensor is under tacocat's right eye. if it is, then maybe see if you can take it out of the pocket thing and try changing them.
is there a way of changing the batteries in the box? mine will not meow. your nsfw deck is funny!
too*
the nsfw cards were a bit to sfw for my liking.
@bob , the reverse card is highly requested, as is an expansion. remember, the game isn't even available to the public yet. that will be in a little bit.   i wouldn't be thinking an expansion for a while. but i would guess that they would certainly have plans for it. there were cards shown earlier that aren't in the final decks.
@bob, on the lower left corner, written in light grey is either first edition on the regular deck, and nsfw on its deck. it's there, you probably just missed it.  i don't think it is on the actual exploding kittens themselves, though.
is there any way to seperate the nsfw deck from the regular deck?  maybe a little black dot could be incorporate in future additions. any thought of expansion pack?  maybe a card to reverse the order like that other card game. with 92k comments i did not bother to read them all to see if this has been covered already
i received  my kittens and i read this update!
just got my set today here in alaska!!! can't wait to play tonight at the fire station!!!!
they forgot to mention not to spam the support because of the waiting period.
game came in a few days ago have yet to play it we need to play with some friends can not wait this game looks awesome!
really, update?! oh boy! i hope it covers everything. maybe they can amend it if they left an issue out.
finally, an update about orders with issues!!  it's as if you are almost psychic, @pot!
the reason the conversation came to that is because i brought up dalton because i saw him in chuck and instantly recognized him as skinner. it's too bad; he had so many opportunities in chuck to say, "my, he is tenacious!" or "here comes the fuzz."
who just got back from alot of errands and knows the difference between simon pegg and timothy dalton (who played simon skinner in hot fuzz)? this guy. oh, you did get that sorted out. and pot, i made sure what i said in no way ruined state secrets.
@glen, i gotcha. i thought he was using the actor's name, not the character's name.
wow. my weekend was nice and dull. i took friday and today off. i don't want to go back to work tomorrow, but i must! hafta deal with petulant personnel issues.
@lz, well, depends on which actor you are talking about. simon pegg plays nicholas angel, our hero cop. the actor timothy dalton (of james bond fame, really zem? you didn't know that?) however, plays the character simon skinner "lock me up, i'm a slasher!". how they keep that straight on a set boggles my mind.
good and stinky.  hmmph.  didn't they play the orpheum circuit back '27? i am  doing okay, i over stressed my left (still oem) knee while at the hollywood bowl saturday night, and it is now swollen and very angry with me.  but at least i'm home.  the weekend was kind of surreal.  we flew in friday afternoon, got dinner and went to bed, and once we got up saturday morning it was just a mad rush with a few quick naps in between til we got home, finally about 11:00 last night.
i'm good. and stinky, apparently.
i'm back.  had to go get the dog back from the kennel. how are you lz?
harumph! figures... i show up and everyone leaves. do i smell? that's why everyone leaves, right? it's cause i stink. it's okay, you can tell me
@zem, the actor's name is simon pegg, not simon skinner
and a good day to you, too, my good man!
@lz, good day sir!
pot, i'm so very very jelly! all of that is awesome!
@trinkets, until they catch on, and then go all minority report on you!
see the future. stay one step ahead of them
@glen, i'm thinking shuffle, that way you can just shuffle on down the road, and not worry about the man!
i mean, if you were going to actually send a bomb in the mail (i'm not, please don't hurt me nsa!) at least if you label it a bomb, then they can't charge you with mail fraud right? should i use a "nope" card or a "defuse" card when the black suits and mirrored sunglasses show up at my door? maybe a "skip"?
@glen, no doubt!  safety first...
lol, you just can't make shirt like that up. [post office guys looks at box] "this box says exploding kittens on it, that probably means it might be a bomb. we should inspect it." [gets out box cutter] "no need to be careful opening a box that i think might be a bomb though." [cue fruit ninja sounds]
there were a few people who popped in here and said the post office had opened some boxes to check them inside.  there were stickers on the boxes from the post offices saying the boxes needed to be inspected. one guy even said the post office had sliced his nsfw box up while opening up the shrink wrap.
@pot: i only heard about a few where they were labelled as exploding kittens, and having a slip inside when it arrived saying it was inspected. but not that many, probably less than 1% had that i think.
i was/am unaware of anything having to do with putting "exploding" on shipping boxes, so no.   i must confess, that per my usual, i drove the conversation into areas of my own interest and concern. bad pot. what's up with "exploding" on shipping boxes?
lol, elam.....stupid drunk phone
that's fantastic, @tep. @pot, did elam address the isssue of putting the word "exploding" on the shipping g boxes?
we made a top 10 product round up for summer games (winter if you live in another hemisphere)! "feeling a physical present: ten summer games and gadgets:" http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/08/17/product_roundup_ten_summer_games_and_gadgets/
@pot: definitely need to dust off the old desktop then...that info is on there as well...and would be easier.
gm send an email to cheetahbutt at the club board for your info.
@pot: wish i could have been there, would have been an enlightening experience to say the least. and wish i could find my username and password for the club board...i will have to dust off my old desktop to check there.
@pot,  that's incredible!
@pot, ah enthusiasm and reading comprehension... lolz!  seriously though, good for you, i can only imagine how awesome that would have been!
yes, i did feel a youthful glow emanating.  'course, that shit is gone now.
zem?  the not for public discussion header?  that was real, you read it.
pot, i've heard it's good for the skin.
yeah, i definitely would've beaten him up, taken the deck, and sold it to the highest bidder after using it myself.
t'was something of a dream come true, to bask in the presence of both elan and bella.  i recommend it.
@pot, wow! congrats man! very awesome news!
oh, and don't email them more than that unless it takes more than 2 weeks. a 10-day waiting period for a response is normal.
email support, sorry, not go there.
@roger mann please send an email to support@explodingkittens.com in the subject line put "no shipping notification, no shipment" in the body put any additional information you think might help them resolve your issue.  keep it as short as you can. i hope this helps.
roger, you've come to the wrong place for both of those. one i can tell you to go to support@explodingkittens.com . the other i can just say this is the wrong place. *western music plays* pot: oh boy! been waiting to hear about that all weekend!
why would you change from the packers at all? and yeah... no, the real housewives isn't good television at all. she doesn't think firefly or chuck is good though?! what kind of relationship have you gotten yourself into?!?!?!?!??!
came to complain that i have yet to get my package or even a shipping notice, but seems like i have to (inexplicably) explain to adults why chuck and firefly were both fecking awful television shows.
i'm back! kc.  new update on the club board.  lottsa cool stuff.
chuck wasn't my favorite, but it's great for just watching on netflix. i just watched the price is right on tv, the first time i've watched a tv show in quite possibly 3 years now. but i do watch netflix alot when i'm home and we watch shows like chuck or burn notice.
sing it loud and sing it proud, bakhan!! everything i like is stupid, but the real housewives shows are good tv? at least she won't change the channel when the packers are on.
@gm, ah the single life!  that used to be me as well, i did mention i'm married now right?  i think that primarily means spending lots of time with your spouses intrests and your interests are considered childish and unintersting... even though, i met my wife through music... ;)
it still gets used at least 10 hours a week, two different band practice nights and one casual jam.  i just used to play and write much more than that at one time.  of course, i am getting older and need to take longer breaks than i used to.  this whole getting older thing is way overrated!
@bakhan: i think i've watched maybe 1 hour of tv in the past 3 months, and probably 20 movies on netflix. i tend to not find anything interesting on tv, and also tend to play video games more often than not.
maybe you just need to get your mind set on your guitar
@gm, i've been purposely avoiding getting netflix.  we watch way too much tv as it is!  before i started dating my wife, i watched 2 hours a week max.  now thats every night, at least!  my guitar gently weeps... ;)
@bakhan: it is on netflix.
and yvonne strahovski. ......yummy!!
i hope you do. adam baldwin is in it. doesn't play a merc like in firefly, but he's great in it. and in season 4 of chuck, timothy dalton is amazing in his role. lots of guest stars. great characters and tons of feels. i still can't watch the last episode without getting chocked up. and i've seen it 6 times.
@trinkets, thanks man, the more the merrier!  i may have to check this chuck show out...
http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0934814/
more happy thoughts for your dog, bakhan! don't worry, i never heard of chuck while it was on nbc. for 5 years. i remember my buds talking about it once, but never checked it out. then one friend had seasons 1&2 on dvd. so i gave it a shot. never have i been so impressed with a show as chuck. it blew me away. so i bought all 5 seasons for myself.
at the apparent risk of death, never heard of chuck.  that being said, firefly ftw!
@gm, he's doing good, he has no idea he's so sick.  i took him in this morning to get his stiches out and he gets his first round of chemo, assuming they don't find another tumour first.  fingers crossed.  the poor guy has one of the most aggressive types of cancer a dog can get.  i just want to give him as long as i can, without making him suffer.
gm, yeah, i did see that one, just forgot about it until i saw the imdb page. at the risk of beheading, i think firefly was among the ranks of dr. who and the potential for the hitchhiker's guide if it were remade again as a tv show. that being said, that's the god level of tv for me, so give me a break! only a select handful of shows even dream of aspiring to hope to have wishes of thinking of possibly attaining the ranks below that level.
gawd, i hate fox!!!!!
firefly is almost an exception and can't be classified as a tv show. it's more than that. it's a class all by itself.
@bakhano: morning. how is the pup? @trinkets: nothing beats firefly. anyone who says differently will get shot.
someone said chuck!!! best......show.........ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and i will fight anyone to the death who says otherwise! !!!!! (ok, if you say firefly, i'll let that slide)
@gm, good morning!
@zem: he is also in doctor who.
isn't it weird when you love an actor only to find out he's already extremely famous and you didn't know? i loved simon skinner from hot fuzz and wondered if he ever did other stuff, but i never saw him and never even checked imdb. then i was watching chuck and he's the major villain for like two seasons. so i looked him up and turns out he's timothy dalton, one of the bonds who was in license to kill as well as dozens of parts in other movies like even toy story 3! how have i never seen this before?!
@zem, by the same logic, you could play with 11, 12, etc.  the ballance of the cards is such that it should be a max of 9, however, house rules are always great as well.
you can play with 10 if the first person who is not able to avoid an exploding kitten and is out of the game puts the kitten back in the deck. i realized i should've bought two of each as well. my brother is being dumb and not opening his yet so we're just using my decks to play now, and though they haven't been handled much in a week, they do get used quite a bit.
@robin, actually 9 player, there are ony a total of 8 exploding kittens if you combine both decks.  you need one less kitten then players.
the project began with 2-4 player. if combine is up to 8 player . now it can play 5 player. means combine can play up to 10 player correct ?
i've done the same, but when my nieces come by and have a game, i'll have to split them out again, and i'll be glad to have that package to put them in.  i would have been happy with anything, so i guess i'm easy to please that way, i mean, they certainly didn't have to include the super special secret surprise of awesomeness (that you had made a version of when you were 14)... ;)
@zem, i was secretly hoping for a trinket, except i wasn't being very secretive about it! lolz!  i'm very happy with what we've recieved.  i should have bought two copies of each deck though.  these ones will wear out quite quickly given how much they're being used!
don't get me wrong, it's cute and it made me smile, but the way they were talking it up i expected something.... useful. not the same thing i put into a soap box for a chemistry project when i was 14. :p i feel bad the team wasted the money on a whole second box for the nsfw version!  i combined mine into one box and they'll probably never go back into the nsfw box.  though, i guess the team didn't know who planned on combining them and who didn't.
got the game in france :d thanks !
bakhan: good morning! and at first i thought, "a million dollars!" like dr. evil from austin powers. then i thought, "a million? really? wow!" and then realized that comes out to probably around over a dollar per box, which makes sense. i was expecting more, but am very happy with what i got!
good morning corps!
@kristen, it was more me-owwww to me... ;) apparently it cost around a million dollars to add that to all the special boxes!
to everyone with questions about their orders: creator elan lee about [15:00 8/12/15]  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan they have also asked for patience.  there are only three people handling all of these emails, so it will take time for them to process.  sometimes 10+ days.  sometimes they will take care of your email without emailing you back, ie missing decks etc.  hang in there guys, ek really want you to burn... er get your stuff!
the surprise is cute, but was anyone else kinda hoping for something better than that?  i mean, that's something that i did for a project in high school over 10 years ago so it didn't seem that "wow" to me.
received my order today. well actually it already arrived last week, but i was on vacation! so excited and really looking forward to play! the surprise is hilarious! i won't reveal what it is, of course!
actually in my email from blackbox it says:  "if you don’t get your order by september 18th, please reply to this email and let us know"  so i assume that even though they shipped it out, we might actually have to collectively wait a couple of weeks longer... bummer...
last received an email 2 weeks ago from blackbox about my orders being prepared to be shipped .. haven't heard back anything since then. anyone can advise on my order status?
hi, didnt get my cards yet whats up with that??
got mine! a day earlier than fedex estimated, too! can't wait to play! :d
received in malaysia :d awesomeeee
have you readjusted the sensor so that it's under tacocat's right eye if it's not already? i think it has batteries, so might be worth checking into that too.
http://explodingkittens.com/faq.html does contain any information on the "secret" that does not seem to work (yes i have exposed it to light)
thomas, i had a round that came all the way down to the last card and the turn went: attack, nope, yep, nope, yep, nope, attack, dang it, boom. it's amazing to me how such a simple and novel game can become so serious and tense in the last rounds. and you can play several games in a row (my record is over 10) and it's still fun! then you bring out the nsfw deck...
played three games at work last week, two of them went down the last cards.  nice game design folks - it's not often that something "new" is this refined in its playtesting - the fact that we literally did not know who was going to 'splode and who was not until the last cards where drawn (skip, nope, skip, nope, attack, nope, bam) was lots of fun.
glad to see people are still having things worked out. the team is working hard to make sure everyone gets what they paid for!
played my first game today. everyone had a good time and lots of kittens exploded.
i've just got back from holiday during which i took my shiny new exploding kittens and nsfw expansion - everyone loved it and thought it was the best game out of the ones we played, and they all asked about getting their own deck.  can't wait to see what heinous kitties are in the next expansion pack.  thanks for the great game :)
oops, should have said: another reminder, if you contacted them using  support@explodingkittens.com that they have heard you and are dealing with your issue.
@ruben, that's good to know, that there will be people getting issues fixed without any sort if contact from ek, or blackbox. another reminder, if you contacted them usingsupport@explodingkittens.com
i did -not- get a shipping email, the game just showed up the other day. all in all, don't worry, people. the gears are in motion. have patience.
i've recieved my expldong kittens and it looks awesome. and sometimes goats.
also, please check updates and this faq page for questions before even asking the support for help!  http://explodingkittens.com/faq.html
shane and all else having troubles receiving their decks: fear not!  creator elan lee about [15:00 8/12/15]  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan
also for those messaging support:  please be patient. a 10+ day wait for a response is normal. they only have a few people working on thousands of emails, so please sit tight and trust me, you will be helped. they really do want everyone to get what they ordered no matter what. also, do not send multiple messages unless they've taken more than about 2 weeks. that just clogs the system and makes it much more complicated to work through. understand it will take time and if you bombard them with multiple messages it takes that much longer to sort everyone out. thank you all for your patience and understanding and i hope all your problems are solved swiftly and in full!
rd, are you serious or just pulling our paws? if that honestly happened, that'd be so amazing!
got a shipping email and it said delivered but never received my product??  emailed a few times no reply?  would love to have my kittens or at least a reply that someone is investigating this issue like i asked and emailed about.
packed exploding kittens to play on my honeymoon.  tsa found it in my carry on and did a chemical swap to make sure it wasn't actually explosive. whoops.
oops, lol, diablo 3.
more diablo 3 when you were only on the second?  now for some gta v online (because i've done every single offline mission and my mod doesn't work anymore) and later on maybe even some more mount and blade again. love these games. of course, my brother fell asleep there. i should rudely wake him up...
time to make you jealous. i fished this morning, then took a nap, then played diablo 2, now i'm picking up some bbq from a new bbq joint in town. the owner is a guy who has won bbq compititions on the food network. super yummy! ! then more diablo 3!!!  perfect day!!!
good. only about a week left before i move back to the dorms. already getting emails from the profs. whoopeeeee. otherwise, just hanging out all of today.
how's it going zem?
wake me when madjo stops complaining. you're probably not getting a handwritten apology letter and free copies of the game for this oh-so horrible inconvenience of not responding to your emails, so let's just agree that no matter what the ek team does, you just won't be happy. they have said of you have emailed them, then you will get taken care of. they also have asked for patience. other backers have posted on here of their 10+ day wait times, but have had their problems solved. it sounds to me like they are doing what they said. so......you want the creators to  repeat what they've already said, over and over, for what reason(s)?
also, please check updates and this faq page for questions before even asking the support for help!  http://explodingkittens.com/faq.html
simon and all else having troubles receiving their decks: fear not!  creator elan lee about [15:00 8/12/15]  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan
also for those messaging support:  please be patient. a 10+ day wait for a response is normal. they only have a few people working on thousands of emails, so please sit tight and trust me, you will be helped. they really do want everyone to get what they ordered no matter what. also, do not send multiple messages unless they've taken more than about 2 weeks. that just clogs the system and makes it much more complicated to work through. understand it will take time and if you bombard them with multiple messages it takes that much longer to sort everyone out. thank you all for your patience and understanding and i hope all your problems are solved swiftly and in full! madjo, speaking of copy & pasting ;)
madjo, i've been here since january helping out anyone who cared to ask one of several thousands of times how to change their address, if they still could, why their survey hasn't come in, how to change their address, why this hasn't become an update, how these will ship, why they haven't shipped a million decks by now, dang it, it's march, and how to change their address. we love this past-time, though, so if you're only going to push down the copy&pasted comments that are too in the updates, not that anyone ever cares about that, please leave it to the unpaid professionals who made a small community and have fun together.
wake me, when the ek team has decided to stop relying on their fans to copy and paste their comments and alleviate any worries that people waiting on their orders might have.
hey, i was promised boob dragons and weaponized pork missiles! =( minor boob- and pork related disappointment aside, i received the decks, and just played my first game with a couple buddies. i ate dirt at the end, but it was a blast! definitely gonna be a gamenight mainstay. =d
@goonerwa, please reread the rules regarding nope cards. there are 2 things nope cards can not  do. #1) you can not  nope an exploding kitten  b) you can nor nope a defuse you can defuse all other cards and even the special actions such as discarding a pair to take a card at random.
gameplay question.... you draw an exploding kitten and play your defuse card...but someone puts a nope on it... can u then play another defuse card if u have one in your hand? we can't see an answer to this in the instructions thanks in advance for any replies
just got the kittens this afternoon. missing the personal note. but love the surprise.. meow...@!@         ;d
box of 4 decks and 4 nsfw decks, with poster and letter arrived in south east pa.  i was very impressed with the packing.   thanks guys. will be playing kittens with the family this weekend!
glad i checked the comments before contacting elan or emailing support again. will sit tight and wait...
guilherme you can replace defusing the exploding kitten with taking a shot? lol
got mine here in brazil yesterday! it got here pretty fast, since it had to go through customs and such. the box is really great, the game is great, and the secret is great! thank you guys for having such a blast! ps: trying to figure out the best way to turn it into a drinking game... any ideas? :)
simon and all else having troubles receiving their decks: fear not!  creator elan lee about [15:00 8/12/15]  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan
also for those messaging support:  please be patient. a 10+ day wait for a response is normal. they only have a few people working on thousands of emails, so please sit tight and trust me, you will be helped. they really do want everyone to get what they ordered no matter what. also, do not send multiple messages unless they've taken more than about 2 weeks. that just clogs the system and makes it much more complicated to work through. understand it will take time and if you bombard them with multiple messages it takes that much longer to sort everyone out. thank you all for your patience and understanding and i hope all your problems are solved swiftly and in full!
hi, i don't know if anyone else had this problem, but my red box came in damaged both inside and outside. could you let me know if i can get a replacement, please? thanks for your hard work.
thank you very much!
thanks all for the advice and links! it was indeed because i was opening them in too dark of a space. i opened them in a bright area and they worked great. thanks again!
greetings from quebec city, canada. received my game (1 deck + 1 nsfw deck) the 4th of august but never got a chance to play until today. really impressed with the quality and everyone in the family is enjoying it :)
also for those messaging support: please be patient. a 10+ day wait for a response is normal. they only have a few people working on thousands of emails, so please sit tight and trust me, you will be helped. they really do want everyone to get what they ordered no matter what. also, do not send multiple messages unless they've taken more than about 2 weeks. that just clogs the system and makes it much more complicated to work through. understand it will take time and if you bombard them with multiple messages it takes that much longer to sort everyone out. thank you all for your patience and understanding and i hope all your problems are solved swiftly and in full!
rikka and all else having troubles receiving their decks: fear not! creator elan lee about [15:00 8/12/15]  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan
i'm in australia and i haven't received my yet :(
wow, such a busy day here. glad i didn't miss anything important.
@kelly, this from creeper: melissa "taser creeper" nicole about 22 hours ago if anyone is having issues with their surprise: http://explodingkittens.com/faq.html
@kelly - they are light sensitive. could that be the issue?
the game is great! i love it. the only issue i have is that the meow noise maker does not work on the 3 boxes i got. is anybody else seeing this issue? is there a way i can fix it?
hola, peeps and pepes. how's life been against "y'a'll's"?
mike, it seems that there's a minimum of 10 days before you get a response because of the crazy large number of emails they are getting
ok, seems like a lot of people are missing decks. i've tried emailing blackbox and the support on exploding kittens website and have yet to receive a reply. has anyone else had luck?
thank you for my decks!  have played one of them with a ten year old. the "enhanced box" is a big hit with the grandkids and me!  thanks again
@babrizio, you need to write support@explodingkittens.com.  complaining here will achieve nothing.
i just received my package with decks missing. i ordered 3x of each from $35 reward and got only 1x nsfw deck alone, that was the big surprise? that was $105 for 1x nsfw deck plus $32 delivery fees. i want my 5 missing decks and the boxes.
nicholas, if you go to www.explodingkittens.com you can sign up to receive an email notification when it becomes available for purchase.
received mine last week in oregon. game is great, high quality on everything i am impressed and can't wait to play again. the 5 other people i played with loved it too and will be looking for the game when it is available retail!
@chel, creator elan lee about [15:00 8/12/15]  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan
multiple emails only serves to slow everything down for everyone. if you sent an email, your issues will be addressed. there are three people handling thousands of emails. most people are reporting that a response has taken ten or more days to come. hang in there, they'll take care of you.
i know you all are busy but me having to message you over here is kinda annoying me.  i have sent multiple emails to both you and blackbox due to you guys have the wrong zip code on the package and it has been bouncing around since june 29th.  fed ex just told me it will be sent back to you.  i would like some sort of reply on this since multiple emails were sent over a week span of this happening.
thank you for a great game my son, 8, wants me to say he gives it 10/10 even though he was exploded three times this evening.
@mark,  read the reply to @zain below this comment. the same goes for you. just make a specific yet concise subject for the email so it helps them get it figured out sooner. again, you will probably not hear anything from them for a while.  then out if the blue, you may oray bot receive an email with shipping info.
@zain, email them at explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool and at  support@explodingkittens.com, put in the subject of the email that you didn't receive your packing slip and in the body explain your situation. you may or may not receive an email in response, they are really busy, but will get you taken care of.
i have not received a shipping email or the game itself in the mail.  everyone else i know has received their games.  have i done something wrong?  i filled out the survey when it came in, not sure what to do other than wallow in self pity.
@matt you can play any house rules you want, but i'm pretty sure the official rules say that the nope cards do not affect either defuse or exploding kitteh cards. it took us a while to figure out the rules, mostly because we were all too busy reading each of the cards to bother with the rule poster.
i play this with my class of 11 year olds. they cannot get enough of it! a triple nope on a defuse can lift the roof off my classroom with 30 cries of anguish or glee. exceptionally awesome game, thanks elan!
woohoo, kittens have arrived here in kuala lumpur, malaysia!!! however, my box was missing the personal note that was supposed to be inside... anyone else missing that little thank you note? any chance of getting it? really wanted to frame it up!
that's the great opportunity i mentioned. well, someone does rip people's spines out, but it's pretty creepy and sometimes funny.
yeah. overall, i'm looking forward to it. that and the $10k/year raise that comes with it.
gotcha. i still remember when little lz came into the room where i was watching the second season of mk legacy, just in time to see scorpion rip sub zero's head and spinal column off. he reacted better than i thought he would
well now you have to find a person to replace them if they're really going to leave over that, which will be stressful, but other than that seems like a great opportunity.
watch some people play it on youtube. there're some great videos of it and the cutscenes are really creepy. maybe little lz should avoid that game for awhile. but definitely looks like a great game for anyone who already watches r rated movies.
i've only seen trailers for mk x. it looks like a really cool game
this is actually not representative of what it will be like all the time. personnel issues are always going to be the most difficult, but they're fairly rare in my lab
you're just training for the new job so far and it's already that trying? bet you can't wait!
good night and good bye, pot! can't wait to hear about it!!!
i love how people were so uptight about the gory finishing moves in the original games. have you seen the x-ray moves and finishers for mk x?! that stuff is crazy!
g' night cats.  i'm out until monday when i'll have a full report on the forum.  peace.
if it were mk i, i'd agree that shang tsung probably cheats. i was playing mk armageddon, though. shang tsung is just a regular schmuck in that game. i just happened to lose because he was near the top of the enemy list for that fight sequence, and it had been more than a year since i had played
grrr! i haven't even officially started yet, and i'm already going home feeling like i need a stiff drink. this does not bode well, i fear.
he probably does. sub zero is awesome, though i've never played it myself.
*circling back: you know what the dumbest part is? i've gotten approval to hire another fte, so there will be another person to pick up any perceived slack!
damn autocorrect! he thinks shang tsung cheats
indeed. on yet another unrelated note, little lz has decided his two favorite mk characters are sub zero and scorpion (to watch, he hasn't played...yet), and dient tsung cheats.
well, the reboot of dr. who anyways, but you could've figured that out as it's pretty obvious i'm not well over 50.
i was gonna try to start the heists on gta online, but then we started talking here. who knows, i'll likely still do them later. haven't gotten into a show since breaking bad, which i watched more for fun, except for a couple i've been caught up with since they aired. can't wait for the next seasons, primarily of sherlock, which i've been with since the first day it aired, and dr. who, which i have as well.
on an unrelated note, did you know the first two seasons of hannibal are on prime instant video? i know what i'm doing tonight!
no, they're both good employees. the one just doesn't like the other. she thinks she's too slow. but the one being slow doesn't actually affect the other, so it's all silly.
have fun with that situation. was one of them actually worth firing?
good for you for standing up for the other employee!  (unless they're actually really bad)
since three hours ago?  delightful!
i had fun today! one of my employees announced that she's looking for another job because i refuse to fire another one of my employees. yaaaay!
hi lz! how's life since the last time you came on, creeper?
hi, every-body!
oh yeah, they're definitely doing everything they can to keep people happy!  it's a really great team.
well zem, thanks for the lovely hello.
to give you all a clue about how awesome these guys are, do you remember the guy who came on a while back with a link to his fb pics of his exploding kittens that got run over because he accidentally left them om top of his car? i sent him one of my playtest decks. he contacted me today to let me know that he's returning the pt deck because ek sent him a replacement nsfw package. these guys rock! they will do everything in their power to make sure everyone gets their stuff for the price they have already paid!
emily: don't listen to creeper, she hasn't been on much in awhile. btw, creeper, hi! the best i can do for you is email support@explodingkittens.com about this and so far as i've ever heard (not much) they'll refund it. don't quote me on it, but it's definitely worth a shot. also, wait up to 2 weeks for the email; they only have a few people working through thousands of emails, so it's going to take some time. patience pays off.
you're the first that i've heard of this happening, emily.  where are you located?
i received a delivery notice in the mail today from the usps with the tracking number of my kittens game, as supplied by fedex. however, the notice is requesting payment for postage due. has anyone else gotten this notice?
i'm having the same problem tony. i filed a claim to usps, but fedex can't do anything
pot, i don't have anything else to add to the agenda. the only other things i can think of are expansion-related; and they can wait until elan et al aren't crazy busy with ks fulfillment
i didn't get my kittens game, even though i got a shipment email.  why didn't my kittens arrive?  (usps and fedex told me it's not on them...)
haven't been on all day because my brother had the computer the whole time. how's everyone's days going?
guess i'm playing the waiting game.  no kittens and no response from support.  maybe next month...
seriously kc members.  after tonight i'm not going to be able to access the club forum, so if you have stuff you think is important to communicate, get over to the club board and let me know there.
@hb i don't think you're doing it wrong.  the game isn't really a game of chance, it's a game of dealing with that chance. . tbh, more games end with nothing but kittens in the deck than otherwise.
if anyone is having issues with their surprise: http://explodingkittens.com/faq.html
unless i am missing something i find the ending of the game to be very anticlimactic.  it often is no mystery as to where the last kitten card is.
i got m copy. i played it and it was awesome!  ill send u a free meeple if u join my @thunderclap free 2 donate a post 4 our #rpg click "support" at this link - http://bit.ly/thndr_bnb
first day in a week we didn't play....
@traci, did you give tacocat enough light? if that doesn't work, you may need to adjust the sensor. good luck!
my box stopped meowing the second day. :(
....totally worth it
....fine, but only if i get your first born to be a slave in the mines....the old herd is dying off.
nope, gm! i'm keeping mine!
awhhh... so sweet!
wait.....what?
oh sure, when i'm trying to deal with the stupidity of people you all decide to talk. fine then, i see how it is. i'll be taking all my flannel sleeves back then.
try this one creeper: 9gag.com/gag/abr2znz don't let them go!
scrunchie meows and yells at me when i take to long to get the food.  the new kittens are learning to meow at me.  one kinda whispers and then backs off.  another walks up to me, hisses and just stares.  doesn't quite get the concept yet.
that's worth breaking the silence.  that is so fantastic.
we are all of us dumb kittens
*this*: http://9gag.com/gag/azvmlym
*shrugs*
oh, sorry. *whispers* what are we waiting for?
*ssshhhhhh*
what are we waiting for?
*creeps into the corner and waits*
shhhh!
quiet day in here today it seems.
@jeff buckner, indeed we do!
@lord zombitten, ha! that is funny to see another buckner, we are a rare breed. but evidently we all have good taste.
suggestion for a future card addon to the deck would include some thing that can reverse the direction of play like uno has the reverse cards. right now an optional rule can allow playing a pair the option of getting a card or reversing the direction of play.
just got the kittens in singapore! love the personalized delivery message and the surprise :)
morning corp. how is everyone today?
good morning all... shipping confirmation received in mexico... have a great day...
g' mornin' all.
good morning corps!
@ashley, this is from yesterday: creator elan lee about 5 hours ago  hey guys,  we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors)  thanks!  elan if you have already sent an email to that address, just please try to be patient. there are only three people going through all those emails, everytime you send another, or a why didn't you answer me email, it will just take them longer to help everyone.  don't worry, they'll get you your kittens soon!
dear sirs, i have now played three games of exploding kitten with my friends and, despite being completely satisfied with the product as well as the project experience, during the last game, my head exploded from having too much fun.  i would like a refund processed immediately. * - please excuse spelling errors as i have no head.
i still have not received my shipping confirmation or the shipment. other friends in my area have received their games. please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
soft wookie warm wookie great big ball of fur hairy wookie angry wookie grrr grrr grrr
@cha! congratulations on teh kittehs!!
soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr...boomzzz awesome job guys :)
good morning all!
kittens have arrived in singapore! love the box, cards and the surprise!
got mine today!! they are cat-spectacular! :) and the finishing touch.. the extra something really blew my mind. nice one guys!! really well done and great finish and presentation. now time to blow up!
just got tracking number from blackbox for delivery to malaysia. expect to receive the ek in 5 days time. can't wait.
just got mine from indonesia thx exploding kittens it took 2 weeks not bad at all
cha!! how are you? long time no see!
i got my box full of exploding kittens (after two failed usps delivery attempts who tried to deliver after business hours to a business address!) i need to get my box home now so i can open it together with my eagerkitties. hope all are well and all is well!
just got mine, pretty good looking cards.
you guys are amazing! got my specialgift with my order and just love it! a huge thanks for this awesome game! regards, marc
creator elan lee about 5 hours ago hey guys, we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors) thanks! elan
they don't always respond and they only have a few people working through thousands of emails, so it often takes more than a week. please be patient with them.
@madjo:  i never heard back from blackbox, and i sent two emails to ek.  took about ten days to get a response.
also, @elan, for the love of kittens, make that an official kickstarter update. these comment sections move very quickly. within the next day that comment of yours is on page 5, and no one will scroll back that far.
@logan, i've been waiting on a response for over a week now. blackbox didn't respond, and the ek team didn't either. i did send them another email just now, but i'm not holding my breath on this one.
just wanted to let those waiting for an email response that it will happen.  just got mine from support@explodingkittens.com saying that  my package should ship in a week or two.  this alleviates some of the anxiety for my poor kittens.
@brian creator elan lee about 2 hours ago hey guys, we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors) thanks! elan
so... hey you... oat meal team..    how do i get my box back from ya'll since the stupid shippers got my address all screwed up and sent it back to ya'll..... i'm so pissed at fed ex or usps...    any ideas... i really want my box.
stream the whole thing on twitch or something.
okay, i'm jealous
honestly zem, it's about two thirds luck and one third being willing to take a shot.  it just happened that i was going to be in town this weekend.  i contacted the team to ask for some help on another issue and mentioned the fact, elan suggested it.
i feel bad to write this considering all the folks who are having problems getting their kittens, but i just got a full second shipment of the game and only backed at the $35 level--this shipment doesn't have the uber cool packing slip the 1st one did however.
@pot: you want to fly me down to l.a to join in? please? aside from that, sounds good. i would post there, but forgot all my information for it...need to find it again.
how do you keep doing this, pot?!
kc members.  new post on the club board, you're going to want to check it out.
along with kickstarter messaging and facebook,  i also would throw in that tweeting them about you issues would fall in deaf ears.
really, @bob?  8 comments before yours elan the creator popped in with exactly what you are asking for. but because scrolling down is too hard, here you go. creator elan lee about 2 hours ago hey guys, we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus. we have too many inboxes! if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook. instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible. (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors) thanks! elan
hail!  hail!  for the creator came and layeth his wisdom upon us!
never got my confirmation email, & thus never got my box delivered...meanwhile, my roommate got his like everyone else i know did.
received ek today and absolutely loved the surprise!! ron, on the other hand, went into red alert mode: https://boardgamegeek.com/image/2624821/stinkatron5000
@timothi, you should not have been charged, heck, i live in canada and i wasn't charged a thing.  i think the posty got you man!
timothi, first off, they didn't "make" any money whatsoever off of this. nobody became rich. second, they tried not to make anyone pay shipping, so as far as i know, contact support and see if you can get the fee refunded which so far as i know is a viable option.
@elan, thank you! it always makes us feel better hearing from you!
just got my box delivered. had to pay the mailman 5.90 for the postage fees.  the money isn't the issue,  just the fact that you guys made me pay for shipping. kinda sad that all the money you guys made off us backers and yet i still had to pay for shipping.
totally understand, still disappointed; sounds like folks are having fun.  i just forwarded my original email to blackbox support as recommended below.
the creator hath spoken!
hey guys, we're still hard at work and want to get all the issues sorted out quickly, so we need your help to focus.  we have too many inboxes!  if you need to contact us, please do not message us on kickstarter or facebook.  instead, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com, and we'll get your issues addressed as quickly as possible.  (plus then we get to use a real mail system with labels, routing, keyboard shortcuts, and pretty colors) thanks! elan
thanks micah "zem the mattress" philson and lord zombitten, that makes sense!
sean: there are some problems with this many orders as you'd expect trying to ship nearly a million decks could cause. if you contacted explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool then please be patient as even without the tons of extra "why haven't you responded" emails, which they don't respond to, they only have a few people working on thousands of emails like yours. they may not respond, but i'd give them about 2 weeks or more just to be safe.
ordered four standard packs and received four nsfw decks; packing sheet confirms order. emailed last week and haven't heard anything back.  anyone want to trade?  disappointed for sure.
to clarify, player 3 has to draw 2 cards, since (s)he was the victim of an attack bedot his/her attack was noped
aaaw, tep! why can't my kitty beg like that instead of just "meaow. meeeoooww!!!!!! meow!" and looking like she wants to see us all dead unless she's fed in the next 1.3875 minutes?
steven: 1 attacked 2 attacked, sending the turn to 3 3 attacked 1 1 noped 3's move, so now it goes back to 3 as his turn. the attack ends your turn and any affiliation with the next one. 3 now has to end his turn like normal or can use another nope or attack to send it back to 1.
http://9gag.com/gag/aepajrp - for creeper's kittens!
great game and quality everything. superb job!
hi, i received my cards yesterday and just played a few rounds of this great game :-) !. i have a question about one of these rounds a bit similar to ct_dave's question. we where playing with three players. player 1 played an attack card, player 2 also played an attack card, player 3 also played an attack card, player 1 played a nope card. who's turn is it now and how much cards does this player need to draw.
sweet! got an email from ek, filled out the damage report, and they are sending me a new deck! thank you! :)
well, i sent the admins to hunt down their managers to get the approvals. and now i've sent it to the regional managers for them to go over and let me know if they approve.
didn't you say you needed those before 10 am or else you got to fry some fools?
yay, i get lunch at a somewhat normal hour today...all because i'm waiting on approvals. -.-
trinkets, all but a defuse card and obviously an exploding kitten. it can even stop from the 5 different card set if you get it down quick enough.
don't have the rules in front if me, but i believe a nope stops a player from discarding a pair and the other special actions too.
stalvos, premature detonation? i don't know, they trained these kittens well. if you emailed support, please be patient. a 10 day wait for a response is normal as they have thousands of emails and only a few people working through them. also, please don't email them wondering why they haven't responded because that just adds to the mess. just be patient and if after i'd say 2 weeks of no response, then panic at the disco and send them a new email request. explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
no box.  no e-mail from support about my missing kittens.  perhaps they exploded in transit?
player 1 has to draw because the attack card was noped so it's like it wasn't even played (still discarded though).
anything but an exploding kitten or a defuse. unless you modify it to your own rules.
ahhh . . . .  thanks. so you can nope anything?? i didn't know you could use it against someone's "see the future".
unless, of course, you have another nope to make a yep! or another attack to hit him again. i've gotten someone in the very end in a heated battle that went something like "attack! nope! yep! nope! yep! nope! attack! dang it!"
the attack card is nullified and so player one must continue his round as if you noped a see the future or something. just that action is ended, so the rest of the turn proceeds as normal.
i have a rules question, please let me know if this isn't the place for these. ok, three players . . . player one plays an action card that forces player two to draw twice. but player two slaps down a nope. does player one then have to draw as usual or does play continue to player three? thank you!
whoa, checked the dropbox top commenters thing on a whim and noticed cha! and bakhan both have 1946 comments! must've been a good year.
trust me, it's worth the hassle, though the hassle is stupid and unnecessary. i'm glad it worked great for most people, but i hope there is help for when it goes wrong as in your case. i really hope my memory serves me well in that refund! don't quote me on it, but totally worth a shot if you ask me.
to be fair, it wasn't fedex's fault, it's more usps. but more information would be greatly appreciated.    i work one city over from where i live and my post office resides, so this entire dance that the usps is making me do angers me greatly. i'm on my third case number in their ticketing system in regards to this magical blue box containing kittens of the explosive variety.
guys, i'm right, right? am i crazy or did someone mention that they'd refund you if that happened because it wasn't supposed to be like that and they wanted us all to get them as promised. help me out; i'm just one mattress against the neverending mighty hordes of people who got screwed by fedex.
anna, that's happened before, but for most of us, we didn't have to pick up the charge. but i think someone said last time it came up to contact explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool and they'll refund it because they want everyone to get their games like they promised. however, be forewarned; they have thousands of emails to deal with and only 3 crew members to do it, so a full week or easily more is a common wait time. please don't keep emailing them asking why they haven't responded to your email yet because that just makes it take longer. i'd say if you don't get a response in 2 weeks, then look for recourse inlcuding emailing again.
this just in. usps now wants me to pay $8.90 to pick up my ek from the post office because fedex smart post does not forward without charge. we were misinformed.    i'm now at my wit's end dealing with this entire shipping process. either the package gets returned to sender or i take an hour+ off of my work day to stand in line at the post office and fork over money for shit i wasn't responsible for.
i am really impressed with tje quality of this product!  amazing job guys!  i love it! :)
after i got mine, i played over 30 games in the first 3 days! most of those were at coffee shops over long periods of time with my brothers, which i found to be a great way to play.
so i have been playing this for a week now and it hasn't gotten old yet! my family was in town last weekend and we played with the normal deck and it was fantastic but then we had some friends over after they left and played the nsfw deck. no one could stop laughing! it was the most fun we have had in a long time (and we like to have fun)! thanks for a great game!
i think the nsfw deck is alot like cah in that you can just whip it out in public at any time with little to no repercussion unless family is involved. these are great games for just carrying around for an opportunity where you have like 20 minutes and 1-4 friends.
i do have to say that i am actually surprised how well my gaming group likes exploding kittens. we usually do some of the heavier games and not much for the lighter fare. caverna, stone age, eldritch horror, firefly, nations, descent, imperial assault, viceroy...etc. it just goes to show that with a well designed game, fantastic artwork, and some off the wall humor, that everyone should love this game.
@rené, if you purchased the nsfw $35.00 tier, then yes. you should have received two boxes, one red with the regular deck, and one black with the nsfw deck. if you only opted for the $20 regular deck, then no. you would only get the red box with the one regular deck in it.
... let me look that up... nsfw expanded... nsfw its own standalone game... deluxe boxes... super secret surprise in boxes... nope, nothing about an extra free deck. you can check the goals on the campaign and updates pages. i don't see anything about that.
hi all, wasn't it one of the stretch goals, that we all will reveive two decks??? i don't get an answer from the team, so i ask the fans ;)
welcome back everyone.
dang, lz, i just googled it and copied it from a facebook response on their page, so i feel sorry for the people i copied it from. when i got back, i took a nap so i wouldn't feel tired all today, but it seems to have done what all naps do and made me feel way more tired.
yes, it is likely to be a current message for some time based on the posts i've seen. :::sigh:::
good morning all! @pot,  i haven't changed the time on elan's post because that would be too much work, lol. the message is still current for the issues some backers are experiencing.
good morning corps!
i know the feeling, gm. i also get the feeling i'm going to have to calm a storm when i get to work
no, zem! the blackbox email is explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
also, good morning kittens.
feels like just 12 hours ago i left the office....and now i'm back. even though it has been just under 13 hours since i left.
for clarity's sake, elan's comment was about two days ago. g' morning kittens.
for those who may have missed elan's comment -  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago  hey guys!  over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you!  if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you.  help us help you get your exploding kittens asap!  (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap)  elan
mission accomplished: night conquered with nothing more than a pot and a half of coffee, at least one large theater cup of water, 3 wintergreen lifesavers, a small handfull of m&ms, and a bag of popcorn since about 12 hours ago. now for coffee and donuts!  i was hoping to finish the second pot of coffee and then have more at the donut shop, but i think due to lack of actual food, i couldn't handle much more coffee without feeling sick. now today i'm going to want to play strategic games like battle for middle earth, but am going to be dead from tonight. oh well, that's what it was like when we got the game to work, it's only alot harder now.
elegia and thomas, contact explodingkittens@support.blackbox . and allow for like 10 days for an answer; they have tens of thousands of comments and 3 people to go through them all. also, don't keep emailing them why you haven't gotten a response email. that just makes it worse. if you don't get a response in like 2 weeks, then panic.
i came back from vacation to find my kittens waiting for me on my desk as work. i have to say that they are fantastic and i love them. can't wait to play with them.
i was on vacation and my package was returned to the sender, im pretty sure it was this package. could you send it to me again?
i still don't have my kittens. have i failed to do something? i'm sure i answered all the questions i was asked. please tell me what's missing. looking forward to massive explosions!
they did say that in the updates, jo. and just be patient; a good 98% estimated success rate still means possibly up to 5,000 people who didn't get theirs, and only 3 people working through their 10 emails a day asking why their other 10 emails weren't answered. it's an uphill both ways battle.
but what if i had already sent an email to the support email address a week ago, and haven't received a word in reply yet? also, why didn't elan post it as an update instead of a comment here, which is so fast moving that people are bound to miss it? (in fact, if i hadn't scrolled back and seen eric baumgarten's comment near the bottom of the page, i'd never have known)
that's a good idea, but it'd also be tough for them. maybe they should have a "hold on to your high horses' hats" would be nice just to warn of the wait.
if it's going to take a week, i'd be happy with an autoreply!  i don't mind waiting, but knowing it hasn't just been piped to /dev/null would be nice.
well, my brother quit out on the allnighter, but i'm still here el guapo!
lz, my cah game on pretendyoure.xyz is still open. come join! you know you want to!
yeah, tim, 3 support people to handle tens of thousands of emails. please be patient.
oh wow, congratulations, lz!
a week ago; 5/08.
tim, when did you email support? it has taken several people here ten or more days to get a response because of the crazy large number of emails the ek team is getting.
zem, i'm beinh promoted to laboratory manager at the clinic where i work
hi guys, i've tried posting here, i've also tried emailing support@explodingkittens.com - in both cases, no response whatsoever. i've received no surveys, no updates via email after update #21 (19/04), no shipping confirmation, and also haven't received any product yet. since email has fallen on dead ears, what can i do?
wait, new job? what's that?
on another note, come join my cah game at pretendyoure.xyz ! the first server.
nah, they'll understand. plenty of coffee to help keep you awake! and the best donuts and mediocre coffee await those who withstand the heat of this dang room, jeez, i need a fan!
perhaps, but i'm in training for my new job. it's kind of important that i show up well rested and alert
work is for pussies. and it's tomorrow whereas fun awaits tonight! you don't need sleep to go to work! just nap over your lunch break or something. ;)
i would also enjoy that, zem, but i have to go to work in the morning
though overdrawn at the memory bank would give it a run for its money. as well as the one about the witches i forget the title of. and at least one more i can think of but not enough to describe.
space mutiny is one of my favorite mst3ks!
@zem, i would love to. but..... i just finished a 3 hour chunk of diablo 3 followed by some mst3k space mutiny. time for bed. goodnight all.
well, everyone, pulling another all-nighter just for fun, but this time i'll be on here hopefully until morning even if nobody else is. riddle "hour", anyone?! just watching titansgrave now, but i'll be doing online cards against humanity, battle for middle earth, maybe some omegle chats to mess with people and make a new friend, and ending it all early in the morning for a donut run with my brother to the place with literally the best donuts i've ever had in my wide and varied experience. anyone want to stay up and accompany me on this adventure? i'm thinking a group cards against humanity game! we should do it!
hi, creeper! i mentioned earlier you should come on! it would've been funnier there, but hi nonetheless!
seriously! when the nuts have i ever typed nikki on this phone? never! (before now, anyway)
damn autocorrect!!
nikki creeper!
@rogue, i would feel the same way! if you emailed them then they will get on it.  it may take a while, but they will, try not to worry. :) good luck!
got an empty box today from blackbox. :( i emailed them, is there anything else i should do? i'm even more anxious than i was when it shipped.
hiiii kittens!
3 games of ek is definitely less taxing than 3 games of bowling. i use a 15 lb ball. ow.
just back from "game night" at the local gamer hang out.  someone brought in his personal copy of ek to play.  he had put both the std. and nsfw decks together for play with five people.  it took a while, but it worked and it was fun!
i got a reply from blackbox about international shipping (i'm from malaysia) hey, alex. we don't have tracking for international orders. sorry! if you don't see your package by the end of the month, let us know and we'll get you sorted asap. t.t
gm, i never said you could! get back there now!
way to go romar
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay! received in jamaica (i shipped to miami and used a courier)! can't wait to play! my friends are so psyched :d.
i finally can...just finished sending out the last of the emails for approval...with a high importance, and if they don't get back to me before 10am tomorrow, i will get their site admins to hunt them down for me. need them approvals to keep the guys who earn the money to pay them to approve things happy.
@gm, go home already!
can i go home yet? t.t
i say we start up that selling mountain air thing again. it was pretty successful., "there's a sucker born every minute." -not p.t. barnum, but it was said.
stupid ebayers. sellers for trying to make a quick buck. also the buyers for just throwing money at them
this would be the perfect time for someone known as "creeper" to come in. but she's not a 40 year old man  receiving kittens. also, nope, didn't work.
alright i'm off to deliver kittens to a very excited 40 something year old man.  i'm not sure how i feel about that.
huh.  i think there are a lot of greedy a$$holes on ebay.  i think a lot of them are going to be disappointed in how much money they get too.
curious on everyone else's thoughts on the mass amounts of sets for sale on ebay
do you see the thread zem?  if not it didn't work.
i am about to deliver four full sets of kittens to a game master who runs an open game night in the banquet room of a very large concert venue/bar.  i don't want to let them go.  i want them all for myself.
shit, lemme try again. ... ok, how about now?
zem. if you're looking for fair you picked the wrong plane of existence.
that's right! mwaaahaaahaaahahahahaha!
well that's no fair. i had to search out the thousand virgin kittens. you could just summon some dead ones and see if they died recently enough to have blood still. probably just stole some of all of our kills, too.
it's all magic, dude. remember: i'm a necromancer
isn't that a requirement for the passwords? i'm pretty sure i would've seen it. besides, how do you know on the forum when i won't be on here? that's the really confusing part. i've been on sometimes for hours straight with little or no company and then go somewhere for one or two and come back to pages of back-log.
that's why i said it's a hidden thread. you have to bathe in the blood of a thousand virgin kittens before you can see the thread
lz, what forum? you do realize i've been the most present both here and the forum? i see both every day-ish, and it turns red for a new comment anywhere in the forum... is there a new forum i should know about? do you still need the blood of our enemies for a password?
damn autocorrect. it's a hidden thread. *sips from chicken cup
@lz, shhhh, you're giving it all away... ;)
@nancy,  for those who may have missed elan's comment -  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago  hey guys!  over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you!  if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you.  help us help you get your exploding kittens asap!  (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap)  elan in other words, as long as you have emailed them, they are fixing your issue. lots of emails are just slowing you getting your kittens down. just sit back, relax, and wait for your box of goodness to arrive.
yes, zem, it's all just to mess with you. we have a bidden thread on the forum where we coordinate it all.
i haven't received my kittens yet. i feel so left out!
and i can never predict the comments here. there'll be nothing for hours and then suddenly just one maybe two hours of comments galore. do you guys schedule this or something?
what kind of animal do you think he'll fall in love with, lz?  also, come check out the henry doorly zoo. nothing whatsoever in nebraska. other than the best zoo in the world. seriously, it only has competition from like one japanese zoo.
@gm, what are you doing for halloween?  i could always ask my sister in law to bring some of her hot nurse friends..
they'll take good care of you at the zoooo!
or you could meet a girlfriend at the zoo
@lz: only when they don't get back to me with the information to pay the guys that earn the money that is used to pay them. @bakhan: i should go to the zoo sometime...eventually....maybe when i get a girlfriend.
@gm, no sharks at the zoo... bunch of fake dinos though...
yeah. gotta love that movie
happy gilmore, sorta quote...
what...no!
@lz, i eat bigger turds than you for breakfast! you eat turds for breakfast?
so, you wring people's necks at lunch?
finally...lunch has been had...now back to not wringing peoples necks.
@bakhan: except the zoo...i think. been years since i've been there.
@gm, we're going to need a bigger boat!  wasn't that from a few years ago?  also for anyone else who doesn't know why its funny, the only rivers in calgary are from glacial melt off (damn cold out of the tap, even in summer) , so unless there are some freshly thawed sharks out there, pretty sure we're shark free in calgary... ;)
received my kittens last week in portugal! @creator -> being a regular ks backer i have to say this was by far the best ks project ever. thanks for the "surprise" reaaly top notch! im gonna miss you updates!
lesson learned, tep: never go anywhere near water. don't trust anyone or anything on top of the water, even and especially if it looks like a big yellow duck.
http://9gag.com/gag/aznyao6
sorry, i kept refreshing and it didn't show my first post.
@keri for those who may have missed elan's comment -  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago  hey guys!  over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you!  if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you.  help us help you get your exploding kittens asap!  (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap)  elan so, email this address once with a descriptive yet concise subject, sit back, and wait for kittens to arrive. repeated emails will only slow them down. they are working to fix you issues.
@keri for those who may have missed elan's comment -  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago  hey guys!  over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you!  if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you.  help us help you get your exploding kittens asap!  (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap)  elan in other words, as long as you have emailed them, they are fixing your issue.  lots of emails are just slowing you getting your kittens down. just sit back, relax, and wait for your box of goodness to arrive.
hi again, tep! don't worry, no risk of spoilers anymore. it's safe to come back. oh, gm, i thought you meant one of the people famous for those incidents, not something from where you're from. that's more like how it's illegal to hunt whales in nebraska. seriously. it is. so don't you dare transport a whale all the way, more than 1,000 miles, to nebraska hoping to get out of protection laws, we'll still hang your ass. or whatever the penalty is, i forget.
good to be back for a change. although i might need to go to bed soon. good news! the jungle gym has been assembled. will get some pics onto the forum in the week.
hi, i have repeatedly emailed you about not receiving my exploding kittens game. the only way i could find to contact you was to respond to emails i'd gotten from you, but i'm not sure if you check those. please help!!!
hello again all.  i had to run out and check on the new house site. hiya tep!  long time.  gm good to see you also.
@trinkets: the entire article is satire, saying all use of the river is prohibited. we are a land locked province.
hola, tep
@gm,  even though i have an odd sense of humor, i am not sure how funny that is.
hi kittens!
gm, ha...ha?
@bakhan: did you hear the one about a guy being attached by a shark on the river? and having lost a limb, and gotten 285 stitches? funny stuff.
ah, good... noon. i love summer.
@anna, sorry to hear that!  hopefully it gets fixed up for you soon!
day 11. still no kittens. i'm starting to get the shakes. the usps is on my "to be cursed" list. (yes i've emailed the correct parties. still sucks that the package was delivered the day after i turned my keys in and my lease ended. and that mail forwarding failed.)
blarg, i can't wait until december. get a new messenger bag at that time.
@lupin, for those who may have missed elan's comment -  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago  hey guys!  over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you!  if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you.  help us help you get your exploding kittens asap!  (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap)  elan also, this might be just as applicable. . send an email to support@explodingkittens.com. in the subject line put "help, i just moved", then in the body of the email explain what's going on. please keep it as short as possible, they're getting a lot of emails. i hope this helps. just make sure you are very specific in tour subject. that way they can get it fixed quickly.
morning @gm. @bakhan, glad to hear things sounding good for the ol' poochie
hi i moved in august and just remembered i never got your package... how can i change the address? (it's a couple of streets away so don't panic) thanks!
good morning gm!
morning kittens.
thanks, bakhan
this is for those of you who like to travel, or want to travel, or want to like to travel, but hate lugging luggage through airports. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1118911480/modobag-changing-the-way-the-world-travels…
got my package today, love the little surprise that followed!
@trinkets, he's healing up well!  i felt so bad having to take him in for a second surgery after only three weeks, but it needed to be done.  he will get the stiches out next week and hopefully start his first round of chemo.  i just want to give him the best chance at life that i can.  he's always been there for me, the least i can do is return the favor.  if he wouldn't have done so well with the first one, i wouldn't have done this one.  but, he did, and so now hopefully we can move on.  oh, and for the record, he didn't even flinch at the surprise, he was all like, i know thats not a real cat!
howdy bakhan,  how i'd your dog doing? howdy pot. @richard, so do i.
good morning pot!
really hoping to get mine by friday :)
good morning all.
@lz, congrats! i knew you'd get it!
good morning trinkets!
good morning all!
found mine in my mailbox today. really nice box and cool surprise
just got mine, and holy shit guys. above and beyond on the packaging ^_^
super happy to have my package and grateful that this project delivered everything it promised.
i got it! its awesome!!!!! thanks mnau
just received the game here in hong kong.  when i showed the game to a colleague of mine, she literally screamed as she was caught by surprise.  i couldn't stop laughing. can't wait to play the game!  thanks!
morning kittens!
i agree. good night
on that note - it's sleepy time. for those who may have missed elan's comment -  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago hey guys! over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you! if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you. help us help you get your exploding kittens asap! (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap) elan
i got too busy about the time he started. it's only going to get worse. i still need to find time to finish editing my book, but can't seem to do that.
awhhh.  it's ok.  i was watching them all when he first started.  then i got too busy!  :(
i've been a bad zombie kitty... i've never seen any of them :-(
i need to catch up on uncle bruce's story time!
i still can't believe how quickly you pulled that off. that was amazing!
i totally understand both sentiments. i've gotten better at getting up early, but i've had the last six months to practice.
sidebar - everytime i hear "jump in the line" i have stop-motion flashbacks. :)
and i'm trying to get used to waking up early.  oof.
i understand.  i'm going through this stress of wanting to prove myself worthy of the job, but still learning the kitchen, trying new recipes, etc.  i think i'm putting more pressure on myself than necessary, but i just want to do a good job!!
really, though, i'm much more focused on learning how to do my new job. the current manager has been manager longer than gis predecessors, and he's only been doing it for just over three years. i want to beat his record, but i'll certainly have my work cut out for me.
hiya mitchell - did you try opening it in the sunlight?  that can help it.  i hope it's not entirely broken!
ya got the game finally after a few shipping mishaps. however a bit bummed the super secret surprise in my game box was broken on delivery :(.
good enough!
i'm happy that she's happy....
are you as excited?
they're doing well, mostly. mrs lz is excited about her mom moving here from dc this weekend.
how are the rest of the zombitten family?
you're welcome
huzzah!  and i got the email lz!  thanks!
yay! that's the sort of party i get to look forward to. i start being the lab manager on the 24th.
almosy.  :)  i was talking to a coworker about how i have a bad habit of passing out like... mid-getting ready for sleep.  i've woken up with tv on, lights on, half dressed and holding an english muffin in my hand with two bites.  because i'm a classy lady.  have also woken up to my shoes in the sink....so...
@greyskye - the twitter account for exploding kittens is quite busy and they respond to many many tweets on a daily basis.  as well as other forms of social media, etc. they're great folks, super busy, and overwhelmed.  we're all happy to help!  i hope you get your personal response from them soon.
sorry i disappeared again!  got settled in.  i have yet to be able to play my new decks!  wah-wah.. saaad.   but - am having fun (also stressful) time being a pastry chef.  i'm working an insane amount of hours.  hope the kitten corps is doing well.  thanks for keeping people informed.
i gotta say, it's kinda cool to run into another buckner in here. it's not a very common name in my experience. my last name is buckner.
@creeper, i'm not passed out yet. almosy
lord zombitten, yeah! i didn't buy more because we were strapped for cash at the time, but now that we've played it a few times being limited to 5 is a bit of a pain at parties. was looking to order another deck but seems you can't do that just yet.�
@greyskye.  i am not usually this prolific, or available, but there has been a lot of trouble of late and i am the only one who has had physical proximity to any of the team who is not, in fact, part of the team. i'm sorry you are dissatisfied with the amount and/or quality of customer support you are receiving, but perhaps you really don't understand the scope or depth of the project, like for instance the fact that it is in very real terms a 24/7 endeavor due to its worldwide participation.  the social media director is also the first tier custom support person.  trust me, she is working crazy hours.  the team has never spent huge amounts of time here holding individual backers hands and answering their questions.  why?  i don't know, maybe they also have lives, maybe they trust that people with access to a credit card are also adult enough to read and follow instructions.  i couldn't really tell you.  i can tell you they are not turning their backs on anyone, they do not take any of this casually, and they are doing the best they know how, particularly given what they expected this thing to be versus what it turned in to. if you have sent them an email, they have received it.  they may not send you an email in return, but rather will simply try to solve your issue, i don't really know how they are handing that.  i do know that they are drowning in emails at the moment.  try to be patient.  try to have faith.
jeff, i know, right? if i had the $350 to spare, i would have ordered ten more sets
i really should have orders more decks. like 10 more, because this game is damn fun.
thanks, greyskye.
@lord zombitten - poft must just be on my typical time frequency then as it's his name that i usually see when i peep in here :) still, i completely applaud all of you pitching in! i hope however that the ek team grovel & compensate appropriately for the hundreds of hours of service you & others have given, it's very very valuable. considering the general silence from ek (no official updates etc), without the constant effort of diffusion that the kc have been doing the last 10 days, the shipping mishaps could have had very different results for this project. kudos to you lot, really!
creeper! did you get the secret email i sent you?
greyskye, while powers of tesla has been doing a lot of it the last few days, all of us in the kitten corps have been doing a lot of the kickstarter customer service. we don't get paid; we just like to help and have the time to spare. we get the thanks of the ek team for making their lives easier.
and to repost what Élan said very recently:  creator elan lee about 4 hours ago  hey guys!  over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you!  if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you.  help us help you get your exploding kittens asap!  (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap)  elan
@trinkets -you may be passed out by now- but i applaud your drunk typing+drunk phone commentary
hi kittens!
@rebecca harkey - i had that exact thing happen to me about 10 days ago. i sent an email in to blackbox and got a response today asking for specifics (which were included in the first email i sent, but never mind) - hopefully i can report a sealed replacement box soon. send them an email, and patiently wait, seems to be the current advice!
@powers of tesla - yes i was delighted to hear from them! question, do you work for the team? otherwise i find it pretty weird and disappointing that you're the one basically handling kickstarter customer service and not their social media director (even if you did have a delightful lunch with her) - you're doing an amazing job trying to keep fallout over shipping mishaps to minimum, but while i completely admire you, i am disappointed that it feels like the kickstarter otherwise got a bit abandoned after the 30th by elan lee and the social media person. i would honestly expect them to be the ones busting chops keeping it updated. it's certainly possible i missed your appointment of kitten service manager, in which case i take back everything i said above and apologize. i hope you're at least getting some kind of kickback for the fantastic full-time job you're doing wrangling us commentators. kinks in shipping with a project of this scale are totally expected, but transparent communication goes a long way to making things better. salut!
now it's time to see if my diablo 3 skills are as good as my typing skills are.  booyah!!
@lz, yeah,  i think my drunk phone + drunk me = respectable typing.
@trinkets you type amazingly well for one who is as drunk as your phone usually is
@tyler cahoon.  send an email to support@explodingkittens.com. in the subject line put "no shipping email", then in the body of the email explain what's going on. please keep it as short as possible, they're getting a lot of emails. i hope this helps.
wow, i'm as drunk as my phone usually is!!  after a tough day of work, it looks like i over did it on the brandy old fashioneds.
@tyler, this was posted here earlier today by the creator, elan lee creator elan lee about 4 hours ago hey guys! over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you! if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you. help us help you get your exploding kittens asap! (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap) elan
haven't received an tracking yet. how do i go about check the status?
i mean, i waited 6 days to play, but i cracked them puppies(kittens, lol) open right away!
@gm. wait a minute. .... you have gotten your decks, but haven't looked at them yet?
it's not easy....thankfully i have other things to keep me busy until games night.
wow, gm! i wouldn't be able to do that
@trinkets: i wouldn't...until i actually looked at the cards. waiting for cards night before i do so...and no telling when that will be. the anticipation of the surprise, and the cards themselves, is killing me.
@val, we would all be broke if they made plush animals of the ones on the cards, lol.
love this game!  got the deck 8-1.  constructive criticism, the card stock could have been better.  after 6=8 rounds there is already noticeable wear.  any chance small stuffed plushies will be coming for some of the card characters? if so, take my cash!
@patricia, thanks for posting!  there is hope people!
to everyone complaining about not getting their rewards yet.  i just now got my survey link.
yay, got the cards. too bad no one to play it with :p
way to throw gasoline on the fire, ramon.
good news! i have my copy. everything is allright!! i´m gonna play my first game right now. thanks guys!!!
@roger, i'll bite, what further communication would you like to see?  they have acknowledged that the email load they are bearing is huge, and that they are working through it, and they have asked for patience.  they let us know that production was happening, when it would be finished, and when it was shipping out.  i'm not sure what else you would like to see.  if you have already emailed them at support@explodingkittens.com you will get a reply, they are not ignoring you.
@roger mann  if you would have scrolled down the page, you would have seen the communication in the form of the creator, elan lee, right in here in this very comments section. so i reposted it so you can see it without having to do all the work of scrolling down. constructive criticism is always welcome. whining bitches aren't welcome. and i'm not implying that you are a whiney bitch.
creator elan lee about 4 hours ago hey guys! over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you! if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you. help us help you get your exploding kittens asap! (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap) elan
to all the people saying "calm down, they invested the time to make this game, so chill"...i invested money: am i not entitled to at least the bare minimum of communication? or are the ek team exempt from all criticism because they seem cool?
i got the box, and there was no game in it.  anyone else have that problem?
@matt, they are currently being overwhelmed with emails.  best thing to do is just wait, they will get to it as soon as they can!
many of my friends have already received their ek more than 10+ days ago all of them got a notification prior to shipping.  i have not received a shipping notification from blackbox.  i have checked my spam folder on multiple occasion, no notifications.  i have emailed both blackbox support and ek last ween w/o response.  i understand that there is limited people to answer all the emails, so it may take some time for them to get to me, but i thought i'd try here to see if anyone else has any insight. thanks, matt
@jordan, um have you read the rules yet?  there need to be repeat cards, no repeats, no pairs...  and last time i checked, most of the nsfw cards are not safe for my work place, i guess it depends where and with whom you work.
did i go all yesterday without posting here? because i pulled an all-nighter, so that would be weird. darn you, gta!!! why do you have to be so fun?!?! and now we finally got battle for middle earth running again, so even less time here!
got mine last week.  great game!  just a little disappointed on the number of repeat cards and how safe for work the "nsfw" deck was.
on saturday i had an extended lunch and conversation with the effervescent and delightful bella, social media director of the ek team. fear not those of you with problems/troubles/challenges with receiving your decks. the creative team hears your cries of woe! they are receiving hundreds of emails daily, many from the same people multiple times a day. most of those say things like "i emailed you 3 hours ago and i haven't heard back yet, what's going on?" or words to that effect, although not necessarily so politely worded. there are three people handling emails before kicking them up the line to elan, shane or matt when required. again three people are handling the entire email load. back off a little, give them some space and some time. be patient. the team is committed to getting every single backer every single thing they have paid for and they will not rest until everything they can do has been done. they are working insane hours (primarily due to the worldwide nature of the phenomenon that is exploding kittens. many of the emails they are getting are from people for whom english is not their primary or secondary language. they are trying. again, patience. as long as you are sending your emails to the correct address they are being read and when time allows they are being responded to. sending multiple emails saying the exact same things, or asking why you haven't heard anything back yet is not helping you or them. cool your jets. scroll down about 16-20 comments for a message from project creator elan lee.
mine has arrived in canada! and hello to brad sergent, i received your custom order letter in my package instead of my own! i know where you live~
@greyskye.  thank you!  it's good to hear that they are making progress and getting back to you.
@rob n: there is a mark on the face of each card. it's in the lower left corner. the nsfw cards say nsfw. the standard cards say 1st edition
i just got contact from blackbox about my shipping misshap, it's about a week or so since i emailed them about it - so for anyone else waiting to hear back, there's hope :)
3 sets just arrived! mewow!
as for separating the deck to play for different age groups... maybe next version add a mark on the face of the card for nsfw version. i like the back being one color since you can mix the decks together for big group play.
got a chance to play this game over the weekend with a few people. easily played 6 games and was funny each time.
@idle. congrats on your baby fluffy kitteh! !!!  looks like he's very intelligent.
elan ftw
that moment when you open the box!! xd
thank you, elan! our lives are better because of you!
received my shipment in finland today, awesome surprise!
thank you elan and the exploding kittens team!
thank you elan!
got mine in sweden today! i really loved the suprise(s) inside. we'll be playing this at home this weekend for sure :-)
got mine and loved it and the surprise inside.  had some friends over during the weekend and played it a bunch with both decks.  the only thing i wish was different was the adult deck had a black back instead of red that way you could more easily separate the decks if you needed to when playing with younger kids.
hey guys! over the past week we've shipped out hundreds of thousands of boxes. there's even more on the way, but with quantity like that comes issues that we need to get fixed so we're still working as hard as we can to help you! if you're one of the people who is having a problem with your order, please write us at support@explodingkittens.com so we can take care of you. help us help you get your exploding kittens asap! (then i'm going to treat myself to a nap) elan
@ jamesowen ivey jr.  send an email to support@explodingkittens,com.  in the subject line write "never received survey" in the body of the email tell them where to send your order, and if there is anything else you need to know, or let them know.  keep it short, they are swamped with emails. @diane de bernardo.  scroll down about half a page to an earlier comment by me to @sarah.  everything you need to know is there.
ive been slow in looking but i never got a survey email, is there by chance u guys can send a new one cause i would like to get my cards....thanx
i still haven't received my shipment. my friends all got theirs more than a week ago. should i be worried?
g' morning bakhan, great mountain. all is well here. @michael long.  do not expect a reply soon, perhaps at all from the exploding kittens staff.  they are swamped right now and working like crazy people to cover everyone having shipping issues.  if there is a reason to contact you they will, if not, then probably they won't.  they are getting your emails, they are reading your emails, they are taking your issues seriously. i had lunch with one of the team over the weekend and she asked me to let everyone know, they hear you.  they are doing their very best to get this thing covered.  but it might take a bit for everyone to get everything simply due to murphy's law and the nature of stuff.
@gm, all is quiet on the western front...
emailed blackbox last monday about my shipment and sent an email to exploding kittens support today. hope i hear something soon. :/
morning kitten corp. how's the line holding today?
good morining pot!
@sarah.  have you received the email from blackbox with the info regarding your shipment?  have you checked all of your spam/junk mail folders? if you have received the shipping email click the link and see when your shipment is due, if that date is more than 5 to 7 days in the past... or if the answers to the first two questions are, respectively, "no" and "yes". send an email to support@explodingkittens.com.  in the subject line put "no shipping email", or "shipment x days overdue". then in the body of the email explain what's going on.  please keep it as short as possible, they're getting a lot of emails. if, on the other hand your shipping email is there, and the shipment is less than 3 or 4 days overdue, be patient, give it a bit more time, stuff happens. i hope this helps.
good morning my corps.  and how is everyone today?
exploding kittens team, from the bottom of my heart and with all my gratitude, i would like to congratulate you for all the effort and love addressed to this small, but explosive game. the details and that awesome surprise you hear the moment you open the box, makes it one of the many great stuff about the game. i went ahead and played with some friends here in my country (panama). we spent hours laughing, thinking, bluffing, praying & sweating that the bomb wasn't the next card. once again, thanks for all the effort and for such an amazing game!
i haven't received my game yet :(  i'm excited to play though! ...help?
@madjo, i agree wholeheartedly about the ek team updating the status, especially in light of all comments on here that are apparently not being addressed, many of which could be allayed with a few words in an update.  if there is information to share and concerns to address, then an update should be given. i also agree about communicating here, at ks.  although ultimately ek does need to communicate outside of ks, anything that is relevant to the backers should be posted here, especially when it is update worthy. personally, i got the initial email on 7.30 and finally received shipping information on 8.07.  hopefully you'll get your info soon.
amazing job! got mine real quick; loved playing and the "surprise" inside.
my first game of kittens was on an airplane at 35,000 feet. i had 3 rows of passengers involved in the game by the time we landed. everyone was laughing and the flight attendants made several trips to our seats to see if we were ok during the 5 hour flight. first flight in a long time that people wished was longer than it was. kittens to abate flyer rage! should be a bumper sticker.
arrived last week.  played it a couple times with my friends already.  we enjoyed it very much.  it is a fun game to play between other games.  we don't find it as a game we could spend the whole evening playing, but enjoy it for game night when mixed with other games.
arrived at portugal!
omg love this . and that unboxing experience omg
got mine in sweden today, i just love it!
greeting from malaysia... hope my kitties are on its way to papa... i haven't gotten mine too. :(
got the parcel from the postal office. best emotions during game unboxing ever! thank you all a lot! :d
anyone from malaysia/south east asian region got their yet? the anxiety is killing me!
thank you
got my ek game last week all the way over here in dunedin new zealand. last night was the first chance i had to have a game and was impressed big time. family love it. great surprise on opening the box, very cool. cheers
@eric, i know, there are people out there that either forget to look, and it is good that the fans take up the role that ek should do, to inform people who are worried that yes, there will be light at the end of the tunnel. let's hope it comes soon. and i hope that the ek team will become genuine millionaires from the game and the expansion packs and offshoots, if the reviews are any judge this game already is a big hit. i don't have any illwill towards them, i'm just feeling left out in the cold, while a lot of others already enjoy the warmth of exploded kittens and goats.
finally got a chance to play a few games last night! so much fun! half the time was spent laughing at the cards! i ended up winning two out of four games. my wife has asked if we can play again tonight! whoo hoo!
@madjo, you would be surprised the number of people who never check updates. i'm not disagreeing with you. i think they could have done an update and possibly post on here, so we could keep reposting it, a few days ago. just a "hey, shit happened and we're fixing it asap".
@pot + infinity (do we really spend too much time on here?)
pot excellent comment on "cool your jets". however, i do think that the ek team should post an update here on the feed themselves, to let people know "we hear you, we're working on fixing it, please give us a bit of time. the kittens have caused a massive mailslide, and we're inundated, and desperately trying to find solutions." or words to that effect. that might at least stem the tide a bit. and i don't mean on facebook, it was a kickstarter project, so they should make it a kickstarter update too, so that all backers have the same info. those updates are the main source of news about the kickstarter projects, and they aren't meant just for good news.  not everyone is in the luxury position of being able to have lunch with the ek team. i understand that they have invested a lot of time into this project, and i am proud to be a backer of their dream/nightmare (depending on how you look at it), but as a person who hasn't received a) a shipping confirmation email, b) the game, and c) response on my emailed request, i am getting a bit worried. it would be nice if they took 5 minutes to tell us that they are working on finding solutions in an official kickstarter update.
congrats, idle/wild!
got me my kitteh! https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54j0ynsywe0uw9hcg9itm9usuu/view…
@pot lol so true
not to mention the fact that in order for it to continue in to the future money has to be expended on research in to new projects, expansion packs, etc... none of that happens by accident or for free.  these people spent nearly a year of their own time and treasure to make this game happen, they deserve a pay day, much of the profit from the kickstarter is being re-invested in to making something that lives on and goes forward.  a self sustaining company means jobs for people, it means success for the creators, and oh, by the way, it means a lot of fun for those of us who like the game. (not that it matters).  elan is traveling all over, doing his best to keep the buzz going, he's been doing that since the ks campaign started, does everyone remember that he doesn't have a "regular" job other than ek? cut them some slack, give 'em a break.  you are being heard.  you will get what you paid for even if it takes another month or two to figure out what needs to be done.  patience is a virtue. those of you asking for help will be helped, we've all been there. those of you giving constructive feedback about things that can be improved are being paid attention to and your feedback is valued. those if you whining like two year olds will be mocked and then ignored by those of us who spend entirely too much time here trying to help those with legitimate questions..
agreed. i think people also need to realize that at this point, exploding kittens isn't generating any revenue, so what they got from ks is what they have. they have to lean on that for production, shipping, swob, etc. until they start selling it retail, their 'profits' are going to continue to dwindle. i think they've done an extraordinary job for the size of this project.
i must say, i find it odd how freely people are willing to spend someone else's money.  especially not knowing how much money that other person has or is likely to get.  the number of people that have posted, indicating how happy they are vs. the number of people posting with complaints is staggering, particularly when you take in to account that people who are satisfied, by and large, don't say anything.
and remember, most of the money they raised for this campaign went to kickstarter and production/shipping. then there are the salaries of people they already have hired to consider. the point is, hiring more people at this point is much easier said than done.
yesterday i had an extended lunch and conversation with the effervescent and delightful bella, social media director of the ek team. fear not those of you with problems/troubles/challenges with receiving your decks. the creative team hears your cries of woe! they are receiving hundreds of emails daily, many from the same people multiple times a day. most of those say things like "i emailed you 3 hours ago and i haven't heard back yet, what's going on?" or words to that effect, although not necessarily so politely worded. there are three people handling emails before kicking them up the line to elan, shane or matt when required. again three people are handling the entire email load. back off a little, give them some space and some time. be patient. the team is committed to getting every single backer every single thing they have paid for and they will not rest until everything they can do has been done. they are working insane hours (primarily die to the worldwide nature of the phenomenon that is exploding kittens. many of the emails they are getting are from people for whom english is not their primary or secondary language. they are trying. again, patience. as long as you are sending your emails to the correct address they are being read and when time allows they are being responded to. sending multiple emails saying the exact same things, or asking why you haven't heard anything back yet is not helping you or them. cool your jets.
@jennifer. first be sure you've checked all of your junk/spam/promotional email folders.  if you use gmail there are more than one junk folder. if there is nothing there, you can send an email to support@explodingkittens.com  in the subject line put something to the effect of "no shipment notification". be patient.  there are three people handling hundreds of emails every day, they are working as fast as they can.
just got my copy in the uk, thanks!
if i have not received an email regarding the shipment of the game, should i be concerned?  how can i double check to make sure you have the info you need to send my game? thanks!
here is my unboxing video for exploding kittens.  be aware that the super secret surprise is shown! https://youtu.be/0eyuh8eukmu
still wainting my decks !! hope to get it soon =)
received my international shipment on the 2nd of august. the game is absolutely amazing! i've had fun every time, and both the regular and nsfw decks are hilarious. the first few rounds were filled with sniggering at the drawing of every new card. the cards are a little lower quality than i expected—the edges are nicked and peeling after a handful of games, but honestly, i expect poor quality from every kickstarter i back, and this is no exception. the fulfillment, the fun, the backing of the promise are all better than every single other kickstarter i have backed. count me in for any future project by these guys!
wow, i'm getting tired of hearing about what a rough time they're having dealing with customers. this project received $8.7 million dollars in funding. to hear there are only three people handling customer emails doesn't gain sympathy, it makes me angry. hire more people. if you're making a complete hash of shipping and are inundated with customer problems, you screwed up and the way you're handling it is making it worse. i'm not complaining after a couple of hours, i'm complaining about not hearing for over a week. hire more people.
is anyone else disappointed in the quality of the cards? after a handful of plays, the edges of our decks are knicked up and, in and cases, starting to peel apart.
i would think leaving it open activates the photosensor the whole time, which uses electricity, but the sound only happens once per exposure. i like to try to keep it closed just to be sure.
mikey, only if they can defuse it the first time.
it seems to only work once per exposure, so i don't think leaving it open would have any effect on the battery
if someone plays an attack card, and there's only exploding kitten cards left, does the next player have to pick up an exploding kitten card twice in a row?
@lord thanks for the reply.  so if i leave the box open, would that drain the battery, recharge it, or have no effect on it?
gabriele, both. there is a battery, but there's a photosensitive switch that activates the sound.
has anyone else had a problem where their box has stopped making the meow sound upon opening?  is it powered by battery (in which case i may have a faulty battery) or is it solar via the cat's eye (in which case i may just need to leave the box open to recharge it)?
and just in case, : powers of tesla about 8 hours ago forgive the length of this post. i just finished an extended lunch and conversation with the effervescent and delightful bella, social media director of the ek team. fear not those of you with problems/troubles/challenges with receiving you decks. the creative hears your cries of woe! they are receiving hundreds of emails daily, many from the same people multiple times a day. most of those say things like "i emailed you 3 hours ago and i haven't heard back yet, what's going on?" or words to that effect, although not necessarily so politely worded. there are three people handling emails before kicking them up the line to elan, shane or matt when required. again three people are handling the entire email load. back off a little, give them some space and some time. be patient. the team is committed to getting every single backer every single thing they have paid for and they will not rest until everything they can do has been done. they are working insane hours (primarily die to the worldwide nature of the phenomenon that is exploding kittens. many of the emails they are getting are from people for whom english is not their primary or secondary language. they are trying. again, patience. as long as you are sending your emails to the correct address they are being read and when time allows they are being responded to. sending multiple emails saying the exact same things, or asking why you haven't heard anything back yet is not helping you or them. cool your jets.
that could've easily been one?
and put up four comments
you just come back on after awhile
seriously?
we won, by the way
and now you're gone, so i can ruin your progress some more.
zem, i was only gone because i was playing zombicide with my family
the playtest deck is a good size for just carrying around.
josh, that sounds like the perfect time for this game! this game is perfect for just whipping out at random, unlike some things... (long day, don't ask) i think we need a compact carrier about the size of just the deck to carry in your pocket or something to have it at the ready. i have a hard case for some weatherproof cards i was thinking about using.
just came back from a wedding reception party. wasn't sure what to expect but brought the game anyway, just in case. i pulled it out, played a game of 9 people and even the spectators had a great time. i love this game!! thanks guys for running a campaign like it should be run.
nice to see you on here so much, pot! and lz off giving me a chance to catch up a little. some day! ... *shakes fist*
wow, now that almost all of the games have been delivered, there're like no comments here!
received my shipment. thanks for the great game! so much fun... (=^・ｪ・^=) (t.n.t()--✹
i got it three times during play testing.  they know.
that was a big one that came up in our games too.
@donald.  your request has already been forwarded to the creative team and is under consideration.
after playing a couple dozen games this weekend. i would love a new card type added that would reverse the direction of turn order.  so players aren't only attacking the same person.
no one, that is, except for kickstarter
for those who were wondering about how rich the creators would getting from this kickstarter.  an article. http://www.polygon.com/2015/2/25/8102751/exploding-kittens-kickstarter-rich
just been playing a heck of alot of gta recently and letting my brother have some fun on that and skyrim.
i just saw that, pot. good timing on my part!
kc folk.  i just posted to the site forum with additional info.
well said, pot!
forgive the length of this post. i just finished an extended lunch and conversation with the effervescent and delightful bella, social media director of the ek team. fear not those of you with problems/troubles/challenges with receiving you decks.  the creative hears your cries of woe!  they are receiving hundreds of emails daily, many from the same people multiple times a day.  most of those say things like "i emailed you 3 hours ago and i haven't heard back yet, what's going on?" or words to that effect, although not necessarily so politely worded. there are three people handling emails before kicking them up the line to elan, shane or matt when required.  again three people are handling the entire email load.  back off a little, give them some space and some time.  be patient.  the team is committed to getting every single backer every single thing they have paid for and they will not rest until everything they can do has been done.  they are working insane hours (primarily die to the worldwide nature of the phenomenon that is exploding kittens.  many of the emails they are getting are from people for whom english is not their primary or secondary language.  they are trying. again, patience.  as long as you are sending your emails to the correct address they are being read and when time allows they are being responded to.  sending multiple emails saying the exact same things, or asking why you haven't heard anything back yet is not helping you or them.  cool your jets.
@eric, they should make that statement here, on this platform, where all backers can see it. i'm not on facebook, how am i supposed to know?!
i am still waiting for my cards, should i do something or just wait?
exploding kittens should help you make new friends
absolutely amazing kickstarter - the item, the packaging, the delivery, kudos to the team! my package was delivered on 31st july, i only got around to opening it today. i moved to a new place and need to make some friends now so i can play with more people.
indeed. we don't know what the rate of perfect successes is, but if it's even 99% (which would be incredibly stellar for two start-up companies working on a joint venture), that still leaves nearly 2,200 incorrect orders. that's still a lot. it's going to take time to get to them all.
i know there's a few people waiting to hear from exploding kittens team, or blackbox.  just be patient.  if you have contacted them, they are sifting through tons of emails and figuring out how to resolve everyone's issues.  just give them a little more time. whatever your issue, they will take care of it.
i got all my games today (4 regular + 1 nsfw) . perfect condition!
i did get a delivery, unfortunately it's two boxes of nsfw cards. i've tried emailing, using facebook and twitter with zero response, this was over a week ago. i backed this kickstarter because i had faith in the people involved, i'm very disappointed. no more kickstarters.
still no reply from support or blackbox, sicne tuesday... still no tracking number
@john: i use a chrome extension called sidekick while sending my emails. it notifies you when the receiver opens your sent email. in my case i sent the email on saturday. on tuesday night it was opened without any reply to me, and then it was again opened on wednesday evening when a got a reply.
everyone with issues has to realiza, that they were hoping for 500 backers. they got almost 220,000!!!  it's almost a miracle that the expected delivery date didn't change. it could have easily been pushed back months. so if it takes another week or 2 to fix everyone's problems, it's still unbelievably fast. i agree that they aren't responding to each and every person immediately, but that would take a lot longer to resolve eberyones issues. also, it doesn't mean that they aren't working extremely hard to get issues resolved. they are. so please be patient and understanding of what they are going through.
@john. they are dealing with quite a lot if issues. they made a statement on their facebook page a day or 2 ago. if you have emailed both exploding kittens and blackbox,  they are dealing with your issue. please give them a few days to get things worked out. you will get an email when your issues are resolved. any newer emails you send them will just slow the process down. be patient. they will fix it for you. if you haven't heard from them in 3 business days, i would then send another email.
both elan lee and blackbox are completely unresponsive, after days of emails.  i'm extremely disappointed.
two decks arrived today! played four games with my wife who managed to win 3 games! we were very competitive and can't wait to play with friends! you guys did an amazing job pulling the whole project together!
@peter dolkens, mine kicked in when i couldn't fit the sleeved decks in the special box. both decks do fit in the nsfw box. i removed the plastic tray and made a little divider that keeps the decks from intermingling.
@david m williams  i believe that the regular deck of exploding kittens will be available to purchase online in a month or so. if you look on either the exploding kittens  website or facebook page,  that might have more information on that.
got mine in latvia, awesome, everything is perfect. love it.
never mind i took a step back and emailed support.  hopefully my game is enroute.  i long to explode kittens like the rest of my friends.  :)
who do we contact if we haven't received the game yet or a shipping email?
my only disappointment with the whole project was that the nsfw deck box wasn't 2mm wider (allowing us to enclose our first edition box, complete with both decks, within the nsfw box. apart from that tiny bit of ocd on my behalf, the whole project was brilliantly executed, right down to the shipping labels, which were an amazing easter egg for the whole project. great work guys!
this kickstarter was flawlessly executed and the product is terrific!! is there any way we can order a second (backup) set? thank you !
this kickstarter campaign was by far the smartest and pleasuring i could possibly imagine. saved all the stuff in the "this is how it's done"-department.
kittens received in south korea. they look great.
thanks
congratulations on the promotion @lord zombitten! !
@lord zombitten cheers, i worked out that all i had to do was open it in a well lit room, get the shit scared out of me, and drop the damn thing probably breaking it after all lol. all good, thanks for the help.
thanks. g'night
anyway... bed time ...good nite lz ...and congrats again lol
haha thanks it's #3 ...just another day at this point ....plus c-section so dont have to guess what day....lol
congrats on the baby!
...see now this is why you are getting promoted.....
once again, i figured
having a baby on wed....so had to make sure to get all the shit ...lol (my wife not me having a baby) .....
...was shopping
lol yah i figured you would
thanks doc! as for the other thing, i figured it out
btw ...i lied i was not here ish....
congrats lz!!
kayne, tacocat loves the sun. open the box in a bright room.
i got my set today but the "surprise" in the box is broken... am i sol?
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
my order came in wrong :(
i'm getting a promotion!
i'm here...ish
...and no one is here to hear it.
finally! i got the answer!
to those that got there "in a few weeks" email from blackbox, i just got a shipping notification for mine. so hang in there!
later gang, off to splode some kittehs!!
@hulknotabehind  the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool if you have already emailed the appropriate address already, please give things a couple days before emailing again. the fewer emails they have to sift through, the sooner you will get your problems solved.
i got the game tuesday and just love it!!  only issue is the top of the box already started to tear!!  that "hinge" need better reinforcement.
:-( i was a bad kitten and didn't see the survey email until the beginning of this month... so um... sorry for the delay?
@pot on facebook, i told them the kitten corps would help with developing expansions. they said they would like that.
that's the best kind! i love loud and annoying that just means they are working lol
but on that note, time to head home. hopefully the trains aren't too busy.
the one i'm cleaning up was initially made to be able to run diablo 3, when it was first released, at 3x the optimal settings. i haven't used it in probably 5-6 months. i know there is stuff on there i want to keep(entire music library, which i want to switch over to my laptop), and some pictures. but other than that, it's rather annoying, and big and takes up loads of space.
@lz.  how does one do that?
...i have expensive taste when it comes to pc's so it's good that it's a large bonus lol...the wife would kill me if i spent it all....
@gm well i get a bonus in nov ...buying a new pc.... two monitors is a must ....
pot, i signed is up to help with expansions
@doc: i can't wait until i finish cleaning up my old desktop, then i can get my laptop hooked up to a second monitor, making it easier to multitask at home.
congrats keith ...now see how many times you can press the refresh button on the fedex page before it arrives
got my shipping number �
hello pot
hello kittens.  long day.
there should just be a kc mass text .....make my life easyer lol
i need to get a new computer...i would be more help then lol....atm i'm all phone
i knew i wouldn't get any push-back!
i'm game lets do it....
fuck yah
no ...i'll go look
still, some common sense is needed to play any card game i can think of. maybe they just didn't read the rules or amended them like i did for a better playing experience. and since my brother is watching me type this on the tv screen in the family room right now, yes, it is better this way. your rules work better with a large group. my amendments work better with smaller ones. and yes, when i'm one of the players, that's always the rule. with your decks, you can make your rules, but hoarding the cards just to be a dick should still be outlawed.
doc, did you see the pic i posted on the forum today?
haha i missed that part....
it does say not to do that; but the rules also say not to read the rules...
but without actually going to check....does it not say in the rules not to do that...
@lz yah that's my guess to
i guess i don't understand how you can draw from a 56 card deck for an hour and not run out of cards.....
doc, i suspect christopher was shuffling the discard pile back into the draw pile when a shuffle was played. i remember a group doing that at the playtest parties
yah what lz said.....
once a card is played, it should never go back in the draw pile, unless it's a kitten that has been defused, in which case the kitten (and only the kitten) is placed back in the draw pile. when a shuffle card is played, you only shuffle the draw pile, leaving the discard pile untouched
iv played with 2 people and the game went fast.....even if you had all the defuse cards when you hit the bottom of the deck its more or less game over.....
for nick:  the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool if you have already emailed the appropriate address already, please give things a couple days before emailing again. the fewer emails they have to sift through, the sooner you will get your problems solved.
christopher, you're not shuffling the defuse card back in the deck at any time are you?
just played it with 2 people total. it did not take 15 min as according to the rules. after 1 hour we where still playing. there are too many "defuse" card when playing with two people. we will remove the extra defuse cards so there are only 1 defuse card per person total. not 2 as in the rules.  anyone else feeling this way?
sorry, i am merely posting my complaint here because i never got a response back from support@explodingkittens.com. has anyone else had any luck getting support from that email address? i am unable to locate an email address for blackbox.
first my humorous to everyone but nick answer.... nick, this company called me and wanted me to tell you that they want to avoid you in the future too. so you guys are even  and there's no hard feelings. now my real answer.... nick, that sucks, man. hopefully if you contact either the ek support team or the guys at blackbox that maybe you can get your money refunded. shipping was included with your pledge, so you shouldn't have had to pay that. especially since you notified them of your change well ahead of time. pulling for your refund, man!
arrived this week in germany. (does not exactly know the day.) great package, love the freight order. :) kabooooom! exploding done! :)
@nick, sorry it worked out that way, however, posting that here, rather than to support@explodingkittens.com won't help you in anyway.
even though i contacted you guys about the shipping address in june, it was shipped to the wrong address and i was charged $8.90 to pick it up from the post office. the post office said it was because the absolute cheapest shipping method was chosen, so the cost was passed on to me. this was really poor service. i will have to avoid this company in the future.
@zem: so, greatmountain666 is out of the question for a password?...damn, now i need to spend a week thinking of a new one.
gm, just make a new password. but remember, it takes a minimum of 37.8 characters, only one capital, lower case, number and character, and at least one arm and/or leg, toil, tears, sweat, your social security number, the name of your first pet, your mother's maiden name, where you went to elementary school, and the sacrificial blood of a firstborn goat. so good luck with that. just write it down somewhere.
good times, eh dennis?
recieved mine today, love the surprise and the personalized freight order. �
heck yeah, javed!
that "surprise thingie" is the best thing ever =)
i started a new topic on kc forums.
for those with questions about their orders......  the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool if you have already emailed the appropriate address already, please give things a couple days before emailing again. the fewer emails they have to sift through, the sooner you will get your problems solved.
i haven't received my exploding kittens yet :( what can i do to follow up on the order?
sorry gm, you're out ! jk. maybe cheetahbutt can help with that?
@trinkets: i would say lets go for the kc forums for the discussions...but i can't remember my login info for that, and i can't remember my kc email info either....can't even find the email regarding it too. >.<
trinkets, i think secret discussions on the kc website is a good idea
maybe not bruce springsteen,  though
tony danza would even agree that lz is the boss! !
should we have secret discussions on the kc website? you know, throw around ideas, post results of playtesting and such?
absolute zero cool.
@lz, you don't even need the promotion anymore, you're already the boss!
i know i did, but i mean... how cool is that?!
fridays and idling lzs create monsters. wild.
i nominate a doctor kitten expansion! all of time and space to explode!
@lz, sweet jebus! i don't even know who jebus is!
http://kittencorps.com/forum/viewtopic.php…
@lz: you just dropped a whole moon sized mountain on the shoulders of the corp you know. not that i'm complaining.
lovely, lz!
lol, me too, idle
hey, i got the new messages notification? really? haven't s3n it in months.
@paul,  no
@lz, link for the lazy?
i know patience is a virtue. but i'm a villain. i'm not feeling particularly virtuous
love the game...my only regret is that i didn't get more. any chance on a backer discount when the public ordering goes live?
guys! guys! guys! guys! check out the pic i just posted to the forum. it's a screenshot from my phone. it's srsly teh awestomsauce!
great to hear about everyone's fluffies doing good.  :-)
i am the boss. you slackers better get off your asses and get some damn work done!!!
@lz, patience is a virtue, but waiting for something like that dies really suck!! good luck.
@gamehorder, i don't know if mayfair sleeves do or not. the ff sleeves fit the nsfw box. i added a cardboard divider after taking the plastic tray out. it works good. that way, i don't have to ruin my special box!!
if he has the energy, he's going to be fine. i too am getting a bolt removal several days earlier than expected. i'll have time to prepare for the beach after the three days in hospital. yay!
@bakhan, i know, right?! he told me yesterday that he would talk to me about it later yesterday, or today...definitely no later than monday
i wish i could spend my friday afternoon like that...mind you, my boss isn't even in the office today, she took the day off.
@lz, thats crule and unusual punishment, i mean, they should have taken you for celebratory drinks already!  thats how you spend a friday afternoon!
my mind is also not on work. i keep wondering if the boss is going to come in and tell me i have the job
@idle, surgery was yesterday, they kept him overnight for observation.  apparently it went well, but now he's restless and anxious to go! poor guy!
@idle, congrats on the kitteh!  sorry about the drive and the leg, hopes its some smooth roads!
puppy power! he's going to eat that surgery.
anyone find sleeves that fit in the deluxe box... fantasy flight do not...
it's official now. i'm getting my silver girl on sunday! yippee for yet another three hour drive. one direction. hello, backseat. damn leg.
i've got piles of stuff to do, no interest in doing it though.  i'm going to pick up my pup from his latest surgery in a couple of hours, so my minds not on work.
exactly! also...is today over yet? i've literally had about 1 hour of work to do...and i've stretched it as far as possible(to a total of 5 hours >.>).
@gm, lolz! i know right!  canada post do anything right, let alone better than another shipping company?  what???
@bakhan: shh....you will ruin my view of canada post if you do that.
@gm, i'm pretty sure the canadian side of black box is canada post... ;)
mine was taped, and came in a regular brown box, didn't even say anything regarding exploding anywhere on it either. maybe the canadian side of black box is better at making sure things arrive as they should, sealed and all.
black box, the cool shipping company that only uses tape sometimes...
i remember you saying your was taped, lz. and maybe another 2 people had tape on them too. maybe the local post offices did it?
my blue box was taped, though. and the tape stuck fine. this is all weird
@trinkets, i can't even imagine shipping anything, and not sealing the package.  it a piece of tape, not gold leaf or something.  surely they could spare the $0.0001 worth of tape?
and to add to it, i think it's just the blue box that says exploding kittens on the side. i'm guessing blackbox just decided that not taping them would be good enough. the box certainly seems like tape would stick to it, the shipping labels did.
@trinkets, as far as i can tell, its only the folks in the states that are getting the untaped packages.  mine came in a standard brown box well taped and filled with those packing peanuts.  i wonder if its the dye in the cardboard causing the problem?  the tape sucks up just enough ink to lose its ability to stick?
weird.
no tape. it sounds like most (95% or more, going by the numbers heard here) were not taped.
tape was never there or it was gone? mine came in a cardboard box with tape, granted it was two sets.
i'm doing my best to be patient.  i got the nsfw deck last saturday, but the main deck was missing--curious that the box was neither wrapped or taped.  i emailed almost immediately, and as of yet have heard nothing. the lack of at least an autoresponder seems a little bit 1990s.  it's been six days and the only response of any kind i've heard about is through comments left on this page.
meow!!!
ranchan, you can be concerned if you want, though
for those with questions about their orders......  the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool if you have already emailed the appropriate address already, please give things a couple days before emailing again. the fewer emails they have to sift through, the sooner you will get your problems solved.
nope.
so if i haven't received my email with the tracking number yet, should i be concerned?
i got the tracking number last night for my decks going to get them by monday can't wait for my bombs of fur.
i never got a tracking number yet got the decks. double surprise i call it. relax.
hello, to the best of my knowledge, i have not yet received a tracking number for my reward, yet last week my brother's reward was delivered to our house. am i missing something?
patience is over rated.  the day they were handing it out, i couldn't wait, had stuff to do!
hey andrew, the team is going to look into it. they have many mails to go through. be patient, you'll get your fur bombs.
@andrew: the final hoop you need to jump through is having patience. they are working through it all, they posted on their facebook page that it may take a few days.
hey guys, i had a issue with shipping. i've sent an email(one with tracking info) and a message on kick starter and haven't heard back. just wondering if there are any other hoops i need to jump through to get the two games. can't wait to play.
bang, jan!
got it. kaboom!
window sill says eh.
wall says nope!
my tree had a base that was a little less than 50x50 cm. i had to anchor it to a wall so it wouldn't fall over
a purrrfect surprise.
ps, my package was passed off to usps who made the final delivery this morning. in case that helps anyone who had a weird shipping situation...
anyway, i had to find a tree with less than 50x50cm footprint. easier said than done when looking for a 120-140cm tree. with a house in it. hope it holds when she gets in the seven kilo range.
omg yassssssss the surprise was also delightful, but i won't spoil it here :)
haha lucky kitty.
jarjar binksie sitting in a.. jar, you see. tongue stuck to the cap, yeah, waving stupidly. jarjar, what a bitch, looking like a flooded ditch fill that jar with ants, yeah, brain glitch!
at-at is definitely better, but the at-st is more space friendly. i understand the need for the tree. when i had an indoor-only cat, he loved the 2 meter tall tree i built for him. now, my cats spend most of their time outside, so they're not interested in cat trees
http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e5/2d/df/e52ddfe63608da245e337e7441de5808.jpg wow. that is awesome!!
any new stretch goals?
at-at is better. bella's gonna need her tree. trust me. the 2k euro sofa is shivering right now.
if my cats were into cat trees, i would build one that looks like an at-st, like i saw that some guy on the internet did.
i am excited. if only dhl weren't striking, i had to get the cat tree today. it's still in germany. good thing i bought some stuff locally.
we named the man's car jarjar. because it's stupid, ugly, awful suspension and useless for the city. read that as "i named it". he's starting to come to his senses now that there's nothing left to break.
i don't have any fire ants right now
no jarjar!!
@idle, congrats, you must be pretty excited!
no, jarjar.
no jarjar!
still waiting. should get her on sunday i think. come to think some more, i need to sync with the breeder.
@idle, how did you do with your kitten quest?
ah, meesa missed star wars talkies. meesa wanna tongue itself.
on the exploding kittens facebook page, they state that they are receiving everybody's emails and ask that anyone who sent one or more emails to them, to wait a few days. they are working on your problems
seems like i'm another to add to the incorrect address issues. i contacted fedex who insists there is no house there. i insisted that they just don't want to drive down the dirt road to get to it..waiting on blackbox to get back to me with what to do now...
exploding kittens just arrived to a coruña, spain. amazing surprise opening the box... great job!! ;)
is there any eta on when the blackbox or exploding kittens support will get back to us on any issues we've had? my package was never delivered due to "insufficient/incorrect address" and was immediately shipped back to the sender even though the address blackbox attached in my confirmation/tracking email was correct.
wow, now that probablky 210,000 people have theirs, the comments have died down quite a bit. i can actually read back to where i left off! then again i left at like 1:30 am and woke up at 7 today for donuts just getting back now at 9:30. so not the 10-hour slumber party of my normal summer days.
i thought that they made it so you could add on the nsfw edition by itself. if a person did that and the removed the base game it could have happened right? just guessing as mine arrived as it should have, one of each.
some people probably didn't fill out their surveys properly, but nsfw by itself wasn't an option.
i'm suspecting some people didn't fill out their surveys correctly...
on the exploding kittens facebook page, they state that they are receiving everybody's emails and ask that anyone who sent one or more emails to them, to wait a few days. they are working on your problems
@lz, i was wondering the same thing.
but, but trinkets, it's not possible to get the nsfw deck without getting the regular deck. so anja and peter still should have gotten the special box with the secret surprise. unless i'm misunderstanding their problem, and the were expecting both of their decks to come in separate special boxes with secret surprises...
@nobeard, from reading the comments, that was  a common issue in the states.  most other countries didn't have the blue box, i even heard of one person having it shipped in nothing but bubble wrap!
for those with questions about their orders...... the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool if you have already emailed the appropriate address already, please give things a couple days before emailing again. the fewer emails they have to sift through, the sooner you will get your problems solved.
received mine but the shipping box was not even sealed, anyone could have just opened the box and helped themselves, not even a piece of tape holding it shut.
hi,  no email for shipping confirmation from backbox and no package yet.... quebec, canada.  anyone in the same situation here?
yes, the special boxes are only with the regular decks,  not the nsfw decks.
@peter and anja i think you needed to buy the normal + nsfw editions to get the box... i got mine today except it's broken.... ;( and it's not a post office f**** up. the nsfw box is in pristine condition. the box that should (spoiler) doesn't (spoiler) ;( and it's bent
@anja, same here, no magic box with hidden surprise :(
so my two nsfw deck package arrived today but to my great sorrow not in the special boxes or with the secret surprise =( did i tick off the wrong box somewhere? what did i do wrong? i really wanted those...
lol the surprise was great, i received the boxes at my office and me and my workmates couldn't stop laughing. thank you very much!
arrived in austria! awesome! :)
so my copy + nsfw deck turned up today, and they are more adorably explosive than i had hoped ! awesome box, great quality cards, love it !
just want to say: thank you for this amazing game!
we can have up to 17 with my brother's and my combined 4 decks. more even if the first couple dead people put the kitten back in the decks.
12 players is also fun
awesome. jeremy
got my copy today! (it actually came in the mail yesterday). played our first game with 6 players. it was kind of amazing.
@gcod,  lol
for those with questions about their orders...... the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool if you have already emailed the appropriate address already,  please give things a couple days before emailing again. the fewer emails they have to sift through,  the sooner you will get your problems solved.
i personally like ice cream man from empire strikes back.  if i have to explain, the joke ain't worth it.
throw in some beers, and that's my friday night!!
ok, not that good, but he learned from the best! at least, he must've learned from e.t. judging by his talent. why isn't pointing and sitting there with flashing headphones an olympic sport?
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/03/01/article-0-11fc9d13000005dc-98_468x383.jpg are you sure zem?
i say nobody running is worth electing. let's overthrow our representative republic and replace it with douglas adam's government from the hitchhiker's guide: the president of the galaxy was really only there to distract everyone from the real power. only like 3 people knew who had the real power, and when they found out, the only person who made every single decision like who won wars even was the perfect choice, but it's too long to explain who and why here, so you'll have to look it up if you can read that part online. basically, nobody who want's power should be given any. the ideal leader is someone who doesn't want to lead or doesn't know they're doing it.
bob is the greatest pointer in the history of fingers, trinkets! take that back! ;)
oh, i wish i had tv now. i wanted to watch the circus. maybe i'll be able to watch it online tomorrow...
ted cruz looks more like someone from saturday night live playing a politician than a real politician.
@greg, they aren't very quick in responding.  be patient and try not to flood their inbox with more emails. they will fix your problem.
yep, it's on fox news
actually snickers with shinola.
this is going to be like mixing snickers with shingle.
the debate's tonight?
blackbox is ignoring my emails about them shipping my package to an old address, really dissapointed in their fulfillment service.
trump in this debate.....best tv ever!!
*more
ugnaughts are me likeable than him
don't change the subject,  lobot is nowhere near as likeable as lando.
here's bob, the international man of mystery, himself in action: http://www.i-mockery.com/minimocks/empirestrikesback/lobot-point.gif
parents are in japan visiting our most recent exchange student and his family. so just two teenage guys and one other who may as well be a teenager and moved back out yesterday.just living here . guess what we've subsisted on almost entirely. if you guessed pizza, macaroni, and ramen, you're mostly correct, though we know some additions and spices to make them all extra good. well, the pizza and cheese sticks are from a gas station near here, but it's really good as well.
blasphemy!
trinkets, the most likeable is lando's assistant, whom we call either "headphone guy" or "bob". he's the one with the headphones that flash every 2 seconds and he points around occasionally. he contributes more to the stories than yoda! i love that guy!
yeah, me too.
i still like my fire ant idea
loves me some hoth.
as we all did. but the profitability of it made that idea look really good to some people.
tonight, it's empire strikes back
but, but i liked star wars as a kid, without any freaking jarjar!
jarjar was there for the little kids. that was as the movies progressed through the years, all those little tykes would be growing up and spending all their allowances on jar jar action figures and stuff.
butler.
gotta love billy dee!
bob fortuna's used sand skiff imporium. quite a drop off from his cousin's job of interpreter for jabba.
damn autocorrect!
and what about the most likeable character of all? lando!!!!
hehe , is that bib's cousin?
han, leia, jabba, greedo, r2-d2, luke, chewie, tarkin, palpatine, bob fortuna, akbar (i could go on and on) are all recognizable without being annoying
being a character doesn't make it okay to be annoying. if i want to speak the languages of violence and brutality to a character every time he's onscreen, the writer did something wrong. unless the goal was to make everyone hate him...
stalvos, the email comes from blackbox
and not that annoying, just slightly. makes him recognizable.
i think he's annoying, but he's a character. i didn't even hate palpatine for killing off a guy who used a purple lightsaber, the racist bastard. ;)
what email dies the shipping notice come from ?
where's that chicken cup?
damn autocorrect! how do you get witteman from with?!
grrr! i hate it when ks eats my comments!
oh, and zem, i saw that you said jarjar was annoying in an endearing kind of way. i disagree. i think he's obnoxious in an 'i want to burn your face with fire and acid and fill your body cavities witteman fire ants' kind of way.
yeah he did,  it was awesome
lol, no. about how strong the force is with someone
no, i know, i just forgot to separate the statements. i meant the chancellor killed samuel l jackson as well near that scene.
trinkets, that would explain why sidious killed plagueis, eh?
it depends who's on top.
no, palpatine is sidious. plagueis was sidious' master
i mean, how else to you explain why the force is strong with some, but not others?
oh yeah, he does. plagueis is my favorite darth. he also kills samuel l jackson, so... maybe if you're famous, you shouldn't be in a star wars. wait a minute, harrison ford has gotten way more famous since he starred in them... holy shit, they're gonna kill off old han solo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
also, i don't have a problem with midichlorians. i think it's funn that some people think they're never mentioned again after 1, but palpatine talks about them in 3 when he's telling anakin about darth plagueis
i would agree if not for the part where luke and leia are revealed to be brother and sister at the end of 3 being a big deal if you've already seen 4 and 5. it's not a big deal if the reveal is in 6.
i would show the original order first, just for backstory and reference. see, it does include anikin's origin, though it's not critical to knowing who he and (spoiler!) darth vader are. then after they know the whole story, i'd go showing them the more detailed and rearranged one so they know what changes to the original story that everyone else knows and how it's better or worse. besides, they get to see them all twice before the new one! i hope midichlorians make a comeback just to screw with the fanbois.
for the record, i was a staunch supporter of the 4 to 3 order until i read all of machete's blog post about it. when i first heard the order, i thought it was bonkers
and if jarjar makes a cameo, it needs to be of him catching a bowcaster bolt with his face
but they kill neeson! the two most important characters are killed, and only one of them is ever even mentioned again. and he's only mentioned once! episode i does have lts place, yeah. that is as a footnote to the rest of the saga, as it was made. i'll probably show my kids episode i after i finish showing them the others
i hope jarjar makes a cameo! or his great-great-great grandson. and who cares if it doesn't contribute anything but liam neeson? it's still a pretty good movie.
it's not that i hate episode i, i just agree that it's contribution to the saga is minimal at best. i also can't stand jarjar. i'm optimistic about vii
i have, i just happen to be apparently the only nerd who likes the movies in the current order. though i do agree on the 4 to 3 order, not 1 to 6. and 7 will have to try really damn hard to even exist in my mind.
and the machete order makes perfect sense after you read his explanation on his blog. you should look it up
zem, it's perfectly fair
my package was marked as delivered 8/1, i contact blackbox shortly thereafter to let them know it had not been delivered and i still haven't heard back :(
md, i felt like that too. but then i realized i couldn't play 10 games a day like i have since i got mine. hello again. i really haven't been on much recently have i?! like 3 comments a day! i either haven't been at my computer or have been gone entirely for the last several days. maybe soon i'll get back into the swing of things and be here regularly dozens of times per day again. not fair, lz, for doing this and resetting all the work i did in trying to catch up to you!
a little surprise was delivered to my door today! the quality of the box and cards are amazing! the surprise was amazing! my personalized greeting was amazing! seriously. i think i'm going to frame it.
hey! i love my new exploding kittens game except my "surprise" doesn't work. :( i looked to the fb page & tried opening it near light but it's still not working. maybe the sensor got knocked out of place. can you help me please? thanks!
hey guys, just wanted to say thanks for everything in this kickstarter.  i've been burned a few times on kickstarter campaigns and this by far was the best experience i have had so far.  from being overly informative as well as being quick and delivering a fantastic product made this awesome from start to finish.
just picked up mine from a dhl service point (@netherlands)... shweeet!
woo hoo! *now* i've got an email from ek that they are checking with bb on my shipping :-)
scott, you can not nope a defuse. i believe the rules still say that. shuffling a hand before a random card is taken is perfectly fine, though.
was playing some 'splodin kittens and i have a question that some players disagreed on: can you nope a defuse? and when you have a pair of cats, and are going to grab a card out a players hand, should the other player be able to shuffle their hand before you randomly take one?
no confirmation of shipping email and no responses from either of the support emails in 48hrs, not even and automated "we got your email". :-(
picked up mine in vancouver canada today! hooray :)
@ryan, ouch. looks like you've been fedex'd (i'm totally trademarking tha!)
@jay, yeah, that would have been great if that could happen. hope you get it soon!!
i sent one email to blackbox and the other email to the support address themselves. if the same people are checking both...oh well don't provide both to the public then.
agree with gm. if you have already sent an email or 2 to the correct address to deal with your problem, more emails will not help the situation. patience must be shown. heck, it might even take a week or longer, but you will get your problems solved.
@eric already did that but thanks for the info, now i gotta just sit and wait...i was hoping to stop the box from being returned but i guess that wont happen.
for those sending multiple emails...that will just slow things down as they will be checking the emails, thinking they've seen that before, looking back through the emails, realizing "yes, we did see this concerned backers email before", and taking that extra time to move along the lines of emails that need to be dealt with for the first time.
@jay, you won't get any replies for what you are seeking answers too, here in the comments section.  the following is direct from the ek team: if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool it may take a few more days to hear anything
ugh the shipping by fed ex post is atrocious, they leave it to the 'local' post office in california to be delivered to me (i live in hawaii) date was dropped off at the 'local' post office august 1st . . . the logistics of the shipper is confusing it would have been just easier to have sent it out by priority mail or even regular mail.
@brian the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool don't expect to get an instant reply, it may take a while. hang in there buddy
my box was supposed to be delivered days ago but fedex rejected as incorrect address even though the email sent to me was correct...i suspect you guys cut off my apt number on the fedex label....i've sent two emails with no reply from you guys...can someone reply to me?
still no box or email at all for me..... :/
congratulations,  @jey47key and @alex ander
woehoe! arrived today @netherlands
i got mine yesterday (paris, fr)
http://www.momastore.org/mobile/product/productdetails.form… ooooh yeah!!
wha????!!!?!! i can haz one?? thanks for the info, creeper!
you can order it online, trinkets!  i'm not sure about them directly, but i think the moma store is selling them now.
i really wish i had a butterup knife for tonight. hopefully they will do another ks project.
@sur0x  be patient, but be vigilant.  give it a couple days, but then i would contact blackbox again if you haven't heard from them at that point yet.
emailed gameofkittens support and blackbox support, neither of them helped me yet, its been 2 days, gameofkittens support said that they "think" my order is shipped, but i have no blackbox mail with tracking number. blackbox support didn't replied yet. i'm assuming it's not shipped, dont know what do. :/
yay david!
did not receive tracking information (did receive the blackbox notification), but the exploding kittens were deiivered by dhl today (in the netherlands). hurray! and it looks great.
i hope you get the chance, she is definitely worth meeting.  perhaps if we can get a kitten-con together.
not in persion, but just through e-mail, and twitters.
you've met her creeper?
*dutko sorry, my phone is still drunk
@richard ditka nobody likes a braggert ;-) just kidding. congratulations!!
hey, if lz shares it with one, he needs to share it with all!!!!!
i agree, pot - incredibly smart, sweet and friendly.
i'm very fortunate, she attended my first play test party and stayed to help with the crowd.  she was great, very friendly and personable.  a real asset to the creative team and a lovely young person.
i got mine!!!
lz! forward forward! i wanna see!  (the smile-inducing email)
i haven't, but i have emailed back and forth with her some
isn't she?  have you met her?
bella is awesome
that said, bella is flying to chicago this weekend to bring me my replacement standard deck. okay.... actually she was coming anyway...  but she said she would bring me my replacement deck.
don't hate da playa,  hate da game!!!!
if you have an issue...  send an email to support@explodingkittens.com be as descriptive as you can in a short subject so the proper person on staff can address your issue.  then be polite and descriptive of your problem in the body of the email. be patient.  there are literally thousands of emails going in and out, they will get to you.
@matthew the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool don't expect to get an instant reply, it may take a while. hang in there buddy $
@trinkets.  don't hate me because i got something you desperately wanted and didn't get, hate me because..... never mind, go ahead and hate for getting what you wanted and didn't get.
i haven't seen any tracking information or a package...  help? thanks!
i bet they hit closer to 99% shipping accuracy when all the dust settles.
95% successful shipping rate still leaves almost 11,000 backers with problems.
@gcod, brilliant.  unless you have to clean it up, then maybe rethink that.
according to my tracking number, my package was returned to the sender. i moved before the game shipped, but i re-did the pledge master survey to add  my new address, and i also put in a change of address at the post office. i'm mostly upset at the post office, because they have my new address and should be forwarding my mail, but i'm also disappointed that the survey didn't save my new address. i replied to the blackbox email but haven't heard anything back yet, so i have now also sent an email to explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool :(
mine was taped, and in a plain brown box. didn't even say explosive anywhere on it. it was also packed with peanuts...might let my cat sit in there for a few minutes tonight, then have him run around the house.
realistically, for 220,000 backers, fulfillment has been pretty smooth overall.
@jeff, i'm very curious about the same, especially with the number of backers.
even though mine wasn't taped, i had no problems with the contents.
i ordered two nsfw sets and got a taped blue box
creeper, i did get the email. my smile was broad
also, i wonder what the ratio of completed orders is, since we've seen comments from lots of folks saying they got theirs.  50%? 60%? 80%?
@gcod, i ordered one set of regular and nsfw. it came in a blue box, untaped, that had exploding kittens stamped on the side of it.
it seems that canada is not that far after all! i got my games very quickly ! thank you!
@eric, these two address my concern and would probably be most easily resolved with an update: why are people down the street getting the game and my tracking says a few weeks i never got an email saying it's shipped currently, due to mixed messages, we don't know what the schedule is and, as of tuesday, ek told us we could freak out if we hadn't heard anything by tuesday (8.04). the others could be addressed or directed something like this: issues likely requiring no email with possible resolutions: i didn't get my pledge manager i never hot my backers survey issues requiring email: i got the wrong cards i got someone else's packing slip i got an empty package my box is damaged i've moved my info is wrong on my shipping email issues to contact shipper first, then contact ek/blackbox: tracking says it's delivered, but no package post office said undeliverable address no, it wouldn't resolve all issues and yes, some emails would be sent despite being addressed in the update, but it would help if there was some communication going on.  i'm not suggesting a panacea, but a basic guide.
hello, all; i'm still around, but haven't been in here much due tot he massive amounts of folks asking questions ... figured the signal to noise ratio would be better without my comments.  that said, what's this "blue shipping box" that wasn't taped? i ordered five full sets, so mine came in a normal brown box -- i take it that single deck orders came in some kind of purpose made shipping box?
why, when this project started, didn't we change all uses of now to meow? maybe we could start doing that right meow.
how are things going, @creeper?
creeper! !!!!
i think that black box isn't the name, it is what is in charge of the company. one big black box.
hi kittens!  lz- did you ever get that email you were expecting?
we got our shipping notification on 7/30. blackbox asked us to let them know if our address had changed. it had changed and we replied to their email as instructed that same day. today we saw the game was delivered to the old address. we emailed them again...they don't give out much information, do they. blackbox, is anyone home? anyone? blackbox...?
i just received the package (it was outside my mailbox, they didn't buzz! wtf?), lucky, it wasn't stolen. my girlfriend ninja-opened the box and... triggered the surprise, she jumped and got scared, i laughed hard!!! ahaha probably the best product i pledged on kickstarter!
pot, i did notice the new art
different issues i have heard of: i didn't get my pledge manager i got the wrong cards i got someone else's packing slip i got an empty package post office said undeliverable address my info is wrong on my shipping email i never got an email saying it's shipped i've moved i never hot my backers survey tracking says it's delivered, but no package my box is damaged why are people down the street getting the game and my tracking says a few weeks that's a lot of different situations that require looking into and trying to get everything figured out.
@eric, i'd like a bit more detail including rough expectations on completion of shipping.  blackbox and ek have made that extremely unclear with conflicting messages and should be clarified.  overall i think an update with these topics would benefit: 1. shipping timeline 2. common issues and resolutions not requiring email 3. issues requiring email and response from ek/blackbox @owen, i didn't say it would "stop the flooding of questions".  i said it "could reduce their email load".  simply put, i think there are many people with identical issues that can be addressed in a general update.  that's not everyone and that's not all issues, but many.
@pot, way to rub it in our faces that some of us didn't get to playtest this!!!!!!
@lz.  i imagine deacon boo hair would be almost as difficult to harvest, probably almost as valuable too. i have to say, i am impressed with the packaging as well as the quality of the cards.  i think this is going to hold up pretty well. to those of you who did the play test, have you noticed the new art?
@tommy: wait, you think that an update would stop the flooding of questions? i highly doubt that. people will constantly be pestering them, taking up their time from fixing the issues to try and answer/classify everyone's complaints/concerns(especially people who send more than one email just because they don't receive a reply).
got my kittens today in germany! everything was perfectly packed and sealed. so no trouble there. now i am waiting for my gf to come home to unpack and explore it :o thank you for this awesome kickstarter project!
@tommy,  i completely agree. even if it was just something like, 'hey guys, we've gotten your emails and are working on getting things to you asap.' you wouldn't be getting any info, but just that much could mean a lot to people.
received today, thx :)
i also found that playing a skip turn or shuffle after another player sees into the feature is a safe bet. because: if it bad for you, they will leave it. if it is good for them, they will leave it. if it is bad for them, they will change it. in which case you have to change it back anyways. the last option is that it does not really matter because there are no game changing cards in the three they saw, in which case, who cares, you only used a skip or what ever.
so has there been any disscusion on game mechanics here yet? i am sure there was somewhere...  i find that holding onto the cards works the best. then playing a bunch of favor cards when you have collected 2-3 pairs to reduce the size of your opponents hand to increase the probably of randomly getting their defuse card(s). you should never play skip turns or attacks until the deck is down to less then a few cards or the ek pops up. shuffles and see into the feaure cards are also best kept to the end game or unless someone got the ek and defused it (they could have put it on top).
@eric, indeed some issues can only be addressed with a direct email, but many others can be addressed with a general update.  i suspect my problem is in that category.  instead of being swamped by the same question requiring the same response, they could reduce their email load and free themselves up to better address problems. for that reason, it shouldn't be quiet on the update front.
i meant to say mine was a dragon boob hair sleeve. my phone decided that deacon was a better word to use
also, emails will go unanswered for a while; they are getting so many that it will take time to get to yours
lol no eric, i do not feel bad. it was a very reasonable question given this project is the largest crowd funded project of all time. it makes me feel good that i was part of it and extremely impressed by the ek teams ability to deliver.
mine was in a deacon boob hair sleeve
i did, @pot,  but mine is ambidextrous
@tommy, i believe that there is quite a lot of different situations they are dealing with so, i think it would still require a few different emails for all situations. i understand your frustrations,  but it's going to be quiet on the update front
did everyone get the same special surprise?  a solid gold exploding kitten logo key fob  in a eu friendly flannel sleeve?
i got mine!  hee whack campers! ! ! there has been a small error in the shipment, i got one too many nsfw decks and one too few regular decks, but i'm sure we can get that sorted out.
i think a simple update regarding the overall status of shipping would go a long way to relieve those of us who are still waiting.  between blackbox and the ek team they've created conflicting expectations and it should be clarified.  this isn't a job for overwhelming emails, but just a broad update.
i am also still waiting for a shipment confirmation. i @tweeted the team and sent a mail to both support addresses, no reaction in over a day...
@john: same as with mindie, except you are going to want to email blackbox(second address) to get that information, elan isn't personally mailing every box. blackbox(third party shipper) is doing so.
@mindie: the logic behind how/when things are shipped is unknown to us. your best bet is to follow the instructions that the ek team have given for these types of situations: the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
well mine got sent back for some unknown reason, although i specified the correct address in the 3rd-party survey they used (instead of kickstarter).  i've emailed elan twice to find out what happened and have received no response.  *sigh*
i ordered mine way before my co-workers. they got theirs monday. i still haven't received a tracking #. :(
glad i can help, trinkets. i'm just forestalling the inevitable. i need to do some statistical analyses to establish/adjust qc ranges
*safe.......... my phone is drunk early today
canada is saved!!!
@bakhan: it was actually just lightly raining when i left work. and didn't pick up again until after i was at home. so it wasn't too bad, the garden is a little flat though.
@gm, how'd you fair in the weather yesterday?
@trinkets: you've been doing a fine job. while i've been snooping in every now and then as i run report after report after report(for each pay day since january 1st, this year).
thank you fir this aweseme game! tried yesterday and it is very nice!!! meow :)
got mine! :d
good to see you, @lz. i've been the lone gunman here trying to get the people the correct info on problems, etc.
@lord zombitten: thanks for clarifying. somehow this must have slipped by on some puffy feet ^^. makes me happy even more :).
@sheijtan, yes thst is what you can do. it was indeed plannef
got mine and i have to say: amazing! love everything i got. but a small question: so i understand correctly, that with the nsfw expansion i can play with up to 9 persons now? that would be great. during the ks i thought this was not planned.
@danny, according to the ek twitter https://twitter.com/gameofkittens/status/626073825931694080 since it is now passed tuesday, you can freak out. i've received a blackbox email stating "in a few weeks", but the ek twitter makes it sound like all should have shipped by this past tuesday.  now that we've passed the official ek freak out deadline, i wish they'd update those of us in shipping limbo.
@danny, the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
so excited to get mine yesterday! (canada) everyone loved it - and the packaging too. best bit so far was when an opponent inadvertently blew himself up while trying to be very cunning... trickiest bit, keeping the nsfw cards away from the kids. :p  thanks for an amazing campaign and even delivery timing as planned!! awesome job.
i haven't gotten my black box email yet...is there something i can do?
@jen, patience is a virtue.  they have a lot to deal with and will get your problem sorted out as quick as they humanly can.
@gm, me too. waiting for game night friday.
um....the zip on my package was messed up. i email blackbox several days back and got no response. halp? i need kittens.
i still haven't played mine yet. waiting for my friend to be able to get together and play.
played with my 7-year old son today and while he doesn't speak/read english, he had no issue playing the game once i explained the icons and colors on the cards. oh, and he can't stop laughing at the artwork! :d
got mine today. that comic strip made my day. thanks!
@poz, now don't you feel bad for raising such a stink about the delivery time-frame?
@krxon, if mine came damaged, i wouldn't hesitate to contact them about it. i understand it's not the end if the world, but it is the ks exclusive special box.
i got my exploding kittens and had a few great games with my girlfriend until she wanted to kill me! all done within 5 days after the estlimated delivery date! very well done! xd
multiple feline explosions detected in puerto rico.  ended up laminating and framing the slip.
@eric: yep, it arrived in white bubble mailer, which imho isn't ideal solution, because it contained two boxes, so it was prone to bending. middle part of bubble envelope had small tear.
got my 'sploding stuff today. everything a-ok! rotterdam, the netherlands will be filled with craters soon(tm) ;)
@krxon, yours came in a bubble mailer and not a box?
i got my kittens yay \o/ unfortunately, because of either sloppy postman or person in international delivery process, magnetic card holding box arrived little bit crushed on one side.  it's not biggie, cards are undamaged, but one of the kittens in the backyard passed away just because of stress. rip! you might put a sticker on bubble envelope: "please don't sit on it"
yes, about star wars. i can't explain the machete order as well as the machete can, but i can give it  a go
about star wars?
zem? zem! zem, where are you? i need to explain something
lol.@jaco, isn't that the point of a drinking game?
@eric i saw that earlier - i guess the way to go is to just wing it and make up your own rules. that dude's rules will get you all sorts of messed up in no time at all!
@jaco pienaar google search for exploding kittens drinking game rules.  someone put some rules on reddit.com. i think they made up their own rules.
the ek drinking game link is broken (404) - does anyone have a link to the rules (yes i know i can make my own up - would just like to check out the 'official' rules)
arrived safely in australia... awesome! loving the surprise in the box too!
****backers having issues***** if you have sent an email to either of them that were listed in my previous comment,  just know that even if you aren't getting a response from them, doesn't mean that they aren't trying to fix your situation.  the exploding kittens team has stated that they will do everything to get your kittens to you. it will take time to get everybody's issues corrected, and i'm sure they are working very hard to fix everything as fast as they possibly can.
for anyone having issues: the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
austrian (no kangaroos there) arrived yesterday. thanks exploding kitten team. it's amazing
arrived safely nsw, australia
thank you guys.. you guys have delivered in your promised schedule! the box arrived in excellent condition, and the surprise was pretty cool :)
i did no receive all of my rewards for supporting. i've left a message on the facebook page and replied to the shipping email but have received no replies. trying here, but not sure where else i can ask or go... can anyone help me out?
comment 3701: i'm so framing the slip! nice surprise. and i giggled too, more than once. every time. guess i've got a soul after all ;) thanks, ek team!
have enjoyed many many happy games since the boxes arrived. loved the delivery note - and the inside of the box. my 6 year old daughter loved it and my significantly older (but not necessarily wiser) gaming friends enjoyed it too. great fun - and thanks.
everything arrived yesterday in extremely perfect conditions (modena, italy). thank you guys, this game is amazing!! lol xd
best receipt ever. thanks for the great lols right out of the box. got my boxes today all the way in tasmania. i can't wait to get a few friends over and give it a crack. thanks for the epic goodness.
i exploded with laughter when i saw the surprise in the box
so for me, i have not received it yet, however i'm not worried since the e-mail i got from blackbox said: "your backer reward for the exploding kittens kickstarter project will be shipping in the next couple weeks."
the mailman exploded us from our sleep ;) totally worth it. it looks awesome, and a lot of laughs has exploded :) thanks for an awesome game!
just wondering why i have not received an email about providing my address? am i one of the lucky ones that doesn't get anything?
i've sent out two previous messages (one to elan lee and one on your facebook page) and i haven't heard back from anyone yet.  i haven't received my game yet and i was told via email that it was going to arrive on saturday the 1st of august. please help!!
got my kittens yesterday!!! your box surprise gave me and my cats heart failure as none of us expected that lol!!! too funny!!! thanks! so excited to play!! <3
i still have not received my copy can anyone help me please
kittens arrived in ireland , relatively unexploded...............................oh wait
switzerland has been hit with exploding kittens. awesome letter that came with it. love it.
i'm in spain and i got my games yesterday.... so glorious!!!! excellent job!!! the cards are way better than i imagine. big tacocat love for you all...
i'm in spain and i got my games yesterday.... so glorious!!!! excellent job!!! the cards are way better than i imagine. big tacocat love for you all...
received with thanks and also a massive thank you to blackbox what an excellent service.
just for fun and giggles... and because there has been a slight increase in activity: the top20 file:///home/petwoe/.kde/share/apps/konsole/ipython.profile 2015-08-06 04:06:03 utc 1. melissa "taser creeper" nicole 7064 2. evan "dr. potatten™" jibberjabber 6588 3. lord zombitten 5107 4. micah "zem the mattress" philson 4042 5. tsveta koleva - idle/wild 3700 6. geist de la muerte gatito 3517 7. jeff "great cane of doom"™ saxton 3490 8. experiencing life to the fullest-da wolf 2530 9. mike kabala 2445 10. powers of tesla 2377 11. owen "great mountain" middleton 2318 12. Προφέσσορ Φ 2252 13. eric 'trinkets&nopes' baumgarten 2242 14. brucep - chameleon prime 2163 15. epicderpguy 2004 16. anja "cha!" allen 1946 17. rod "bakhan" mitchell 1902 18. chris "the historian" loth 1894 19. catness 1723 20. "diamond dan" drake 1455 ... and some new graphs: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/23263053/ek/graphs.html
still waiting for my copy.. i know dubai is far but i can't wait!! i have friends waiting to play this game too and they are counting on this :p
forgot to mention that the reason that's also so amazing is that, in case you didn't know from my nickname, the hitchhiker's guide is possibly my favorite book/series/story/trilogy ever. it's the longest trilogy ever, as well. if that joke didn't completely fly over your head, try reading the books. you can thank me later.
i just found out by accident that my birthday, may 25, is towel day, about the famous hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy scene. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/towel_day
lz, i really don't understand the machete order. there's no good reason to cut out 1. the only things i've heard are "jarjar is annoying", yes, but in an endearing way, the whole point of his character, and "f*** midichlorians." just because they were brought up in the fourth movie and then ditched doesn't mean they're a stupid afterthought. and don't bring up the books as proof; they were written about the movies, which is a rare backwards. the rest of the reorganization is up to you, though. it works out well that way, but i prefer chronological order in stories.
got it, love it!
got my decks yesterday ! thanks guys ! good job, just in time for the weekend !
whoo hoo! i sent an email today to see if i could get 5 cards that were damaged replaced. and just received an email saying they are forwarding the request to distribution and will be sending me a whole new deck!
correct order is the machete order: iv, v, ii, iii, vi. i like ii. iii is my favorite of the prequels. i is kinda pointless. jarjar drives me nuts
just make sure to watch them all in order (yest, 4 to 3 order). i don't understand why fanbois all hate the first and second ones. the second is my favorite! i don't know why, but i equate it to my favorite pink panther, a shot in the dark.
just introduced little lz to star wars episode iv (gotta start him off right, eh?)
w'ello, everyone. just played like 7 games with all of my brothers from both decks! it's a great game! that makes probably around 30+ rounds since i got this on friday! though i didn't play till saturday.
got ours! and we have had fun!!!!!
oops, i'll try this again the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
in case things get rowdy in here tonight, i'll leave this: - the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool_goodnight everyone
@dylan,  tacocat loves the sun. try it in a very bright area.
got mine here in thunder bay, ontario (it knew) very cool!  both decks but man i don't want to have an empty nsfw box, it saddens me as its soo good.  :)
my red box surprise seems to have died already :( no noise
just got mine in australia! best project ever backed, thank you for making this game and loved the awesome personalized letter! you guys are the best kitten game masters! *bows down*
@david, no. i don't believe so
received packages, hooray!  played 4 times, the border/sides of the cards is already bruised and peeling off ? is this normal? :(      i would recommend everybody to sleeve their cards before playing
was the surprise supposed to have flashing lights too?
the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
says package delivered and no kittens at my house... anyone else have this issue... called the post office and no luck either...
hell***
@gm about time! play the he'll out of them....
@lord zombitten, will do, thanks!
no, you should have received everything in one package. contact blackbox at the address listed below
@ lord zombitten yeah, just one red deck and they all say "first edition" in the corner. is the nsfw deck shipping separately?
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
sara, just to clarify, you didn't get a red box with cards and a black box with cards, just one of the two?
@sara gill, i'm pretty sure that the nsfw deck comes seperately.
got my box! love the secret. however, i pledged $40 which told me "one copy of the exploding kittens deck plus one copy of the nsfw deck. this is a deck of bonus cards that were too horrible/incredible to include in the kid friendly version. (ages 30+)" and i seem to only have one deck in my box.
@gm huzzah!
got home to a lovely box sitting on the counter. no casualties. also, my box was taped shut, no indication of it being opened to inspection at all.
just received it in edmonton! thank you so much!
thanks guys. have only played a 2 player game, but there will be many lols. the pope of nope commands it!
received in the furthest reaches of saskatchewan!  looks great, thanks for an awesome product!
home now. still no word. *grumble grumble*
i picked mine up today.  very pleased with the cards the boxes and everything.  thanks for a fun, pain free campaign.
got my copy in the mail today. great packaging and i loved the surprise! can't wait to play.
waiting in line at the post office now!
well i have played a few games of ek now...its great! have not had the right people to play the nsfw version yet lol
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
so i received my exploding kittens set today. to my horror the post office had opened my set removed the film and put a big cut into my beautiful new box! can i send them a real exploding kitten or is there a chance i can get a new box that hasn't been damaged with a box cutter?
i remember checking my email everyday for a new update to see how things where going
that does sound pretty funny
@lz, last year, they compiled a list and sent it out with comments for their 12 days of kwanza or whatever... was pretty funny...
i don't know what cah does, but i was remembering how we used to keep track of stretch goal requests
double nope card that can't be noped
@lz, the way that cah does?
we should start keeping track of expansion ideas
just played tonight - great fun. also, there's so much room for extra cards, for example change the turn order, or attack the player of your choice.
arrived today :d packaging looks great, surprise is cute :) can't wait to play :d
alright thanks rod i didn't really think about that i feel kinda bad cos i forgot he would be busy loving em sad i didn't buy the nsfw deck just it was too expensive as i would have pay 50 dollars as there would be delivery
your kitten corps confirmation will arrive in the next few weeks
@fuzzyboots, i think he's just crazy busy!  he'll get to it, no worries!
it worked. thank you guys! youre awesome!
nope
hey where do you find the members of the kitten corps cos i sent cheetah butt my application form but i haven't been added to the roster
are you "kitten" me?
tacocat is going to get skin cancer
it needs moar light!
@benedikt,  tacocat loves the sun
sorry! didnt want to spoil anything. i am just a little bit sad, that it lasts so short.
benedikt!  don't ruin the fun surprise! i just got my exploding kittens shipment and it is awesome!  i really appreciate all of the hardwork and dedication that you all have put into this game everything down to the packaging!
thanks for the fast answer. thats great. but one bad news: my box has stoped to make cat noices.
zem, i know you're really just giving me time to widen the gap; it's okay
benedikt, on the lower left corner of the front of the cards there are tiny letters. the ones from the nsfw deck say nsfw. the ones from the standard deck say 1st edition or something like that
@benedikt, yep, they are labeled its pretty fine writing in orange colour on the bottom of the left side.
it's been so busy in here lately and i've been away from here more than possibly ever other than our vacation.
got it today in germany!! fantastic... we played it directly and hat a lot of fun!!!
when i mix both decks, because we want to play with 8 people - how can i separate the two decks after the game? are there any symbols that differ between the original edition and nswf?
i'm finally home from work and there is a box in my mail. they are there ! yeeah baby ! let's defuse some exploding kittens ! thank you so much :) (from belgium) ... hey ? ! what are you doing ? wait, i'm not ready wai ... krrr kraaak kabooom
@lz, i think the corps is like hotel california in that way...
good luck with the bad weather!!
@gm, i was just outside (working in the se) and its not looking too pretty.  oh well, what do you do right?  we're going to get wholloped again!
just kidding about wanting him to leave.
i hope so,  being my evil twin and all.
mmmmm! midnight steak!
no, just in a conference call.
...so did tchotchke leave?
darker than a black steer's tuchus on a moonless prarie night?
@bakhan: did you look at that link i put in? there is a post in there from cochran, about 5min ago...blacker than hell out there.
*adjust
****spoiler alert. spoiler alert. spoiler alert. spoiler alert. spoiler alert. spoiler alert. you may have to open the top flap and adjuay the photosensor into tacocat's right eye.
@cory a bright sunny area is best to open it in. it has nothing to do with speed.
@vinzius mine does not. no matter how fast i open or close it, or shake the box. it is not triggering a second time.
@russell the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
arrived perfectly in dublin ireland. love it thanks guys
*cory.
@corey, actually, tacocat loves the sun.
woot just exploded my first kitten!!!!!!
i got my set and the nsfw set. women now throw themselves at me when i walk down the street. white cops and black men embrace each other in mutual understanding in my presence. my landlord offered to pay me to stay in the apt for increase property value.
just got mine. everybody was so happy with the surprise! :d
anyone in california got theirs yet? i have not even gotten the email stating it has shipped. getting worried.
@cory the surprise activates with speed. just open quickly ^^
do i need to do anything special to have the special surprise work ? the first time i opened the box it made a sound, but all subsequent times it does nothing. is it a one time thing?
yes!  got mine! :d  thanks!
just got my copy. i can't wait to bring it to my board game club on monday!
i couldn't pick it up yet but my package arrived today in austria! i'm extremely amazed - the other projects i backed took weeks to ship! can't wait to see what's the secret item in the box!
@brent a brewer  mine did too...but i went ahead and just mailed it to its rightful owner. i figure they probably want it as much as i want mine. i contacted support but no response yet.
got my package today in tennessee and it's great! the box the game came in was actually not sealed though, i'm glad i had some honest postmen :)
received my package of exploding kittens on monday. my friends and i love both the art and gameplay so far! we've combined both the normal and nsfw packs.  the "surprise" was amusing but didn't last very long.
i'm following the tweets that are popping up on the calgary herald page for yesterdays storm. they are at the bottom, and update every few moments. http://calgaryherald.com/news/local-news/severe-thunderstorm-watch-issued-for-calgary-and-area
@gm, damn! rain all day tomorrow as well!  boo!!!
@bakhan: take shelter, severe thunderstorm on it's way again today, same path as yesterday so far.
got my game, thanks for all your hard work guys.  would have commented when it arrived last week, but not had the chance until now.  wonderful game, myself and my group are greatly enjoying it!
tchotchke!!! i thought you had forgotten about us!
the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
why haven't i gotten an email about when i get my copy?!? and where is my exploding kittens?!?!
sorry to hear that!
my copy had someone else's packing slip
dead.  or nearly dead.  hard to tell these days.
tchotchke!!! how the hell are you?!
sadly still waiting on mine.  fedex says shipped on the 29th, estimated on the 7th.  :/
@lordzombitten....ahhhhh :)
spoiler alert.  spoiler alert.  spoiler alert. spoiler alert. @nxumdon, open your special regular deck hinged lid box in a bright/sunny area.
@michael, your co-worker is awesome!  congrats!
@nxumdon tacocat loves the sun. open the red box in a brightly lit room
i received the blackbox email saying they were going to send it to me, but no tracking number yet.  sad kitty.  the good news is that my co-worker ordered 2 decks and 2 nsf decks.  she was awesome and gave me one, i will just give her one when mine arrive.... so time to boom!
now all we need are some schwetty balls....
@bakhan, yes! !  when you hit the "post comment" button. by the time you refreshed, your comment was 2 pages back, lol.
good times, indeed
i remember having to continually copy and paste the same three answers in over and over and over and over because people would be asking questions so fast that the answers to last 100 people who just asked that question rolled off the page.  good times.
what was the surprise supposed to be?  i think i didn't get mine :(
this is for tacocat.  and anyone else who likes to rock! https://youtu.be/ifca32_7yuu
oh remember the traffic in the old days? we liked it, we loved it!  it was all we had, and we were just fine with it! none of this mamby pamby one or two comments per minute stuff for us!
i'm still all for making a digital version and getting all 200,000 backers in one big free-for-all game.  of course, it might take a few years for your turn to come around again.
yes, lots of traffic. not like back in the glory days, but tons more than a couple of weeks ago.
elan told me that they have to focus on fixing all the messed up kickstarter orders before working on anything else
looks like a lot more traffic on the comments section.  shocked!
no pressure here but........i'm ready for my expansions. no rush. take a week or two then i need mooooooooore kittehs!
tacocat loves the sun
thou hast not been found worthy, jack evans!!!!
kittens just arrived, but sadly my surprise does not work :(
they need to take some direction from river song
http://9gag.com/gag/aom0z3v
according to the tracking number...the kittens have landed at home. hopefully no explosions before i get there.
ron livingston's sister is one of our local news anchor.
@sharon, not that i know of, but if you don't want your surprise spoiled, i wouldn't read too many of these comments. lots of people jump in and announce it all willie-nillie.
the ratio of people to cake is too big.
is there a support group for people who got the iou email (will ship in the next few weeks, and don't contact us until after sept. 18 if you haven't received it)? i have to be careful looking at my facebook feed because people are posting photos and i'd like *my* surprise to still be a surprise whenever the game i ordered finally shows up.
but, but i didn't get any cake last year and i was told that i would get a piece and an-- okay, but i get a piece
@lz, nice one! me too! its my, my stapler, if i don't get my stapler back, i'ma set this place on fire! ;)
goat + fire = bbq
i like my stapler because it's red and it's a swingline...
you had me at goat
if i don't get it, we'll see if my stapler can survive the fire.
@lz, you had me at fire!
@bakhan so true...
when i hear, everyone will know. there will either be fireworks or fire without the works, depending on the answer
@lz, there have been so many awesome times here with the corps!  i still fondly remember your first goat selfie as if it was only yesterday...
i remember the red velvet nota love getting all over the cake in creeper's video. good times!
@trinkets, thanks for that, i wanted to ask, but have probably asked too many times already... ;)
sorry, i won't bring it up again ,lol
*grumble groan* no *mumble moan*
red velvet mite love.......now that's nsfw!!!
any word on the job lz?
@trinkets, depends on if its red velvet mite love... ;)
or both. my vote is for both
and depending on how your own minds work, my last comment could be regular or nsfw.
glad to see lots of love being thrown upon shane, elan, and the oatmeal!
got mine today - came in mint condition. love the thank you letter inside. great job!
got mine today and it was awesome opening the box in the middle of the office
loved the surprise in the box, a nice touch, and can't wait to play the game later tonight! what really got me though was the thank you insert, that had added an incredible personal touch and must have taken forever to get done. thank you so very much for renewing my faith in kickstarter, after being burned twice it was nice to receive something that truly felt special.
@aileen... the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
*@aileen
@ailee, you should probably let them know cause they said they would send an email from blackbox by tuesday which was yesterday.
holy sh!t... got my cards and soooooo much better than i could have even imagined.  you guys set the bar for how to successfully execute a kickstarter project.  i'm incredibly happy and really proud to have been a backer!
we are leaving for our wedding tomorrow so it arrived at the last second! so if we have some downtime on our honeymoon we have something to play with now - nswf of course ;) the letters on the cards are very small though. if you are shortsighted or a little older it will be really hard to read and the greatness of the illustrations really doesnt shine if you cant see the details. so that's a pity.
i have not yet received my decks, nor have i gotten a confirmation email :(
@jason nice spoiler alert...
got my standard and nsfw decks today. the 'cat meow' vocal thingy got a bit jostled in transport but once i reseated it properly it now works fine. the 'personalized' receipt was a really nice touch and i'm looking forward to playing this. thanks a lot to all the ek team !!
@james, either you have a clone or you didn't actually die. ......maybe you're a zombie!!
played our first few games at lunch today.  very good game, very tense, lots of interesting decisions.  the game is skill based like poker is, so it takes a few plays to average out the luck of the draw, but playing to 3-4 wins is pretty quick and a lot of fun.  quality of components is generally excellent, but the cards are a little see through in the corners, so if you're playing with jerks, don't let people randomly picking stare at them.
got mine right now, died of laughter after opening the box and getting the surprise.
thanks eric - i appreciate the feedback.
received my package yesterday.  couldn't be more pleased.  great work!
just received my kittens in germany. this stuff is pure awesomenes!
i agree dan. while there are people with questions, missing decks,  missing pledge managers, wrong addresses,.....just know that the exploding kittens team has stated that they will do everything to get your cards to you.   it just might be a few weeks and not much communication. just remember, you will get your kittens!!
i've been emailing explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool in regard to an incomplete shipment for 2 days now without any response. i realize there's a lot of backers with orders to fill, but at least an acknowledgment of my missing nsfw deck would go a long way.
not sure if this was already mentioned, but i just saw this pass by on 9gag http://9gag.com/gag/alb0b7x surely that will cause no issues whatsoever :d
fyi, 2 packages in austria have arrived today (mine + 1 colleague), never received a tracking number though. meoooooww :)
i did have a tracking number in my initial email. they will probably send that out to those who have the "next few weeks" thing when it gets sent out. i'm thinking the reason people got that, is because they are waiting on something that needs to be in the box, but i couldn't be certain since, well, i'm not part of either ek or blackbox.
so @gm, you had a tracking number in your initial email from blackbox?
@gm, i got the initial notification thursday last week but they haven't sent me anything else since hopefully they let me know sometime today.
@jeffrey the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
*figured *65. my phone is on a blackout drunk today!
so, if someone ordered more than 2 total decks, probably have the "next few weeks" and not a tracking number?
@timothy: i got the email notification i think thursday or friday last week, the tracking number updated that it was shipping friday evening(6pm-ish), and just checked it that it is out for delivery as of 9:30am today(1.5hours ago, distribution center 15min drive from my house).
i have yet to receive shipping information for my order.  should i have gotten something by now?
yeah, @gm, i digured. but a game of 64 people would be insane
@trinkets, gm is planning on playing with all of calgary! ;) @gm, only one of each deck.
@great mountain, wait so did you get a notification today that it was shipping?
oops, should be 65 people
@trinkets: some of them aren't for me. i had orders placed through me, via people who don't want a ks account.
just keeping this near the top. the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
@trinkets&nope, that makes sense since i ordered  2 × exploding kittens deck and 1 × exploding kittens nsfw deck.
and, i was right. it would get here before friday. it is out for delivery today. hopefully someone is home to accept it...if not, then guess i will make my way to the post office to grab it up.
holy cow, @gm!  are you playing a game with 33 people? lol.
@trinkets: i can guarantee if you ordered more than it will take longer. bakhan got his shipment(not sure how many he ordered), and mine is still in transit(i got 8 nsfw sets).
hmmmm. @icychris  had the same one earlier.  my only guess, is that there was a problem somewhere on blackbox's part and it's taking a little extra time to correct the mistake. not sure how many decks everyone ordered. i had the regular and nsfw. if you ordered more than  that, maybe that makes a difference how blackbox ships them?   just spitballing here.  too bad they can't send an email to everyone who has the "few weeks" delivery time and explain why it is taking longer and with no tracking number
@'bullkitten, mine says the same thing it makes me worried.
*no number
hello, your backer reward for the exploding kittens kickstarter project will be shipping in the next couple weeks. your order is being shipped by blackbox, the cool shipping company that everybody loves. you ordered 4 × exploding kittens deck and 4 × exploding kittens nsfw deck, and we’re sending it to you here:
@eric 't&n' baumgarten, darn mine doesn't say my shipping number it just shows what i ordered and my shipping address but number thanks though.
you said you did get an email from blackbox? can you copy and paste it on here?
elan said something on twitter the other day about them all being shipped by tuesday, so something bad must have happened because there are a lot of others in this boat. just wish they would say something, anything about it.
u.s. my friend who lives down the street from me got his saturday.
*bullkitten my phone is drunk again.
@bullkotten. are you in the us, or another country?
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
polly, the nsfw deck is ks exclusive
what's the best way to contact you guys about shipping questions?
@mark: i'm thinking that their profits are pretty much nothing. production costs were large, and kickstarter took about a million dollars right off the top.
thanks ek team!  i bought the dual-pack version as a gift for a good pal back home in canada, and it arrived in mint condition today. super cool the customized surprise inside.  i'm amazed that you were able to turn a small, manageable ks into a *massive* international production effort.... and do it well. there should be some kind of prize for that (well, beyond the ridiculous profits you've generated).  only teensy-weensy complaint:  it wasn't a blue box delivery - just a plain box. and as any cat owner knows, the toy is never the cat's meow, it's the box in which they can hide & play.
aaaaahh its here.
is the nsfw deck the only other deck there is? and will i ever be able to order it now that the campaign is over?
still no package or tracking email, only initial email from blackbox. contacted blackbox and ek over a week ago and several times since and no response from either.
anyone else having there package being transferred to usps, then the tracking not being updated since the 1st?
@icy chris  this is what my email said. so your is probably shipping, just no tra king number. hello, your backer rewards from the exploding kittens kickstarter project are shipping now. your tracking number is 61299991096820133663. your order is being shipped by blackbox, the cool shipping company that everybody loves. you ordered 1 × exploding kittens deck and 1 × exploding kittens nsfw deck, and we’re sending it to you here: united states if your address or rewards are wrong, just reply to this email and let us know. if you have any other questions or concerns, please, for the love of god, don’t email us. - blackbox, the company with the slogan: “blackbox: you gotta love that box!™”
i got my exploding kittens like promised
@rod i've sent an email (shortly after posting) to blackbox support and am trying to get ahold of my local post office (without any luck). i'll see what blackbox says and go from there.
i has my kitties...brain asplodedz.
houston, tx backer #57680 package arrived safe and sound
@robert,  the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly.  if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
has anyone else had issues where their package was not delivered because of an "incorrect address" even though the email containing your tracking number listed your correct address?
my exploding kittens (game) just arrived in the mail! everything is very high quality! very much looking forward to playing! big thanks to the team for all their hard work getting this out so quickly! :)
@eric: the mail said: hello, your backer reward for the exploding kittens kickstarter project will be shipping in the next couple weeks. your order is being shipped by blackbox, the cool shipping company that everybody loves. you ordered 2 × exploding kittens deck and 2 × exploding kittens nsfw deck, and we’re sending it to you here: ..... germany if your address or rewards are wrong, just reply to this email and let us know. if you don’t get your order by september 18th, please reply to this email and let us know. if you have any other questions or concerns, please, for the love of god, don’t email us. - blackbox, groove on this slogan: “blackbox: here comes box!™”
@gm, the regular deck comes in a box that will hold two, but only has one full deck.  the nsfw edition, has one deck in it, there are two trays, each with half of the deck in them.  the boxes are roughly the same size, but the insert in the nsfw is only half a deck deep.  better?
@icy chris the email from blackbox with a picture of a cat driven robot, shooting decks will have your tracking info on it. otherwise,  it's probably not shipped yet.
@dennis, as long as each box contained 56 cards, (i think it was 56 cards in each deck) you are golden. good morning, bakhan.
@bakhan: oh god...that means i'm getting 16 boxes...each with one deck(half nsfw half standard)...unless i'm reading that wrong.
@trinkets, good morning!
@dennis, did you pledge at the $35 level, without any add ons?  if so that was only for one of each deck.  inside the nsfw edition, the one deck is split in two.
i received my order of the standard deck plus the nsfw deck. however the standard deck only had one deck instead of the two decks. the nsfw has the correct amount of cards, 2 decks.
hi everybody, i received an e-mail by blackbox on july 31 with this topic: your order from exploding kittens is shipping soon! is this an confirmation for the shipping or does the shipping confirmation come with a seperate mail ?
@chris eklund the decks were initially sent in bulk to different "hubs" around the world. it's not like everything went from us to around the world. that would explain why some countries are getting them sooner than some domestic people. as for the "few weeks", i don't know. maybe your box accidentally went to a different "hub" and that's why it will take longer?
got mine today, very happy and excited to get people around to play.
8 consecutive posts by corps members. it's been a few days since that's happened
@bakhan: the storm drains in my community(in the ne) were so backed up the sidewalks were drowning. you could even see the whirlpool of water draining, but there was just so much of it. i was actually out with my mom, picking up one of my cousins who was coming for dinner. the piles of hail made it look like snow, it was kind of awesome.
@bakhan it's rough, but i'll survive
@lz, the anticipation is killing me! i can't imagine how you feel! ;)
@bakhan i hope so. i think i'll probably hear by friday.
i understand that. i normally can't get to sleep before midnight; but i didn't sleep well at all the night before because of the nerve butterflies
@gm, not one storm but two at the same time!  gotta love calgary weather!  we actually did pretty good up in the nw, the south got hit pretty hard though, flooded streets, large hail, etc. yuck! @lz, glad to hear it!  do you find out today?
@lz: i wish i could have. but years of not getting home until after midnight make it almost impossible to go to sleep earlier than that, unless i'm sick.
morning, gm! i slept for nearly 10 hours. it was great!
yay! very happy to come home to a nice surprise! so happy! wooooo!
morning corps. how's everyone doing? @bakhan: how did you fare after the storm yesterday?
i got a nice little package on my doorstep yesterday!  love the little surprise and the attention to details.  thanks for a great first time experience on kickstarter.  look forward to alot of exploding kittens in the future.
i know it is only the first week of august, but i'm curious as to how patient i should be, blackbox emailed me that my order would ship in a few weeks, i'm in the us, and people all around the world have been getting theirs for days now. did all of you receive some sort of tracking info prior to shipment? i would love to go home and find my kittens one day, but each day i'm finding only junk mail :-p i filled out that survey within minutes of recieving it, and my email from blackbox has the correct number of decks listed, and my information is correct, so i'm not sure why i have to wait weeks for it to ship.
my usps is being weird. first it said it was going to be delivered on monday 8/3/15, then when monday came along it changed to saying it will be delivered tuesday 8/4/15, then when tuesday late afternoon came along it now just says "pending" for delivery date.... :(
received mine in canada. it is an amazingly fun game.
our kittens have stalked us and we've gone ba-boom a few times each while having heaps of fun.  can't wait to play it at our local game night.  thanks for a fab project!
took mine down to the loading bar in dalston, london for their tabletop tuesday night (plug plug). both decks went down super well with many people wanting to buy decks themselves. went down so well that people were ignoring the featured game to play (sorry boss monster 2). thank you for creating such an awesome and fun game.
house burned in germany, thanks :-)
my kittens just arrived home! nice ultrafast shipment! niice surprise too!! it made me laugh a lot :d
finally got my exploding kittens! it is great! the secret surprise is also awesome!
i want my kitteh
the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
based in virginia here. filled out survey; pledged for 2 regular and 2 nsfw decks. have received nothing; no confirmation on shipping, no response from blackbox, nada. not really sure what my expectation should be.
@billy, two things, it needs light to work so make sure you have a bright enough source.  two, some people have commented on the light sensor falling out of place.  some have carefully opened one of the side flaps and re-adjusted the light sensor to the right postition.  hopefully that helps.
funny secret stopped working. received the game on thursday. lasted 5 days. probably opened the box 10 times.
i received my copy(romania)... kabum! thanks!
is there some swiss people who already received it ?
arrived in portugal today! loved the surprise :d thank you for the great game!!
good morning corps!
@gc, congrats!
received mine yesterday - absolutely incredible! thank you very much!
got mine in texas, extremely happy with every aspect. can't wait to play it this weekend. amazing kick starter. probably best i've been apart of out of 20.
got my cards yesterday, and almost shit my pants (for real) because of your added surprise! so, thanks! :d
today i found a rather tattered royal mail air   parcel in my mail. despite the announced delivery time of two weeks i found some well preserved exploding kittens inside. i am very pleased with the quality of the packaging and the cards, the cartoon and the surprise. kudos for the fast delivery to austria. thank you for the great kickstarter!
that package must have been on speed on his way to italy. thx guys!
got it yesterday, very surprised the game already made it to germany. looks great. the special lid effect got our two cats very interested in the game. funny observation: the packing slip is a little b/w cartoon that uses the address and name of each backer. however, since my last name is "becker", the cartoon says "to you and your fellow beckers". backers - beckers... get it? ha!
alomst arrived here found it lying on top of the mailbox and i live in an apartment block so any body could have taken it :s
arrived to spain. big laughs here too, thanks :)
very impressed by the shipping time! thanks for the funny secret. i opened the box at a time a lot of colleagues were around hahahaha! they were very impressed, as i am, by the quality. i'm going to have a great time with it. first runs tomorrow.. on my birthday. perfect timing! thanks so much for this awesome kickstarter. if you ever make another one, count me in! i absolutely loved every second of it. thanks again.
got mine today, but it is only the nsfw edition, not both, which i had ordered.. :(
arrived in belgium too; quite impressed by how quickly it got here. i read the rules and the cards, and, now, i'm quite sure something totally illegal was used, smoked or drunk (or all at once) during conception time! i'm gonna try it soon. i just hope the way my friends look at me will not change after that....
just got ours in regional queensland. we already love it, brilliant!
delivered today to slovakia by huge surprise. blackbox give me no notification about shipping, no tracking number, nothing,... also no blue box for me, and deck box is damaged but surprise inside works as intended (i hope so:)) gave me smile), cards are awesome and big thumbs up for personalized "letter". thanks!
got mine today (austria) thanks for the awesome surprise!
received mine yesterday (germany). thank you!
yeah, it's here! (hungary) but the box was a little bit damaged. the post sent me a notice, they received the airmail damaged so added an extra plastic bag to it. but anyway, it's cool. :)
oh my god, my card box is making a eerie noise! :) just arrived (italy). lovely! thank you so much!
today, now in denmark.
yeah finally yesterday i received my copy!!! (in italy, europe).
my decks arrived today in australia and im so happy with them, they look amazing , well worth the wait,congrats.
hello my decks arrived today in australia and im very happy with them..awesome..worth the wait ,congrats on a great game you have created.
after a very long day working two jobs yesterday i arrived home to find exploding kittens waiting for me. i really didn't expect it to arrive for another few weeks. it made my day, thanks a million.
i emailed blackbox twice regarding an issue with my address but did not have any reply...anybody else having this problem? any advice?? thanks to everyone!! i am looking forward to play with my kitties!!! can't explode to wait...oh wait...i meant to...;-p
very surprised to have it already received in switzerland today! mind blown, best kickstarter experience ever!
i got mine today to my surprise. i agree with @thomassmailus though, what does one now do with the nice box the nsfw copy came in if they put it in the main magnet box which is so very nice. so happy it came so quick. one thing i will say is it is a bugger (pain) that the nsfw manual does not fit in the main box. strange.
received my copies in cologne, germany yesterday. played it with the family last night and we had lots of fun - especially my girls (10 and 12 years). this will be great for quick games when there is not much time. i admit i do not like the nsfw deck, the d*ck jokes just do not tickle my funny bone (queue jokes about germans and our sense of humour ...) - although "cat's schroedinger" was great. will sell it on ebay, i guess.
i received my box of exploding kittens today and omg!!! we are so excited. you're right, that surprise was the best spent $1 million, ever!! we have plans for an exploding kitten party to celebrate! moooore wine!  *boom*
yay just received my copy yesterday! one question on my side - are there any recommended card sleeves? i´m guessing this topic has just been covered already within the past 91k comments here but it´d be overwhelming to scroll down and search for an answer therefore just this shy and short question, if somebody can give me a feedback and short summary
from australia (sydney) received it on monday and have been having too much fun to comment! made plans for the weekend with more people.
i've received my copy of the game yesterday. i didn't expect it so soon in belgium, europe. can't wait to play it with family and friends! awesome surprise as well. it startled me a bit :-)
love the attention to detail.  two problems though: 1) you assume our love for kittens.  i fucking hate cats; hence my desire to explode them. 2) i'm only 28 and am unsure of how much leniency 30+? allows for.  can i open my box or not?
i can't say this is the best $35 i have ever spent because of that one time i bought shrooms for a party in a tree-planting camp in northern ontario...but this is definitely the second best $35 i have ever spent. plus: no nosebleeds! awesome game. thank you team ek.
sorry that should have read have not received my confirmation of shipment yet. tim
has anyone in johannesburg, za received theirs yet? was expected to deliver by fedex on monday, but says its still sitting in poyle, gb
fyi, i have received my receipt of shipment yet. tim
amazing love you!
got my package today it was awesome.  thank you for all the thought put into it! the game is fun and what makes it even better is that this was one of the most fun projects i have backed.  thanks again!
haven't seen a confirmation email yet, but here's to being optimistic, or something...  must.. have.. kittens...
whooohooo.... thank you!!! i got my package in the mail today! kick ass! i'm going to play the hell out of this! thank you... thank you... than.... uhh.. excuse me... my cat is looking at me funny... it appears to have something in it's mou...... i don't remember having tnt in my h... oh ... crr.....................
arrived in seattle tuesday august 4th. now what to do with that nice nsfw box with the cards out in the main box. but more importantly what to do with the nsfw instruction sheet. are folks just keeping the two decks separate in their boxes? btw opening the box in a dimly lit room had me wondering about the cool feature and what it was.
you promised july delivery. a billion people bought the game, which was a few more than the dozen or so you anticipated. i received my game on 4 august 2015. you were four days late. unacceptable. actually, come to think of it, i can't think of a world in which you could have gotten this game to me so quickly. especially given the ridiculously high quality of the cards, the lovely box they live in, and the hilarious imagery. who's soul did you sell to make this possible? was it mine? i feel different. either way, you guys did great work. both decks were better than hoped for, delivery was month ahead of what i expected, and the game itself is really good fun. next time though, please do not include an actual dead (partially exploded) cat in my parcel. that wasn't cool. it smells funny.
@eric, yes but it's tiny text and not mirrored on the card. so if a card's orientation is upside down as you shuffle through cards you have to constantly look in different corners or first go through the deck and re-orientate all the cards, then unmix them. a more visible symbol that was mirrored on the cards would have been much better.
4 august 2015 delivery - hong kong, asia.
@timothy,  yes. it is a 20 digit number that is at the end of the very first sentence of your email.
@jeffrey, printed on the face, of each card is first edition. somewhere on the lower half, left side of the card. the nsfw deck has nsfw instead of first edition.
melbourne, australia, has just been bombarded by inter-continental ballistic kittens.
got mine today (calgary). very happy, very fun and simple game with a surprising amount of strategy. my 8yr old nephew was able to pick it up and actually plan out some good moves in no time at all. honestly my only critic is that the nsfw and sfw editions are very hard to unmix if you mix them for a game. i was expecting some sort of indicator to make them easy to separate but oh well, the game is still great.
@gm, yes, or that. ;)
wait when black box sends the email are you supposed to be able to track your order?
got mine! just outside of toronto. awesome! dog keeps staring at the box, waiting for the cat to come out....
@bakhan: or, since i ordered 8 nsfw sets...it could be on a different shipment since it would be a larger parcel.
@david orr, i think it is because the driver contractors around this area in sa have been changed. they don't always try delivering packages, and just leave a pick up card for it. oh well, hopefully i'll get my kittens soon, or i'm going to explode with anticipation.
the kittens just blew up tasmania! wooohoooooo!!!!! now..... to find that baby owl..... lmao
@gm, i think it was pretty random. i got mine today.
mine are still saying in transit...from mississauga, ontario. i know full well that they should be in calgary already, especially since it is supposedly "expedited parcels", and as matt j has gotten his...it's a little suspect for it not to be here now.
the cats have taken control of our package. on it's journey from reno, nevada to new mexico it has bounced from reno to salt lake city, utah, then across colorado and wyoming to sidney, nebraska before crossing kansas and heading to orlando, oklahoma, then into dallas, texas. where it journeys to next we shall see, but it will be well traveled.
kittens have arrived (exploded) in brisbane, australia!
@michael cowley - aus post did great by me. ek was waiting for me at the doorstep yesterday arvo when i got home from work.
dont ruin the surprise guys some people dont have it yet good thing i havent been reading the comments un till i got mine. just dont spoil it
so angry at austpost! i was so excited to see that my exploding kittens was scanned in a couple kms away from here to be delivered yesterday, but never arrived. 25 hour later, and still not here! australian post has received a complaint about it. they have been slack lately with deliveries, but not getting me my exploding kittens in time, that is the last straw!
just received my game. here's my cat's reaction to the suspicious package: http://imgur.com/gallery/me4bj/new
you decided to give me a day to widen the gap
zem, you just couldn't stomach the idea of actually passing me up
kittens have exploded in calgary, alberta.  great game!  it was especially satisfying winning the first game with a stolen card.
3 comments in one day?! wow that's alot. i'm working too hard on here!
kittens have been received in perth western australia.
kittens have touched down in mississauga, ontario canada. that thank you comic is pretty darn cool. best kickstarter campaign ever!
i definitely will
well good luck lz ... if they don't give you the job ....breed a bunch of mutant zombie cats and attack them with zombie cat mutant urine in a squirt gun....
that's all they said. soon
soon
just got my game today.
@lz, so when do find out?
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
so i finally opened my cards today to find a few of them are damaged from the packaging. i'm afraid that when some people try to "shuffle" and by shuffle i mean just taking cards and jamming them in, will tear them even more. they don't seem very sturdy like a normal deck of playing cards :(
jk!!!!!
i did not get my upgraded box or super secret surprise.  i just got the two decks
@bryan, yep you're wrong! it was only the upgraded box, with super secret surprise of unsurpassed amazingness! but, seriously, there was never an extra deck. maybe you confused when the nsfw add on became a full deck?
have all u.s. backers had it shipped via fedex smartpost?! this is always a pain for me and the tracking is unreliable. �
they have arrived in eastern canada!!
kittens have landed in arizona and on a hot day we will all be playing tonight.  my only thought is i thought we stretched to two cards per a box and not just the box being able to hold two sets of cards.  am i wrong on how i read the stretch goal??  still going to love playing.
the kittens have landed in atlantic canada.  my son opened the box while i was work, and sent me a recording of the meow.  sawheet!  we played, and laughed!
received on my birthday - what a treat! and right now my poor dog is going berserk trying to find the invisible cat in the house. thanks, guys!
@doc, hell yeah! give me mah kittehs!
wait nvm didnt know it had a light sensor!
got my special box. it meowed once when i  opened it. it doesnt meow anymore. :( i am happy i got the game though
awesome game. . can't wait to play!
@bakhan same shit i did....but mine had no slip....just strolled in and was like..... need more kittays meow!!! and they went and found them......they were saposed to deliver tomorrow
i'm in new jersey and haven't received anything yet. should i be worried? i see a lot of people who got theirs.
arrived safe and sound in australia. now i'm torn - i was going to keep the nsfw deck for myself and give the regular as a gift, but the surprise in the box is a bit too cool to give away...
my 2 cats ran into the room i was in when i opened my box...well done guys.  my wife was very impressed as well.
@jean, you need moar light! if that doesn't work, you will need to adjust the light sensor.
my box doesn't meow!!!
i certainly hope so! (i think i got it)
got my box...it's pretty darn cool
like a boss lz! just like you're going to be soon!
bakhan! huzzah!
we have exploding kittens!!! the sneaky postman decided not to leave it at my house (in spite of the fact the have left significantly more expensive packages with no issues). the slip they left said i couldn't pick it up until tomorrow, this was a lie! picked it up today after work like a boss!
i received my game today (cool surprise, i wont spoil it :) ). thanks!!!
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
got my game and love it! my only comment is that in my nsfw deck, many of the cards had printing errors on the backside (red side) of them. looks like there might have been some ink issues when they were being printed. does anyone know if i would be able to request a replacement deck (as now a sharp eye might be able to tell what another player is holding in their hands by the marked cards)
just got my package today!! thanks - can't wait to play it and the surprise was awesome!
just got home and to my surprise....  kittehs! best thing i've ever kickstarted. love from toronto, canada!
remember, for every kristopher jeff, there is a jeff kristopher.
hope you get the job, lz
i actually got my slip i was plesently suprised
also..... people, if you get the wrong packing slip, be a lamb and send it to the rightful owner. if everyone does this, you should all get your personalized packing slips...........and maybe a new friend.
@douglas, no. probably not. contact them support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
only completed my pledgemanager survey when my gf got her copy. i take it the order will still process?
way cool!
lz - that's cool! i work for the cancer agency in british columbia as a researcher :d
@smashley: yes, i work in a clinical lab. i run the tests the doctors order
it will probably take a week or two (maybe more), i would imagine. i remember that during the campaign and soon after it ended, it took more than a week to receive a response
no packages.. no e-mails.. i'm not too concerned yet.. but everyone else seems to be getting theirs
got the wrong person's personalized letter :(
good job zem!
still no word on when mine will ship... much less arrive. any chance for an individual update? lol
that's cool lz :) do you work in the medical field? if you don't mind my asking of course. i may be a hyper smashley today :p
you will just have to wait it out kristopher jeff
i think it may have actually :(
10 games 4 hours 2 rounds of coffee: 2 brothers, then another. coming soon to a theater near you! ` my little brother and i went to lunch, then to a coffee shop, got coffee, and started playing the game. 3 hours later, another brother joined us for 2 games and it got crazy! the last game was freaking intense and i won against all odds ever!
my kittens made it to germany without exploding. :) the special surprise didn't work when i first opened the box so i thought. hey what's in there and tried to open it. while trying to get the lid to open i heard a poor kitty haha so i better left it closed can't wait to play :)
any word on when we should be hearing back from support teams? i emailed both teams with my issue on sat. afternoon. my issue was getting 2 regular decks instead of a regular deck and a nsfw deck. and the packing slip had the wrong name. it said kristopher, i'm jeff.
there it is!
did ks eat my comment?
laboratory manager at the clinic where i work.
you call that an update lz? what's the role? :d details man!
i had my second interview today. they said they'll let me know soon
dude! tell me! i've clearly missed something. do you find out today? tell smashley all! <3
i'm good. sitting on pins and needles to hear news about the promotion i'm going for, but i have no complaints
bobby, i've read about people carefully opening the flaps for that part of the box in order to make adjustments
it's good to see the chat so hyped lol how are you lz?
bobby try it in the light.....
hi smashley!
love my cards! great packaging (except for the tape issue everyone has noted so far). my special surprise worked 4 times, now no more. i may cut into the cardboard and see if it's just a dead battery.
hey gang <3
just got it here in canada. as far as the "secret" thing in the box is concerned: rotflmao. and the personalized letter: nice touch!
ohh also no tape was on my package but otherwise it was fine no one tampered with it atleast ....
wheeeeeeeewwwww!
so happy right now.....
got my box today... my kids were giddy when they saw the box and were rotfl once i opened it. can't wait to play it later tonight!!!
the laddy at the post office knew what they were and said she knew another place that had like 300 sets of cards show up lol
alright.... so i went to the post office and picked up my cards......the suprise was great....though that's what i thought it would be
@bakhan, i think it went well. they said they'll let me know soon, so...fingers crossed!
well done guys, first kickstarter i rec'd on time, ever! and a beautiful product to boot!
@lz, how'd it go?
$35 should have gotten you the regular deck and the nsfw deck. if you did not receive both, the ek team had this to say: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
nope... just had to actually open it all the way lmao- it scared my real cat.
i was expecting the box etc to come with the nsfw and regular deck for the 35$ pledge. did i read something wrong?
kittens in a blender is an awesome game
what a perfect time for my kittens to arrive.  i have a major games party night coming up, and after scarring certain friends with kittens in a blender, this should make for some nice new trauma. =p
kittens are here. they look great!  my daughter's cats were just fascinated with the surprise.
i received mine in belgium.
received mine today.. lol@ emanuele below...get yours in italy the same day the wonderful pony express (usps) arrives here in the states. @ strogar: i agree on the shipping box. one corner of mine was partially opened and bent. so feedback for the shipping company would be to seal these type of shipping boxes next time.
received mine today in italy ! great game and packaging :d
finally got the delivery after fedex transferred to the usps and it took them two additional days to deliver it. everything looks ok, was a bit concerned when the box was not sealed or taped and could have been easily opened by anyone. . was able to fit all cards in the first edition special box with sleeves ! cards looks good and are thick enough to last several shuffles (some other games have used much thinner card stock) . only issue would be the font size and the white text can be difficult to read on some cards. also wondering if any play testing was done with any color blind people, many of the red and green cards might be difficult to read. . can't wait to play this weekend !
all i thought about at work today was the delivery notification from canada post that my exploding kittens would be waiting for me when i got home... but disaster has struck and there was no delivery or pickup slip left. all i found was disappointment. it's the same story with my neighbour upstairs, tracking says delivered but nothing in our mailboxes. :(
got the cards today. played two rounds; simple, quick and entertaining. problem is, the cards are cheap. just two rounds and several of the cards already have wear marks. for 8+ million and a $25 cost for a deck of cards, one would hope the cards would be much higher quality.
@matthew: not sure, i really should(having gone through the canadian payroll association classes), but i've been handling the us side of our payroll for the past 4-5months, and my mind is stuck on their holidays and what not.
just finished first round :) got mine decks today in latvia. packing is extremely cool, fast shipping , everything is just perfect. congrats to creators on making best project ever :) i can't even imagine amount of work they done to make everything go on time.
austin, contact the exploding kittens team at support@explodingkittens.com with a detailed subject line
@owen "great mountain" middleton. manitoba, was the long weekend only for a few provinces? also no i didn't pay any extra charges.
just got mine and to say im excited is an understatement. just wanted to say everything shipped in perfect condition. however it seems a single card in my nsfw deck has a tear i can see. looks like it happened during the packaging process and i was just wondering if theres any way to replace it. im not sure what card it is specifically cause i havent opened it yet but i was just curious. even so i still have nothing but the utmost of respect for you guys and am sincerely thankful i could help make your vision come alive. thank you
a bit disappointed that my pack got sent back to the shipper last week (someone messed up my address, though it was correct here).  i shot an email back to black box.  here's to hoping this gets fixed and i get my pack soon!  �
i live in canada and my boyfriend and i both got ours today. box was fine and undamaged. i was impressed that it shipped over the long weekend. i cannot wait to play it. we have a 9 person group going to pax so i am sure this will be a staple game in our collection. i was also really impressed that you have taken the time to personalize our boxes. with so many of us i thought we might get a quick thanks or something but that was really nice. you have spoiled all other kickstarter projects for me. the superb communication and meeting of deadlines was nice to see. i can tell that you had most of this organized before launching the kickstarter which is nice for a change.
@matthew wolfe: i'm assuming alberta, based on the long weekend comment. but even if i'm wrong, did you have to pay any extra charges?
well i received my deck! unfortunately i was greeted with a huge gash on the box and the "meowing" only lasted 5 box opening. is this considered a defect?
just got mine in tx. probably the best personalized shipping letter i've ever seen. box wasn't taped, but it all held together.
got my package three days ago, played the game that night, muscles are still sore from all the laughter. this game is glorious and i swear some of those cards were made just with me in mind.
got it! i was squeaking like a little girl when i opened it! you totally owned it! from the personnalised delivery letter to the "surprise" in the box, it is absolutely awesome! i can't wait to play a game! :)
i'm only commenting here because of alot of negative ones. my package arrived in good condition taped with packaging peanuts in it to canada. as for shipping times i got it today which is very fast shipping considering it was a long weekend. shipped at the same speed or maybe faster then amazon would ship to me.
got mine in texas today and gotta say seems complete even for not being taped. this is probably one of only 5 of the 30+ kickstarters i've backed that has arrived pretty much on time. it's also one of the largest as far as how many units were sold. thank you for giving me something awesome to do this weekend. for those worried or complaining its august this was due in july. besides 2 kickstarters that were fraud and i won't get my money back some have gone 6 months to 2 years beyond the expected date without any information from the project creators. kinda like hey these shoes i forgot i backed 2 years ago showed up on the doorstep today. lol!!!!
what do we do in the case where our package says it was delivered, but we didn't receive anything?
i got my copy and can't wait to play it, thanks guys
@lz, good luck!  you're going to kill it, and then of course, bring it back from the dead... its what you do!
@nahidl, mine was attempted delivery, but now its held at the post office, normally they just leave the parcels on my front step.  i'm assuming there is some extra fee i will have to pay. grumble grumble.
15 minutes....
@owen just seems odd. ordered 2 nsfw decks but the shipment originated in toronto (electronic details were given) and it was shipped to toronto so the cod just seems very odd. just trying to see if anyone else got charged so i can try and figure out what is going on. things just don't seem to be adding up in my head
getting to play my deck today :d
gah! on the truck for delivery! so excite.
@jeremy and heather: this is what you should try to remedy your situation. as i'm not part of the ek team, i can't say when it will be resolved. but try to be as detailed as possible in your subject line to speed things along. as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
so, what are we suppose to do if we have not heard from blackbox yet?
should i be concerned that i still haven't received a shipment notification email?
@nihidl: it might be depending on where you are located, and the number of decks you purchased. i'm kind of expecting a cod for mine(total of 8 nsfw sets). but i couldn't say for certain what it would be like for you.
less than an hour now....
just got mine (canada)  no extra charges but inside the box i had an awesome little surprise xd
@robert @tina did you have any extra charged along with the delivery? did you have to pay canada post a cod?
got mine today (germany) ... it blew up
ok according to fedex it's officially at the post office.....be delivered tomorrow....or try to get it today......
got mine just now (ireland), it's great!  thank you :)
got my copy in germany and just only can say.... miau what a cool thing!  i love it!
got mine today in edmonton, ab canada. i won't ruin any surprises... i'll just say: i love it!! <3 thanks! :d
o beatos nos! crape diem! ok, it's technically august, but close enough for hand grenades, nuclear warheads, and exploding kittens. and the special sooper-sekrit-soorprize is spectacular!
@owen i think blackbox is the main cause of issues here. they are the shipping company, similar to a travel agent, they're responsible for getting content a, b, and c to the client correctly and in a industry standard (or better) time frame and method. reading from the more and more comments it's easy to see they did not meet that criteria across the board.
'shawn' does have a point. they had to be inspected because of the logo on the box. and if it were x-ray'd, then the super secret device would have been seen and probably feared upon opening. followed by a great 'sigh!' of relief (and an unbinding of underpants) lol! but everything looks to be in great working order. :-d thanx y'all! i look forward to y'allz next kickstarter.
@tony - same thing happened to me.  i had to go to the post office and tell them to hold the package.  still haven't heard back from blackbox on the matter.
had to open the cards, couldn't wait to play tonight before seeing some of them. i really like the material of the cards, nice and rugged!
got it , thank you very much, and the suprise was very nice
usps returned it to the shipper due to an undeliverable address. the address is correct so i don't know what is going on. fedex is no help. usps is no help. blackbox is a black hole so far. support emails go in, nothing comes out.
2 hours! i'm so anxious!
got mine today!  can't wait to try it out!
all my friends are getting their boxes but i haven't received any email or tracking confirmation from blackbox yet. what's going on?
my box wasn't taped either,  but the contents were fine.
my family and i played about 5 rounds last night, it was a blast (pun intended).  we found the kids at the table playing it this morning when we woke up, so much fun.  easily the most rewarding kickstarter i've backed!
i'm only guessing here, (and i know it was mentioned before) but i think the boxes weren't taped for security purposes.  wrongly placed documents is a little concerning as is the package surprise, surprisingly not working or only working for a short time. i would've loved to be a fly on the wall of some of the postal carrier hubs when the 200,000+ packages marked with exploding kittens started to pass through.  makes me wonder if the workers at the shipping hubs or the local bomb squads are the cause of the premature wearing out of the surprise.
kittens are exploding in denmark as of this afternoon. thanks!
yay. mine was delivered bright and early today in bc canada. this might be the first time i ever laughed at a packing slip. the game looks beautiful and the surprise is a nice touch, i can't wait to play it. thank you :)
kittens have landed in france ! received today, amazing job :)
@zygy: i don't think it's blackbox who is to blame for the slow shipping times. more like the locals who are actually transporting it on behalf of blackbox(canada post, usps, what-have-you-nots). the only thing i've read about wrong contents, is the personalized packing slip, which yes, should have been the proper person on it, but at the same time, you might make a new friend/pen pal in the process(though for safety reasons, this shouldn't have happened in the first place).
well, my box was untaped but complete without issue.  guess i dodged a bullet there.  otherwise, the cards are beautiful, the nsfw deck is hilarious!  a+ on game build!  well done.
@gm i agree
i'm definitely taking pictures of how it shows up. it is really disconcerting hearing how most aren't even taped shut.
mine will be sitting at the post office untill tomorrow it looks like.....many i should just stop by on the way home and see if i can grab them lol.....
everything i am reading in the comments and my personal experience it does not seem like blackbox is off to a good start: - slow shipping times - boxes aren't sealed (mine wasn't sealed either) - there is a reason usps asks you seal your packages. they get thrown around and how knows what happens during shipment.... - slow or no costumer service - wrong contents within package now i know most people don't want to talk badly because like me we love the creators, personally i've been an oatmeal fan for many years and have the complete cah decks, and this game looks great. we're all excited for it, but the truth of the matter is blackbox did not meet expectations. they are announcing themselves as some great futuristic shipping company and not only does it seem like they cant even match today's shipping standards, they're performance has been lower.
its a bit disconcerting to hear how many of the shipping boxes were untaped.  were they taped at one point and it fell off maybe?  i hope those that didn't get any contents in the boxes are able to be fixed up, i know i'd be pretty unhappy about it.
@josh talley, i got an empty box too :( mine was sitting half open and empty on my step, and considering i opened the door about within 2 minutes of it arriving, no one could have stolen from it on my step. either someone at the post office ganked my explody kitties or it left blackbox empty. since the boxes weren't sealed it's pretty hard to tell.
received mine yesterday.  looks great except for one issue.  the print out i received has someone else's name and address.  i plan on mailing cheryl brennan's print out to her and i'm hoping someone can mail mine to me.  a little concerning that some random person received my name and address though.  the delivery box definitely had my name on it.
has anyone had a reply from blackbox about fulfillment issues? i haven't heard back from them since saturday, not sure how swamped they are and don't want to keep sending emails in case i cause confusion.
@josh talley: hopefully they can get you a replacement for what was stolen. i think you're the first one, at least in the comments, that has reported a theft from their shipment. sad that it happened.
received mine! happy! awesome style: https://youtu.be/qqfn0qymsdk
you guys did a phenomenal job! from start to finish, this was a fantastically-run campaign.  and knowing that things went way above and beyond your initial goals, you managed this beautifully.  well done!  cant wait to see your next project!!
also got the game. looks pretty neat.  the sound actually scared me, you mean people! >_< so i'm leaving the box around for my so to open it and laugh at him. (will try with the cat too)
got the game.  was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box and it meowed at me. also loved the little comic/note that was added to the box.  personalized.  pretty good.   nice work guys!
got my set.....and as excited as i am to play the game i have to ask this question: why is the special first edition box made with paper inside for the divider and storage while the standard nsfw box has a plastic inside and divider........isn't that a bit backwards?
got my kittens! and yes, the special surprise made me laugh in glee.
got mine today.  can't wait to play tonight.
oh no! josh, contact ek and blackbox to see if there's anything they can do. the following is from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
my copy was stolen.  :(  i came out to check the mail and the package was opened and empty in my driveway.
got my exploding kittens in the mail today! can't wait to play with my boys.
are you sure it's the post office/courier and not some ass hat holding your kittehs for ransom?
@bakhan: still says it's in transit, as of this morning. still saying delivery for friday. @nahidl: haven't heard anything about that myself.
anyone in canada receive their copy and have to pay a cod (cash on delivery)? got a call stating that i need to pay an extra $35 in order to get my copies of this game. if you can let me know that would be awesome! thanks.
@gm, do you know when yours is coming yet?  mine is showing its out for delivery!
just got mine. ....love it! great job ♡
bakhan, that's an even better idea! i could combine the two ideas, though: hug goats to get the front and lie on pigs to get the back! yeah!
@lz, i was thinking you should go the other way, go out and hug some goats before the interview, let them smell what kind of awesome is coming their way!
trinkets! that's a great idea!
you guy can probably stop with the spoiler alert tag lines, pretty much everyone that comes here already knows what it is. just to save you guys a few seconds.
@michael spoiler alert!spoiler alert!spoiler alert!spoiler alert!spoiler alert!spoiler alert!! open up the top flap carefully. look inside and that might help you figure it out.
@lz. is one bottle enough? try 2 different fragrances. one for the front half, another for the back half. you smell good showing up and a totally different kind of good walking away.
got mine today, so awesome! the surprise thing is so worth it! hahaha :d. fantastic project, and very well run.
all my work friends got theirs - can't wait for mine to come!
my boyfriend got his shipment, so i'm really looking forward to getting mine!!!
i opened the box out in the office and it got some laughs and confusion. well done.
dear holy shit, the surprise thing in the box attracted my real cat.
i'd just like to say thankyou for producing a fantastic game, and running such a fantastic kickstarter. very popular with all my kids and gaming buddies. now i just need to buy a load of card sleeves to keep all my kitties in perfect condition. :-)
there are supposed to be photosensors in tacocat's eyes?   mine just has two gaping black holes and there's some electronic stuff rattling around behind it.  :(
so, when preparing for an interview, you use all the axe, right?
moooooo! all praise the golden calf, for he has brought forth our goodness known as exploding kittens! moooooo!
meeeow!!!!!
got mine yesterday.  it also wasn't sealed for unknown reasons however everything was inside.  everything seemed to be working and the card packs themselves were sealed.
@michael taco cat likes the sun. spoiler alert! spoiler alertspoiler alert! spoiler alertspoiler alert! spoiler alert! make sure you open it in a well light place. also make sure the photosensor is in taco cats right eye. you might have to carefully move it over.
@gm, thanks man.  i'm hoping that when they did the ct scan last time that it was shadowed and therefore went undetected as it wasn't part of the original mass.  if it can grow from microscopic to 1" in a week, we don't have much of a chance.  still, if we didn't do this surgery we would only have 6 weeks, maybe.  given how well he healed up from the last one, i decided to go ahead with this one as well.  i just hope i'm making the right decision for him.  i think i am, but i'm still feeling really bad about him having back to back surgeries like this.
good morning gm.
so, when i open my box, the kitten sometimes, might make a sound, but not usually.   seems kinda broken-ish.    should i be asking for a replacement box, and if so, from where?
morning gm
morning corps. how is the day treating everyone? @bakhan: sorry to hear about the relapse. hopefully everything works out.
lol hi ionas only the good ones
hey david guidry "doc" - do you back every project on ks :p
got mine (germany). impressed with the production quality admagic brought to this game. so aside panda (lift off! get me off this planet ks) this is another manufacturer that can be recommended in terms of production quality.
only "issue" was that the blue box it all came in wasn't sealed...so i wouldn't know if someone messed with it or not. other than that i'm impressed how well this all went.
i'm really excited for these to arrive, hopefully i'll get mine in a few weeks like the blackbox email said i would.
ok kittens arrived in fort dodge 4 hours ago...and departed 2 hours ago.....crosses fingers for a today delivery....fort dodge is 20 mins away......
@lz, good luck!  you got this!
thanks guys, i really appreciate it.  i'm trying to be brave for him, but the feels.
i got mine yesterday, we played it last night and it was a blast. and the receipt just slew me, that was fantastic. this is the best kickstarter i've backed so far.
gotta get ready for work now, and see if i can calm the stomach butterflies. i have a second interview for the lab manager job today
i was guessing it would be between 3 and 6 months delay. that way, if it's less i 'll be super-stoked
@lz, one of cmon's last projects, rum & bones, was delivered on time. i understand it wasn't as hugely successful as z:bp was, but they are a good company and have their stuff together. might not be delayed too much.
bakhan, sorry to hear about your dog. that's rough. i hope it all works out well for him and you
got mine last night. i'm impressed and in awe at how well all of this project went.  i've backed over 100 kickstarters and this was, by far, the most fun, entertaining, engaging, and most importantly, on time projects i've dealt with and i am very impressed. bravo and kudos to all involved.
trinkets, yes, i got in on the zombicide: black plague action. i'm not expecting them to ship anywhere near their projected time with all the extras they threw in there; but it looks way awesome
bakhan. so sorry to hear that. good thoughts headed your way for you and your dog.
received my order last night. a fantastic way to end a monday. it was a lot of fun, great game and great campaign.
@trinkets, thats good to hear! i'm feeling pretty messed up today for sure.  found out that my dog has had a tumour regrow in two weeks.  so i'm booking him in for surgery again today, hopefully for this week, but i'm not sure.  i'm also supposed to be getting my ek today, and i'm pretty excited about that.  feels weird to be excited for something when it seems the weight of the world is on my shoulders.
received my box (+nsfw) today (germany) - congrats on this flawlessly executed kickstarter campaign!
good morning bakhan
going great this beautiful morning.
good morning corps!
@lz, did you get in on zombicide-black-plague? iirc, you were a big zombicide fan.
morning, trinkets, how are you today?
good morning, lord zombitten
tacocat likes the sun. try opening your box where it is brighter, and see if that fixes things. ;) for most people, that does the trick!
my box didn't meow. i'm extremely sad! how can i repair it? :(
good morning, all!
got my package this morning. really happy with how all this crowdfunding went. the final product is awsome! great quality, nice details (the miawing of the box) and the game is simple and looks like lots of fun. nicely done guys, you rock!
@gracesella,  people have been mailing the wrong packing slip to the correct people. hopefully everyone does this and that way everyone receives the correct packing slip to treasure forever.
if you ordered the regular and nsfw decks, there should be a total of 2 boxes inside your blackbox shipping box, which is blue in color. one box should be the regular deck . the reguar de k comes in a red box that is inside an unsealed bag. the nsfw deck comes in a shrink wrapped black box.
i'm quite happy to receive my copy of the game! however i noticed that the receipt is meant to go to another backer. do i keep this copy and just let it things be as they should?
@dan c,  check your invoice to make sure you were charged the $35 for both decks. also, *as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
my (not exploding) kitten is very jealous of my box of exploding kittens.
i've been out of state for a week and returned home to my copy. i added the nsfw version via the survey, and while it's listed on my packing slip, wasn't included in the box. anyone else have this issue?
got mine in belgium today, thank you very much. first kickstarter i ever backed that shipped as timely, quickly, and delivered such a concentrated amount of awesome. thank you.
got it today in france (paris). seems perfect, now it's time to find some players :d
i got it, right now in france, and the game is really fun to play :p
i can't edit my comment. it does work - apparently there wasn't enough ambient light, when i turned the light on i almost peed. my life is complete.
alright they are in iowa....arrived and departed council bluffs iowa at 12 and 2 am .... i'll possibly see my kittens today...
got it! my box didn't meow. but the game is here and i'm happy.
mine arrived in cape town on monday. unfortunately i am in johannesburg until friday... i have to congratulate the team on choosing the best delivery method. from all the campaigns that i ever supported this was by far the fastest delivery to south africa. thanks!
received my decks today in australia, which is frankly amazing. big thumbs up to everyone involved including blackbox for delivering so fast!
just wanted to say a massive thank you to everyone involved with the game (creators+testers+backers).  against all the laws of probability, you've made a really fun game that's super easy.  we played a game tonight with our two kids (5 & 7) and then picked it up easily - i was so impressed they can play basically just off colour and icons. thank you - you are now the gold standard for kickstarters as far as i'm concerned.
received mine in spain !
i just received mine, in belgium.  thanks!!!!  awesome surprise ;)
to: @mitchell jenks about 1 hour ago ===== my surprise was broken when i opened the box. i wasn't even sure what it was meant to be until i read through these comments. so that sucks." ==== -spoiler alert-spoiler alert-spoiler alert-spoiler alert!!!!! the surprise is light sensitive and i needed to open the lid fully for the office light to trigger it. maybe take it outside into some direct sunlight? or at least a window, away from fluorescent lights?
mine arrived just now at work! it's awesome, i think i'm going to cry. most valuable kickstarter ever backed. and the surprise! my goodness! speechless. i'm crying.
received mine in france today ! great job !
got mine yesterday! @:-d https://youtu.be/m-rh7cdzkxe
to those looking for tracking numbers, all the detail is available in the e-mail from blackbox. included should be a url that links to the tracking website where you can see how far your shipping is. check your spam/junk folders. and yes, they are being shipped from the usa and also from a distribution centre in the eu. example: subject:your order from exploding kittens is shipping. blackbox explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool hello, your backer rewards from the exploding kittens kickstarter project are shipping now. your tracking number is 646029875340. your order is being shipped by blackbox, the cool shipping company that everybody loves. ... if your address or rewards are wrong, just reply to this email and let us know. if you have any other questions or concerns, please, for the love of god, don’t email us. - blackbox, the company with the slogan: “blackbox: you gotta love that box!™”
anyone in asia (or malaysia to be more specific) gotten their exploding kittens yet? got the blackbox email last week stating they were shipping soon, but nothing since then. just wondering if anyone in asia's gotten theirs yet. at this rate my head's gonna explode in excitement!
hi everybody! question to all of those lucky guys, who already get their cards - did you get some tracking number before? and from where this one is being shipped, from usa? thank you :)
got mine today in germany. i'm really happy and laughed so hard about this awesome and funny cards :d can't wait to play! thank you very much!!!
my surprise was broken when i opened the box. i wasn't even sure what it was meant to be until i read through these comments. so that sucks.
to those asking about boxes being opened already inside the shipping package. it might have been customs, i can't speak for your country's rules and regs on shipping. all my boxes came in plastic sleeves and the decks were in sealed packages. the insert/playguide/rules etc indicate how many cards and of what type they are. if you have all 56 cards in your deck and the correct number of each type then you should be happy. customs being the most random of institutions on this planet, they might randomly open a package and open the decks to make sure that the items being shipped are what is declared on the label. international shipping law allows them to do this due to 'security' reasons. so there. sorry if you received a deck in not 100% pristine condition. not a lot anyone can do about it. :( happy exploding!
to repost from lord zombitten: lord zombitten about 5 hours ago my previous *comment (*the one below) is from the ek team and is not intended to imply that i am a member of said team, since i am not. *as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
hi kittens! hi corps! hi creators! hi backers! i got my little exploding bundles of joy this morning and the office was crowding my desk to have a go! thanks for the awesome shipping and the awesome surprise. to other people still waiting for shipping, hang in there! they are on their way and the ek team has promised to make sure that everyone receives their exploding kittens! as always, if in dire straits, or in need of urgent kitteny attention, e-mail the support team @ support@explodingkittens.com
god mine today in germany. looking forward to play it.
just received my exploding kittens :d the surprise made a nice impression at work when i opened it
so pleased that my kittens arrived so quickly - in the uk so thought it would take a little longer. great in-box surprise, but also such a great packing note surprise too so i'm keeping that in the box as well.  such a great extra touch!  brilliant campaign, but also a brilliant post-campaign that really has delivered.  thanks all!
got mine today! very happy with it. we played it tonight and had a good time! well done ek team!
however @lord zombitten i was quite surprised to when i received it the packaging inside of 1 of the boxes was open already, would there be a reason to that? or just customs?
got mine this morning; now i won't ruin it but loved the surprised, haha :') couldn't ever think it would be that tho, never expected it! amazing job and well done! thanks heaps for hours of enjoyment! also
got it this evening, left one of mine unopened and immediately opened the other and put the nsfw deck in the main box.  i love the surprise.
michael ahlf mine came the same way, not sure if it's intentional? still, everything looks awesome! :)
you guys did an absolutely amazing job with this game. not only did you make good on all of your promises, but the game is hilarious, great fun, and the packaging is fantastic and whimsical. plus, you guys did it all so quickly. seriously, you guys did such a great job. thanks for all your guys' hard work.
i am stunned! i received my copy yesterday, in australia! i am so used to getting a delivery months after everyone else. well done! best kickstarter ever!
christopher, look at my comment above your last comment; i said what the surprise is/was
what was the surprise?
just got mine!! meow!!
just got mine, it looks awesome, can't wait to play it
thanks so much zombitten!!
nope, that's why some nice people decided to make sure it wasn't
i'm supposed to get mine tomorrow!
wait? the surprise was supposed to be a surprise? ;)
my previous comment is from the ek team and is not intended to imply that i am a member of said team, since i am not.
as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
i have a really sticky situation!! i had to move out of the blue and set up a forwarding address through usps before they were shipped, but my box was shipped to my old address regardless! it was too late to change the address on the survey.. i clicked on the tracking and it says it's delivered. what happens now?? i really want my kittens! i backed this so long ago, i was afraid of this happening :(((
michael, that seems to be fairly normal
damn autocorrect. *gave *sips from chicken cup
so my box arrived... blue shipping box wasn't taped shut... red normal box was not shrinkwrapped... is it a shipping issue or is that normal?
... i had this delivered to work and needless to say, everyone looked at me as soon as i opened the box. lol. thanks guys!
i fave a spoiler alert
damn it zombitten! now you ruined the ruined surprise for me. d:
@christopher nellini spoiler alert spoiler alert the super secret surprise is the meowing tacocat
what was the super secret surprise
still didn't get my deck :(
so excited, i got my decks in the mail today... upon opening the box the "surprise" made me jump a bit... but my cat took immediate interest and bolted on over, after using the surprise several time it drove my car nuts... he hissed and yowled and ran to hide...most reaction i've gotten out of him in years... "surprise" was a success...
iv managed not to think about what the suprise is.....if i think to hard i'll figure it out.....so i think of other things all day...and only read members comments.....btw thanks for the spoiler warnings everyone....i read from top to bottom .....
i think most members are taking their vacations until they get theirs so as not to spoil anything. maybe later in the week we'll have some surprise cameos of long-lost pals.
well i figured some other great ideas, some may have taken some work, but been even more worth it, so i had no clue what it was. though the idea someone had of a buzzer like the timer for catch phrase you could click and it would go "meow... *boom*" was an amazing one someone had just before they shipped. that would've been so amazing! we should make one! ` well, it's now an hour after i, for the last 2 1/2 weeks, had to get ready for bed and it already feels like 2 am, so i'll just toddle off then. (dang, looked so hard for nigel from the africa scene in league of extraordinary gentlemen when he says that and quatermain comes out, but it's not here, so watch the movie and imagine me saying that and toddling off then)
i think all the others have theirs. of course, i haven't heard from the professor, cha, tchotchke, da wolf, or a few of the others
so says the fedex website anyway.....
mine should arrive on wed..i hope
ok, good. doc and gm are still waiting. any other corps members still waiting that you know of?
@trinkets nope, i got mine on friday
no, i just thought about what it could be (and what i would do), considering it appeared to be attached to the box. i arrived at the only logical conclusion.
thanks guys!
@lz, are you still waiting for your cards?
how'd you guess, a bffl email from elan hinting at it like this guy? https://www.youtube.com/watch…
and a detailed subject line is best. keep it concise, yes, but get all relevant details in there
welk, zem, i was pretty sure what the surprise would be from day one, so i decided to take one for the team and read slotje comments to give help where it was needed and warn innocents of spoilers
emailing blackbox can also be a good idea if you want to know about when your fulfillment will take place. shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
i may have to disown my wife.... she just told me that she is going to open the kittens while i'm at work and send me a picture of the suprise ........
lily, you should, though you'll get it late. if you're really not sure, at least if you don't recieve your email from blackbox by tomorrow as they said, then email support@explodingkittens.com with a concise subject line just to be on the safe side. lz, i made sure to stay safe and didn't read them at all!  also, you know how you can take the faceplate off of a lighter and make the flame huge? yeah. i made the flame go 9 inches high by accident. best accident ever!!!!!! and in the blowtorch upgrade kit i talked about awhile back, http://www.scamstuff.com/products/pocket-torch, the flame is literally as big as some blowtorches! it barely visibly goes through the fluid in the lighter!
@lily: your best bet is to follow the instructions the lord zombitten will post momentarily(guarantee he will as he has it copied to paste easy).
@gm i'm still "in the dark" about the suprise so...shhhhh
does anyone know if you can still expect to receive the decks and box and surprise if you turned in your survey late? i was 'unplugged' for a while.
@gm, i was able to do the same before i got mine. of course, i fell victim to reading a comment that spelled out exactly everything about it.
@zem: with what a lot of the inconsiderate people have said regarding the spoiler, i could easily say what it does, how it works, and with a 90% certainty, what it looks like.....and mine are still lost somewhere in the land of toronto.
meeowwww !!! love it !! just received my exploding kittens here in south australia pantera ... forever stronger than all
zem, that's not much of a spoiler. the official clue bella told me to give people is "tacocat likes the sun. try opening your box where it is brighter, and see if that fixes things. ;)" for most people, that does the trick!
suprise alert in the comment below!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gotta be careful about that, gilles. if you don't want a part of the surprise ruined and haven't gotten your game yet, don't read the comment below!
you need light for the surprise to work!!! i am really like the extra million you added for that really does something for me. my brother and mother thought they broke it and took a little while that there is a light sensor for it to work. but what i really like is the receipt you put at the bottom of the box that was something i was not expecting. that was a personalized touch which was extremely lovely of you guys. thank you,  gilles
yay! my game has arrived (yes)!
couldn't find the stand up show and that part of it to put here i mean.
eat your heart out, doc! it's like when robin williams talked about the different types of heart for bypass surgery. i couldn't find the show, but it was an awesome part.
i'd eat it.....bacon heart that is
if you have a problem with the surprise, read the comments below, especially where it says spoiler alert.
if you get the wrong packing slip: if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
dang it, doc, now i need a new heart. how about this one?! https://365daysofbacon.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/bacon_heart.jpg
went to my order tracking for the hundredth time to see where my package was for scheduled delivery tomorrow....and it was delivered. walked to my mailbox, opened it...and they were there. the kittens have landed! xd
https://www.youtube.com/watch… this is what i have been doing .....  a world without my kittens is a boring one....
7:36 pm and it feels like 2 am judging by how tired i am. khaaa- i mean detasseliiiiiiing!!!!! stupid having to sleep early to wake up at 3:45 am every morning. and it's over now! almost as good as the 8 month wait for the kittens being over 2 days beforehand!!!
@david a couple of people have had that problem. what most people are suggesting is that you mail the invoice that you got to the right person, and hope the person who got yours is awesome enough to do the same. i say it sounds like a pretty solid idea. i would do that if mine had been wrong.
if you have a problem with the surprise, read the comments below, especially where it says spoiler alert.
my surprise thingy doesn't work for either of the copies i bought. can this be replaced?
that's happened once before, david. but with 220,000 people to ship to, it's bound to happen by accident. maybe the guy in illinois has yours and you can be pen pals or something.
justine: sigh, not again. spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert  try opening it back in a brighter/sunnier area. if that doesn't work, maybe the sensor is messed up, so try shifting it so the sensor is under tacocat's right eye.
kind of bummed that i got the wrong custom invoice. that would have been neat. mine was for some guy named erik in illinois. i'm david and live in florida. :-(
the surprise in my box stopped working after 2 uses.  ��
it could be bigger than that sideshow honey booboo and family!
2 1/2 and he's best friends with a magic singing guitar?! dude, put that shit on youtube!
no, see lz, it was actually on sale: 39 cents off!
lol he is 2.5 i think i'll have to wait a bit longer before he is sellable
it's that extra 61 cents that really make it worth the sale price
first of all, spiderpig. awesome! secondly: singing. with his guitar. talented kid ya got there. sell him to a circus or something. or maybe the guitar is talented and you should sell it for 3.82593261 million dollars.
speaking of classics like that, assuming you meant the wizard of oz, d'ya see the new peter pan movie coming out? it's supposed to be the "origin story", but it's absolutely nothing like origin story made by disney themselves, the creators of the movie, peter and the starcatchers. which i love alot more than the regular peter pan story for some reason. but if they made that book, why make a movie completely different from the story you yourselves made?!
side note .... just taught my kid spiderpig and now he's singing it with his guitar....
happy day!!! kittens are exploding everywhere.
wizard of oz......(just finished wonderland books ...they were ok )
wonderland....i mean ozz.....
btw i read all of the wonderland books......other than the first the sort of suck......
they are not in kansas anymore !
tacocat loves the sun. take him to a lighter room
larry, what michael said. ;)
awesome, andrew! have fun with it! though i don't know what else you'd do with this game. i realized this game is even perfect for playing against yourself! i'd reccomend 2 hands, but this is from a person who beat himself in chess, making him either astoundingly clever or inconceivably stupid. i honestly don't even know.
i got my kitties!!!!!!!!! these are great guys!!!! me and my wife laughed as we went through all the cards and plan on plauing it later on! thanks again for a great project!!!
micah, thanks! that worked!
on time and awesome quality. keep my on your mailing list for any other projects you do. i'll back anything you guys come up with. thanks!!!
larry... look a couple responses down
i'm wonder what the surprise is suppose to do? i opened it up and nothing. any help would be great.
i'm in the same boat as donald; "your backer reward for the exploding kittens kickstarter project will be shipping in the next couple weeks." confirmation and receipt back in may. i suspect our packages weren't de-fused and exploded somewhere along the line. ha ha. but, waiting until tomorrow (tuesday) as requested before sending email seeking resolution.
why is everyone upset with the time it's taking just be fricking happy that it is coming
andrew: it's... (monty python's flying circus. just a sec, gotta do this first:) spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert spoiler alert  holy god in heaven he's about to talk about the surprise if you haven't seen it yet hide the women and children because this will ruin it forever!! it's the meow when you open the box. if it didn't do it, you need to open it in a lighter area. if that didn't work even, try readjusting it so the light sensor is under tacocat's right eye.
i got mine today, but . . . what's the surprise?
@doc, so what your saying is... it's not in kansas anymore?
just arrived melbourne australia.  :)
@donald, did you have a late pledge manager, or a change of address?
you're the first person to say a few weeks, donald. they said if it isn't out by tuesday, then to ask them what's up, so i'd contact the support team.
you said that delivery in july was made, so why did my notice from black box say that my game will ship in a few weeks?
arrived this morning. yay :)
it's leaving kansas!!!!!!!!
i get to go home now, also!
also, on that note, i can finally call it an end to my day. now, if only i hadn't had to work this boring holiday monday, then things would have been fantastic.
@zem: i hate you. made me remember i didn't eat my lunch because it tasted weird. now i have to make my way home, starving the whole time. thanks a lot. t.t
i got my decks,  and nopezilla isn't in them!  why didn't nopezilla make the cut?  i thought all the requests for nopezilla was how the nope cards came about.
speaking of which, i think time to eat now, so see y'alls when i'm back.
ok. i'll hold on to as many high horses as i can, but they love their marijuana, so i hope it's public soon enough!
it will eventually be made public
yes, card hoarding happens a lotmore with fewer players
i've been playing with four people and, usually, one has enough to whittle me down through all my defuses - by two/three of a kind, attacks, and favors. it's luck of the draw, i know, but it's there. i'll probably start limiting it to just face cards.
lz: aaw. ok. will it be something for the future we'll all know, or just a super private ultra secret for bestest buddies only thingy?
the surprise disappointed me at first, but the more i used it, the more i loved it! i almost dropped the box the first time it functioned!
he asked that i keep it secret. nothing to do with kc themed expansions, though
i am overjoyed. the surprise in the box was exactly what i was hoping for. thanks, guys <3
maybe it only happens more when there're fewer players to split the cards, but i'm not taking any chances. is it a super private ultra secret for bestest buddies only or can i have a hint? judging by the way you said it, (yes, i can hear intonations over the internet) it may or may not have had anything whatsoever remotely to do with the kitten corps expansion deck!
oh, and zem, i got the email. it was awesome
that hasn't been my experience, but i can see how that could happen
yeah, that's why i altered them to my advantage. wha- i mean for the better. he was right, it really comes down to a hoarders-olympics if you let any cards count for sets.
well, that part is in the advanced rules, which means it is optional
lz, my brother had 3 3-of-a-kinds, 4 2-of-a-kinds, and a 5-card set to draw from the discards. that's when i decided he couldn't win like a bitch, only like the asshole he really is. the best part of this game is even though it can be frustrating, you still love it so much!
zem, i know, right?
silenced, i noticed that too and limited those options mostly to just the picture cards because that happens too much. ` i love the ever-present "can i change my address?" no. they literally just shipped every single one. of course, you could submit a forwarding address with the local post office, which you should've done anyways if you're moving! honestly, we'll be getting that question all the way to new year's!
@scream, you should only be giving one defuse card when they play the 3 of a kind
lz, you're like the it crowd here! "have you tried turning it off and on again?" https://www.youtube.com/watch… wish i could've been here that whole time too,  but i guess i used up my shift covering the surveys. aah, not so good times.  "i haven't gotten my survey yet." "check your email. if it's not there, email the support" "but it didn't work!" "email the support!"
i don't think you're intended to play in the box. i always take the cards out and just play on the table, anyway
@zem you have more time off than me ...come on over xd
just an observation, but the combos being available to all cards just leads to card whoring in my experience. in two games now, i've had 4+ defuses, only to have them take by the pair or three of a kind combos being played with shuffles and predict the future cards. it often comes down, at the end, to who can play the most combos when there's only 2-3 cards left in the draw pile.
yay for exploding kittens! just a general observation (definitely not complaining), how come the two boxes have different types of draw and discard slots? i would think the cardboard barrier would get damaged. again, just my observation. i want to start playing! whoo hoo!
doc, you're only like a 5 hour drive away from me, so seeing how long it's gonna take to get to you, come on over! i don't have like anybody to play against yet. in fact, the first non-2 person game will hopefully take place tonight finally.
made me think of poz
whoa, missed quite a bit in the short time i was gone! i thought bullkitten was a nice person until that; levels of frustration and anger not seen since cane pissed me off those 2 times and then either left or lurked to [unsuccessfully] make me look like the asshole. good times!
wow, great day today! got my exploding kittens as well as an other kickstarter project. the surprise is awesome.
ducking = fucking
they probably lost the ducking thing.....so road trip won't help
yah mine was 12am friday and still sitting there.....fuckers
just got my copy in montreal, canada and everything is perfect. this has to be my best experience in backing a kickstarter project. from the campaign to all the wonderfull communication to the actual delivery of the product. even the individualized ship to one pager was amazing. congratulations to the entire team for pulling this off given the number of people who backed this kickstarter.
road trip! kansas then canada !! bring your kicking boots......
do it, doc. do it as you wrest the package from their icey grasp
@doc: someone should kick canada post as well...supposedly mine is still just picked up...which happened on friday around 6pm.
ok so someone who lives in kansas city go to fedex and kick someone in the shin.......they are slacking on my kittens
yes, i have told some others to check all their tabs and folders. i should probably add that to my copy/paste note.
thanks zom! after looking into it more it seems my email was 100% blocking all emails from kickstarter after the first ones sent.. i'm not sure why but it was just deleting them all as spam. i was able to get it to stop that and resend my survey thank god! hoping others that have heard nothing will see this and also check to see if  their email is to blame.
mel, if you still haven't heard anything by tomorrow, contact the ek team via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. you can also try reaching out to their fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
wwwoooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it has arrived in new zealand!!!!! omg omg omg omg!!!! sssqqquuuueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
apparently i am also one of the few that somehow did not get an email nor any other contact.. lovely..
just got mine.  everything. about. this. is. perfect.  i would follow the creator of this project into an active volcano.
it was supposed to be equally childish. that was the point. and obviously they weren't real personal attacks. it was silliness, silliness designed to point out his silliness.
@trinkets: apparently
honestly, this might be the most punctual kickstarter i've ever backed. which is pretty impressive considering that there were over 200k people who backed the project. this is typically 150,000 more than back the kickstarters i usually get behind. most of the ones i back run about 6 to 7 months behind as a minimum and i drop close to 150 or more on them. i am going to have to agree with matthew bell on this one, just not the method he used to get that point across though. kickstarters running beyond the estimated delivery date is to be expected, that's why this one was such a pleasant surprise.
yeah, sure. but resorting to personal attacks and bringing his mother into this is at least equally childish and accomplishes nothing. that's all i'm saying. i'm sure he wouldn't be so upset, though, if he at least had a concrete idea of when to expect his prize, but he's one of the unlucky few who haven't heard anything at all yet. that can be frustrating when you see everyone else getting theirs, especially when you've spent so much money on it.
aha!! are you commenting from a drunken phone as well, @lz?
come on, now. what sort of world do we live in if waiting another week is tantamount to deception, and evil. calm down, wait for the email. your stuff will come. and once it has, someone is going to feel mighty dumb for throwing such a hissy fit. how many months have we waited? how many more orders did they get than they expected? yeah. it is not necessary that he gets it today, or yesterday, or tomorrow. there are no lives hanging in the balance. it's a game. it's fun. it's coming. calm down.
damn autocorrect! i meant to say *he* ordered 4 nsfw decks...
except, mathew, us ordered 4 nsfw decks. that means he spent $140, which isn't much to some; but it's a lot to many. also, he's going out of town soon, and still hasn't heard one word about his reward. he's actually been fairly patient until today.
got my box on saturday and played the game for like 2 and a half hours with my wife, it's a ton of fun. unfortunately the recorded cat sound when you open the box already died. i know it's a minor quibble but i really thought that was awesome. anyone else experience this and if so how did you fix it?
okay. one last comment, and i'll be done. i swear! i understand that people are trying to be helpful, and deal with derek in an understanding way. however, this is clearly a lost cause. his position is simply one of not having gotten his way, exactly as he wanted it, and he will not be reasoned with. he has decided that he has been wronged, and there'll be no changing his mind. if one of my children acted so poorly in the face of a mild disappointment, i would send them to their room. but derek is not my child. personally, i find shaming him by mimicking his ridiculous, and unreasonable behavior, to be the only effective way of dealing with people like him. you may disagree. i don't disagree with your right to disagree. but i think we all agree, even if you're only agreeing in your heads, that he is just being silly.
got my kittens last week. really nice and splendid design. i was really surprised, in the good way, by the kitten sound. i would expect more project like this on ks. it is not a fast-food kind of crowdfund. it's well prepared and well designed like a mature product on market. nice job!
blam.  arrived atlanta, ga 7/31.  i suppose the the email is stuck somewhere, but i have kittehs!
still no email or kittehs. i am sad.
i love you all, just the same.
@derek you need to report the conduct by a few losers to kickstarter.  i already have!
@mathew bell: you know, you have gone way past even slightly amusing trolling. you are one of the problems with technology. some of us are actually trying to explain things, you're just shoving your head farther and farther up your own ass.
@derek when last your mother and i spoke, she expressed a deep dissatisfaction with life in general. at first, i thought that this meant that the fault lay with her, and not you, as she had initially stated. but the longer we spoke, the deeper my understanding of her situation became. did you know that the sun has not shown through the clouds a single time in her presence since you were born? almost unbelievable. she used to be a free spirit, a thinker, a visionary, but as she lay in that hospital bed, producing you from her now stretch mark scarred body, she saw your real father (fidel castro) slip out the door, never to return. this was but the first of her misery, only to be compounded when you refused to stop breast feeding, all the way until age 13. i believe that she is writing a book.
@derek: let me put it another way to try and explain: a pregnant woman is told her expected delivery date is august 1st, does it mean the baby will be born that day? no, it just means that is the doctors best guess as to when it will happen.
just putting the word "exploding" on a package should become a legal issue for the @creators.  absolute stupidity!
@allan ransom,  nope. mine wasn't taped and i'm in wisconsin.
@matthew you keep making comments about my mother and you will be sorry.
@owen, perhaps you should read the latest update, "expected delivery date still july"... case closed.
@jacob be respectful? i think i deserve to explode after the several hateful comments directed at me, especially from matthew
my cats went bonkers when i opened the box.  thank you for a fine product.
i exploded... a total of 3 times on saturday
got my copy today! (well, saturday, but i just checked my mail today!) everything was intact (taped and everything) and great....including the surprise which made me laugh. the personalized packing slip was wonderful too and such a cool additional touch. for those who mentioned that their shipping boxes werent taped, it may be due to international customs requirements. the shipping boxes do say the word "exploding" right on them so i bet they were searched or had a requirement that the boxes could be searched if needed. it's better to not tape it (the box has a built-in folding seal) instead of you getting a box that had the tape cut or torn off. just a thought. a huge thanks go out to the ek team....i cant wait to play this thing. you guys are all-stars in my book!
my kittens are here!!!! i'm so happy, i need to have a lie down and rest. getting a little light headed after shouting "my kittens are here" for an hour at the neighbors....
@derek it's not her fault, man. she tried. but, well, you know how you are. gotta let it go, dude. let the healing begin.
derek, you have backed all of 2 project on kickstarter.  both of the projects had delays and were slow to respond to emails due to volume.  i don't know when you contacted the exploding kittens team, but from personal experience it takes a couple weeks for small projects.  the earliest estimates are what most projects post on kickstarter, but there are delays.  some folks did get the project on time, and others are getting it soon after.  folks have tried to help you, and ignore the trolls.  if you can't be respectful to those that have tried to help you, then get off kickstarter.  if you can't ignore the trolls, get off kickstarter.  if you can be respectful to those that want to help you and can ignore the trolls who have nothing better to do, then welcome to the world of product investments.
@mathew bell, i think that was a little too far. i understand his frustrations but think his venting of said frustration shouldn't lead to callous remarks.
my kittens are in fulfillment but not on my doorstep, my trian is stuck in customs because they don't like us polish people, my steampunk is floating somewhere in the carribean, my evolution is somewhere in a fedex truck, my rum is in fulfillment-chaos down in atlanta, and my king is in the air (maybe) somewhere between here and israel. but they will all arrive in time - muahahahahahaha! (short version for the whiners: get over it)
i had to laugh.  my delivery had an inspection label on it from the post office.  i don't think someone understood that exploding kittens isn't actually an explosive nor a live good...
go f**k yourselves assholes
@derek your mom doesn't love you. she never did.
come on, guys. derek has put a lot into this. i'd be frustrated at this point, as well, if i were in his shoes.
estimated delivery: jul 2015 ships anywhere in the world that, taken from under any pledge level...i see estimated not expected. case closed.
@derek your tears sustain us. cry harder. cry longer. dig deep into the harm caused to you. play with the wound. let a river flow from your eyes, backed by your childish impatience. it cleanses our souls.
expected isn't the same as guaranteed
got mine as well and loved the surprise inside :)
received my rewards here in san diego, california on saturday.  i loved the surprise and the regular and nsfw decks are great.  can't wait to play the game!
@owen you have no idea of my personal situation. also, it is a ftc violation to say the "expected delivery date is still july" when they knew full well that some would not ship in july. elan said on twitter yesterday that they knew some wouldn't even ship in july, so yeah basically they lied. you can't say expected (not estimated) delivery date of july if you know some won't even start shipping until august
@gm +1 i will translate what gm was trying to say... suck it up. they'll fix your problems asap. complaining here won't do any good.
lz, all the moneys. all the moneys in dah worlds. man, all that in half an hour? so busy here! i might be back on regularly later, but tomorrow i'm free from detasseling, so free to annoy all of you too!
@gm, maybe the secret is actually not  what people have been saying. (i  still haven't said what the secret is, so as not to inform those yet to receive it.)
@derek: you do realize, there is probably a very substantial amount of emails that they are sifting through, and it is usually easier to not respond to get issues dealt with quicker than to spend time responding to the vast majority of the emails. either have patience, or go do something else until they either: a) have time to be able to respond to each and every email, or b) you get notification that things are shipping. also, the estimated delivery was july. guess what estimated means? that's right, what they think they might be able to meet. doesn't mean it will, just means they hope against all odds that they can ship them in july, and have them delivered the same month. hell, the fact that most of them did ship in july is a feat all in its own due to the number of decks, addresses, and personalized packing slips(from what i've read, haven't gotten mine yet). be patient, or take your pessimism elsewhere please.
so, is it too early to ask when i can buy an expansion? because i want an expansion. i want more hilarious cat shenanigans. i want more ways to piss off my wife by screwing her over just when she thinks she is about to win. i want more.
don't bother emailing them, they don't respond
i got my kitties today! the box is hilarious! i didn't think they would ever come. so worth the wait! <3
as always, people can reach out to the ek team via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
barry, you should be getting a notice by tomorrow. if you don't then you should email the ek team and/or blackbox. i 'll post the email addresses next.
well it is bad that they said, "expected delivery date is still july" knowing full well that some wouldn't even begin to ship in july
is it bad that i haven't heard anything regarding shipping my order, or do i just need to chill out and wait for word that it's on the way?
@gershom: most of us have already either deduced, or had it ruined for us. some people, unlike yourself, have no sense of letting others receive their decks before stating what the surprise was. i do commend you on your thoughtfulness though.
my kittens have been in my hometown science saturday night and still not moving today. damn you stat holidays.
i'm not going to be spoiling the surprise for those who haven't gotten it yet but i just got my package in the mail and i played half a dozen rounds with my family. we absolutely love it and the surprise is hilariously thoughtful! thank you!
it came while i was out of town.  my hubby got it and sent me a pic. i had to wait till i came home to see all the awesomeness that was enclosed in the box.  thank you for creating this and l look forward to *possible* future kickstarters from you.
lol
you say you're outbidding doc, but i haven't heard any numbers from you
blah blah blah!
dangit, lz, no sense in prolonging the inevitable! stop your jibber-jabbering, crowd surfing, and advice giving so i can catch up to you and defeat you handily in comment-to-comment combat!
no end of the year pizza though. :(
that sucks doc. wait'll you hear i'm outbidding you for the extra playtest deck! detasseling is over! ding dong the witch is dead! https://www.youtube.com/watch… i can finally rest in peace, not pieces. now i can finally just melt into the couches for good, sleep until 10+am and go to sleep at 1+ am... good times!
.... my kittens have been sitting in kansas since 12am friday morning.....
still haven't received mine yet, it was handed off to usps on friday. no delivery updates from them since. i'm worried since everyone else in my town seems to have received theirs already. i emailed blackbox support, still no reply.
@trinkets: yeah, working on the holiday. with maybe 15 people in the office, out of the normal 30-35. so it is rather quiet around here today.
i got my red swingline today!
i have received the package today and everything is awesome!!! i totally laughed at the invoice print details. pretty original idea! i will treasure it forever! i was surprised that the package was not taped shut and worried that anyone could have opened it and took something, but look like everything is there. please tell blackbox to tape the package for tamper-proof. just saying! other than that i am loving those cards! great job exploding kittens team! i will definitely look forward for the next crazy original ideas from you guys!
received on saturday.  i played almost 2 dozen games with my kids the rest of the weekend.  we love it!  looking forward to game night with my friends to break out the nsfw deck.
after a hand off from fedex to the usps over the weekend, it's saying delivery today for mine and tracking shows it in my town, so hopefully, i'll be playing it tonight.
@lz, @gm, going as good as can be expected. working during holiday, @gm?  that sucks.
the only 'problem' that i have with the game is that my wife and kids opened it before i could, and she started playing the 'alternate' deck and they (8 years old) were laughing at the 'bad' words and wife was left to answer/explain! karma for ya!
elan is online. will i be getting the email soon?
hi trinkets. how's it going?
hello, trinkets!
greetings fellow corps members!
just received my ek's. how cool and i haven't even played the game. i'm impressed at how fast you all took care of business and got us our games, especially considering the number of orders!!! the personalized insert is really cute. you really hit a home run with not only the success of the campaign but what you actually delivered.
i received my package over the weekend.  my kids got a kick out of the surprise in the box.  :)  thanks for the great campaign!!
yet another failed kickstarter
double checked and redouble checked and everything is in order.  this is the only invoice i think i shall keep forever... love it!  will have to see how the non-exploding cats at home react to the opening of the box :d  ty.
just received ...ty ... y'all did an awesome job ... the attention to detail is amazing ... i smile each and every time i open the box.
got mine in mn. and as i'm seeing i'm not the only one receiving a shipping box that wasn't taped shut... serious shipping wtf?
@katherine: i will definitely be doing the same if i get someone else's. hopefully whoever ends up with mine(if they do, still haven't gotten my package to know anyways), will do the same and send it along it's merry way.
hi all - it seems that a lot of us have received the incorrect shipping label. i've sent an email to support and haven't yet heard back. another backer and i (jessica ashleigh c.) have decided to mail the packing slips we received to their rightful owners in hopes that people will do the same for us :)
what an awesome game! great job to all involved!
just got my decks. awesome :d opening the box was indeed a surprise ;)
woot woot! mine is out for delivery. let's see if i have the same issue as most people and not being taped shut.
hi, i m a backer based in paris france, any idea when the shipping will happen ? i did not see or receive yet any confirmation email. thanks ..
i got my decks this weekend and can't stop laughing long enough to play! thanks for the awesomeness of the exploding kittens!
othe following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
help! missed the survey email since it went to my spam folder....how can i get my backer rewards???
@egeeked: well, at least one of them is working. i will definitely need to find out if each of the ones i ordered is working(before i hand them out to people who ordered through me).
happy and sad all at once. i ordered 2 and one is perfect the others surprise is defective :(
@gm: huzzah!
got mine!  can't wait to play this later today..
yay! it's a holiday here in alberta...wait...i don't get the holiday and am stuck at work....boooooo! on a side note, canada post picked up my package from the distribution center in toronto at about 6pm on friday...so i should have it tomorrow, or wednesday at the latest.
@lord zombitten  much appreciations for the advice.  i assumed that tacocat, like me, enjoys the dark recesses of the human soul.  and my parents' basement.  we'll venture out this afternoon for an experiment!
@salmon: tacocat likes the sun. try opening your box where it is brighter, and see if that fixes things. ;) for most people, that does the trick!
akash, i'm unaware of any number you can call. i asked them what the best way to contact them is, and their answer was email. they are probably getting a ton of emails, though, so it could take a little while to get through them all. it wouldn't surprise me if they don't check them on the weekend, since there are only five of them and everybody needs a couple days of per week. i'm sorry you're having religies. i hope it all works out for you. be sure to check all tabs and folders, just to be on the safe side.
i am very upset with you. my wife wouldn't have sex with me last night because i beat her four times in a row in your game. what do you plan to do about this?
@lord zombitten: akash here again. as you advised i reached out over the weekend. i haven't heard back from support@explodingkittens.com as yet. also since i never received the survey i'm assuming, they don't have my shipping address or other details. is there a number i can call at?
so happy to finally have my kittens!  but the secret surprise in my box isn't working!  sad kittens abound.  perhaps its secrets are too secret for me!
@dan: you can sign up on www.explodingkittens.com to receive an email notification when the game becomes available for purchase.
sitting here at the office in johannesburg, south africa, says it should be here by 6pm tonight, and i really hope it is! the suspense is killing me!
love my new game and like that the surprise inside. great job!
i love my kittens! and the surprise... so awesome! just one suggestion - maybe seal the shipping box? anyone could have opened it and kidnapped my kittens. fortunately, no one did, but i really don't trust humanity in general. thank you thank you for a wonderfully twisted start to my monday!
great surprise in the box ;) love my new card game "ek"…
dan, don't feel bad, i ordered regular decks and nsfw decks, expecting them to be in the same box. the ek team over delivered and sent a box for each deck i ordered. i gotta believe that they have expansion packs in mind already. took the game to a graduation party and after a few false starts and interruptions, it was a big hit. many requests of "how can i buy a deck?"
best packaging ever!!!
great game.  my only wish at this point is that i would have ordered another set to go in my box.  any ideas on when this will be available via retail?
that was one cool package. you guys displayed an amazing amount of organization in getting this project done, and always (as far as we can tell) with smiles on your faces. you should be proud of yourselves. my daughter is very excited to play the game on our upcoming vacation, so you are making it onto the packing list!
i woke up to a coffee and my fiancee telling me i had a parcel, the invoice was amazing xd
i have them at last, i was so excited to see them. and so quick (brisbane australia ) have a barbeque coming up soon. going to have 1 or 2 drinks well ok a lots more that,  we are going attempt to play the game blind rotation drunk. but i'm sure we will have a lot of fun
arrived in luxembourg today ! i love it ;-)
just got home from holiday to find this little beauty waiting for me. i'm probably waaaaay behind everyone else from the uk at this point, but still... this thing looks immense and i can't wait to get the chaps over to help unleash the hilarity! =^-^= p.s. kudos on the choice of "surprise" in the box - i was not expecting that!
just received mine today (sydney, australia). so excited! awesome packaging, can't wait to give the game a go. amazing work guys, would definitely sponsor again! p.s. best thank you not ever.
pretty stoked to have this in hand, but i believe we were promised 2x hairy boob dragons....
arrived in sydney today. love the thank you note!
^-^ all here and adored at newcastle nsw australia ^-^
got mine today!!!! :) :) :) thanks @explodingkittens!!!! (wish i could post a photo of the boxes in the box!)
delivered to nz over the weekend, shockingly fast... :)
arrived at bolwarra australia ^-^ thank you!
thanks lord zombitten, i have emailed support@explodingkittens.com.  cheers
omg! delivered in a few days to sydney, aus and my little kitty heart exploded! a few questioning glances from my co-workers when i opened the box...cue jealous murmurs. prrrrrrrrr
what is this bullhonky! i didn't have to wait two months after the announcement that shipping had to get my products (australia)?! great flaming kittens! do they travel at light speed? you guys and blackbox are fantastic!
the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
arrived in melbourne, aus unfortunately half the normal deck has holes in them or are bent. the nsfw deck is fine....
arrived in seattle! thanks guys!
another sydney delivery here - thanks! :) also, the "secret  surprise" got a chuckle out of me. and the customised thank-you note was unexpected, great work.
game rocked up! sydney, australia woot woot!
thanks for the awesome work again guys, my own set of ek (+nsfw) also arrived today in sydney, australia. next time i'll remember not to open my goodies while on a conference call and unmuted.. that cat sure made an impression :)
just played our first round of ek at work (in sydney, australia), now everyone in the office hates each other, great success!
so freaking excited - exploding kittens just landed in regional australia!
i have an uncle named jeff buckner
love this game. tons of fun.
got me some exploding kittens in the mail! sydney australia
got me some exploding kittens in the mail! sydney australia
brodie todd's pic reminds me of creeper's old pic
you're outbidding doc, eh? how do you know?
i just found a bomb in the post in taranaki, new zealand ... oh wait it was just a kitten... an exploding kitten :d looks great, can't wait to play it looks like it should be a lot of laughs :)
hey, lz, speaking of comments today, that last one was my fourth eklol! i'm gonna getcha! i'm gonna getcha! boo!
doc, i'm in bhumfuq, nebraska and got mine saturday after shipping through iowa. they shipped randomly though, so don't feel left out, they'll be there by tues. ` lz, i'm outbidding doc. and i won't just leave them on a shelf, though i'd love them and pet them and call them george, making sure if anyone smudged or even *gasp* tore one, eye for an eye.  i wanted to playtest, but wasn't able to, but really want a deck, so if any consuls out there still have an extra and are willing to sell, i'll be there for you these five words i swear to you when you breathe i want to be the air for you i'll be there for you
anyone in canada get it yet?
woot!!! just got mine in sydney australia!!! you guys are awesomely great!!!
the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
just arrived in sydney, australia. love the surprise inside :)
blackbox didn't tape the shipping box closed. i received an empty box. anyone else not get their game due the strange reason of not taping a box shut?
@creeper: not everyone. did you hear about the guy who accidentally left his on top of a car and they got smashed by another car?
anyone from malaysia received it yet *gosh damn cant wait excited level*
yay!  got to work this morning to find an e-mail saying that my kittens had shipped. then at lunchtime the package arrived.  thank you so much! the secret surprise was surprising (and awesome) and the shipping note was hilarious. i know what i'm doing tonight.   :)
arrived in wollongong, australia. love it. thank you!
i'm glad everyone is enjoying it!
got my copy 8/1/15, and introduced my gaming group to it. after almost 3 hours of explosions and nopes verdict is loved. i will be introducing my local gaming shop to it soon. thank you for all of the enjoyment!
i'm in iowa .... kittens hate iowa apparently... should arrive wed .... so long from now
got mine in sydney australia today. love the special surprise.
got mine in pa yesterday! but my special surprise isn't working! :( it did for a few hours but now nothing....
i'm waiting for mine to get to the courier on miami, and they will be here on venezuela in a week! i can't wait for them to get here! >_<
received mine in nyc.  some people in australia and the uk also.
i know some people in ny have gotten theirs
got the email from blackbox that my shipping "will happen"...but no tracking. anyone near nj got it yet?
thanks lz. found it.
got my four sfw and two nsfw decks. the shipping box was not taped closed. hope nothing else was taken, but i can't imagine someone would take a flyer or a sticker or something, and just leave the decks in there :)
elizabeth, there are little letters on the lower left corner on the front of the cards. they tell you what deck they're from
i know i saw it but now i can't find it, if i put the two decks together, how can i tell how to separate them?
but yah email me of you want to sell it i would love to add it to my collection....
it will end up on my shelf never getting used lol xd ....all my games go on display....
well, i only have one more extra, since i'm keeping one
i'd like to buy a deck as well if possible
hmmm. we'll have to see about that
@lz i would prob buy a playtest deck from you .......depending on price xd
well that was another reason why i vanished for a bit: i didn't want no spoilers.
got mine, all i can say is awesome work guys!
it was also pretty much exactly what i thought it would be
that's because you didn't see any comments about it first. i knew what it was before i got mine
i almost dropped it it was so shockingly amazing, that awesome box surprise was surprising!
yes, the game is a blast
i received my reward on saturday and have played about 5 games. i loved the surprise in the box, and the game is fun! thanks!
well, it backfired, apparently.
he's just messin with you. i paid him to do that so you weren't so focused here so i could up my comments against you.
okay, i think elan got off of twitter right after he sent me that tweet...
yes, i saw that post. it would be awesome if that was them
my box wasn't taped, but even if the fedex people like to break boxes, they don't typically steal from them. did you see that one day in the morning i saw a fedex semi with a flammable: 3 warning sign on it? i'm certain that was them. i would so put an instable: 4 hazard symbol on mine just for gits and shiggles if i were carrying those boxes.
zem, mine came straight to me as well. my blue box was also taped shut
have you received an email from blackbox yet?
i'm jealous...  all of my friends seem to have received their exploding kittens...  will i receive mine soon too??
huh. i don't know why i haven't gotten andrew's address yet...
mine seems the only one to have come relatively straight to me. so glad it came on saturday rather than tuesday!
i was going to make a snide comment about the post and logic, but nothing sounded that funny in my head. i hope you get your kittens soon!
well my package was shipped lol...it went from mississauga, on to winnipeg, mb then to toronto, on...the thing is i live in winnipeg lol...wonder why canada post sent it to toronto and i hope it does not get lost...
i was just discussing yesterday what i was going to do with the three playtest decks i still have. i think i know what i'm doing with one of them, now.
i did lz!  and that sucks andrew d:
andrew, that's rough. i'm sorry for your loss
became the #firstrealexplodingkitten today, it's been a sad day. never got to play :'( picture of the aftermath is on the exploding kittens facebook my first edition and nsfw deck got destroyed by a car today. https://m.facebook.com/photo.php…
well, seems to have died down a little. might as well go do those things now. don't know if i'll be on much at all rest of the day. i'm going to be getting back home late as it is. well, late for me waking up at 3:45 to go detasseling again. i'm watching pixels with my brother and a friend at 7:15, so should be back around 10. ooh, might as well pull an all-nighter! remember when i was on here from noon central to like 1 am, 3 am on weekends? those were the days.
yes, it throws me off as well. i loved how recognizable my old pic was
3 minutes without comment?! gah, the old impatience is coming back. that's what happens when it gets that busy here. i remember being impatient over 5 minutes. now there were regularly like 5 hour breaks.
hard not to, lz, it's your icon now. that keeps throwing me off. i kinda miss the old one. it was one of the most easily recognizable pictures here.
i wonder if this game becomes huge if in 50 years or something some kid will pull out the exclusive kickstarter ek box out of his dad's attic and sell it for like $1,000. then another will find one of the original console decks and sell it for like $50,000 at auction.
dr p, did you notice my favorite card?
yes, i like the subtle variation between pt3 and 1st edition, also.
when i pass her, unless there's a better trophy available, i'm going to team up with geist and we'll combine powers to sneak in ninja-like and take the precious. speaking of which, i still think comment 100,000 should be elan's, though unless he's ready for it i don't know how we'll hold off any random person stumbling in to complain about how they need their shipping address changed 3 months from now.
playtest3.  and i meant while drinking, but you could make something up.  that's how games get made anyway.
i liked how they at least told you there was a comment. now you just hit refresh whenever you're near the page. i just wish they automatically came up on the page without having to guess if there was a new one or clicking anything.
have to?  she's never gonna give it up zem!
how do you use this as a drinking game? you esplode, you chug? pt3 deck?
the comments stopped autoloading too, i didn't like that.
creeper, i think that should be the trophy of whomever takes the lead. keep the comments up and you won't have to give it up like rick astley.
it's also a super good drinking game too.  fun fun indeed.  i love all the cards, and really like that they is some suddle variation between the gen 1 deck and the pt3 deck.
i haven't tried to keep up with comments and type like this for months! i remember the end of the campaign trying to pull this off for hours on end, never leaving this page, just having fun along with everyone. back then you didn't have time to watch a whole video before somebody commented like you do sometimes nowadays.
no one gets the precious.
i'd still check in over here pretty often, but be a more familiar presence on the new page. but considering they're releasing all of this like a normal game as soon as they get everybody's games out and done, i think any expansions but the ever-possible kc expansion will be released normally.
i was ahead of creeper until i got the new job and no longer had as much time to devote to the chatting
but yeah, 8 months of friendship and camaraderie waiting with eachother until this thing finally arrived yesterday. now i can't wait until i have more friends to play with. the nsfw deck is perfect for college buddies.
not always, but my jibberjabbing got me fairly close.  yeah, we would move over to the expansion page.  we would be able to give out fantastic prizes for the jibjabs though.
i think they'll just release it normally, though if they ks'd it, it'd draw in the older kc members!
1000, 2500, and 3000 really. dr. p has always been close to creeper. i remember when i was a wee li'l commenter dreaming of my multiple eklols. now i'm knocking them out about one every month and a half!
creeper will still comment some, though. also, we don't know if they'll simply release the expansion or kickstart it. if they kickstart it, this section will become obsolete
we were ever so jolly too!  everyone giving each other shit, joking around, and debating... alas, haven't seen many of the older kittens.  it's been a long time since f or blondie showed up as well.
i could've had at least 1000 more if i'd joined earlier. but i found out before commenting on anything else that there were about 30 comments missing. at this level, it's not really going to make a difference because i'm 1000, 2000, and 3000 away from y'all.
so, if it took 7 months to get 4,000-ish comments, then it shouldn't take more than possibly 3 months to pass creeper, a year worst case scenario. my sense of nationalism (kickstarterism?) is more than yours! i bring the sense of american patriotism into the comment scene!
bah-hahahaaah! waiting so long to see them was your fatal error
that's probably where the others are. the scraper only looks at comments on exploding kittens
about one comment per minute, rates only seen rarely since the end of the campaign! i still wish i had seen the comment section earlier and joined in the jollities.
i've only commented here, on yooka-laylee a little, and once on one of the reverend sklorz's things to set him up for a crash.
and you 'll certainly never get the precious
didn't you go comment on hubey's projects a little?
i dunno, lz, you guys haven't been on in awhile. just me, idle, geist, trinkets, recently bakhan, and some cameos hither and thither.
do i win the precious for passing her? only like 3,100 till then! i like how that doesn't seem like much, but i only have 4000 comments logged here now. still haven't found those missing 30-ish.
you'll never beat the creeper!
careful, you'll get yourself tased zem.
yeah, well i got about 850 from you, lz, but you've been back on recently and i haven't. hey, i got like 500 closer to you in that time though. the top levels are more spread out and tougher to pass. just can't wait till i reach the final boss: the creeper!
only 2600 comments till i pass you, dr. p.
i was gone for about a month, too; and he didn't pass me, either
hey, blame detasseling! i've been trying in the short time i have everyday!
and i told you, lz, you're gonna get a bunch of emails from nigerian princes in distress and viagra.
i'm gone for a month and you still haven't passed me zem?  you being lazy or something?
not gonna happen, zem!
it's as busy as old times again! and so many of us are all on now, all the top 4 commenters! go away so i can catch up more. ;)
doing well. i have the anticipation butterflies, though
it's a day for celebration: the kittens are here after 8 months of waiting! i'm still gonna be on here like everyday after this. too bad i'm not on much today.
how've you guys been doing?
understood!
doing well.  i got super busy there all last month, didn't do much other than work, gym, eat, and sleep.
i'm glad you got your kittens, potatten!
dr p!!! how are you?!
greetings creeper!
gah! i got the email notification from my phone, but it wasn' from elan! it was just...something else!
welcome back potatten! :)
yes
do you have sad cow disease bullkitten?
got mine yesterday and played about 15-20 games now and it's better when your drinking
:(
so how has everyone been?
i got my kittens! <3
the kittens are going to kill you too
the kittens are going to kill you too
the anticipation is killing me
@ melissa,  thanks... cn
amazing game
hi charlie-  please contact support@explodingkittens.com with a clear subject 'missing nsfw deck"  you'll get a better response from there.
hello exploding kittens team, first i would like to say big thanks for getting this campaign completed as described.  i really like the personal message that you guys sent and everything looks way professional. but when i got my black box but it was not tape and i am missing nsfw deck.  not sure what happen if it was missed in the fulfillment or during shipping.  please send me the nsfw deck, i really want to check it out since it sound so amazing from the comments on here. thanks, charlie n.
oh, that's diabolic
lz, he just wanted it to sell to a bunch of companies for some pocket change to go clubbing tonight. expect a hell of alot of spam in the coming weeks.
so i had ordered 4 nsfw sets to give some away as gifts next weekend, and since they said expected delivery date was july, i figured i was good. i leave for my trip on thursday, so if i don't get my kittens by wednesday i am pretty much screwed. it seems there is no logic to how the shipping was done. not by region, backer number, or anything. people all over the world have gotten theirs, and even several people who live down the street from me, but i have yet to receive even a tracking email. i guess the shipping was completely random :(
still no email....
can you see a thing with a little squiggle on it? the photosensor might have been jossled out of alignment
i got mine today, but i can't get the surprise to work, even after taking it out and shining a light on it :(
don't be so sure, zem
haha, thanks zem!  and lz - let us know what it is!
speaking of which, creeper, congrats on your 7th eklol!
dang it lz, you're just doing this to make it harder to pass your title as 3rd top commenter, aren't you? now it's back to about a thousand comments till i can pass you. oh well, once this all dies down, you'll leave again and i'll be here, patiently claiming titles.
just played 2 more games with my brother because nobody else is around. lost the first one sorely, but the second one came down to 2 cards, me with 3 defuses and my brother with none, the other in the discards. i layed 5 otherwise useless cards to secure his fate with a nope that blocked an attack card, and it came down in the end to there literally being 1 playable card in either of our hands, my last defuse, and he had to draw. i love when a game this simple gets this tense!
zomg!!!! elan just asked for my email so he could send me something that will really make me smile!
that's right, zem!
the nsfw deck is so amazing.
the conspiracy began generations before the game was conceived, but the illuminati thinks that far ahead.
it's a conspiracy to make people wait an extra day to receive their awesomeness
i wish the post office delivered on sunday  lol
sam edwards (if you're still here), if you're shuffling two cards and one is an exploding kitten, mix them around under the table until told to stop. that's the only way to do it randomly and not know whether you 'll draw an exploding kitten.
@webpollution for a ten player game, when the first person explodes, reinsert (or shuffle) the kitten back into the deck. proceed as normal after that.
jamie, look at the lower left corner of the front of the cards. the regular deck has tiny print that says "1st edition" and the nsfw deck has a tiny "nsfw"
so after having the game for 24 hours i have to say my kids love it! you knocked it out of the park with this one. my one quibble is that i wish the front of the nsfw cards had an icon or something so that they could be separated more easily if i am playing with people who might be a bit young/easily offended for/by the content.
i got mine yesterday and it's glorious! i have only one small miniscule quibble. just one, i swear! it needs just 1 more exploding kitten card, and i'll tell ya why: since you put in enough cards for all your players minus 1, if you mix 2 decks together (like the regular and the nsfw deck) you've still only got 8 cards, so the most you can play is 9 players. just one single black card and you could have 10. call it my unnatural need for even numbers...
my kittens arrived saturday.  i have two boys ages 9 and 6.  we have played for at least 3 hours in two days.  it is a great game.  this kickstart should be documented in a business textbook on how to promote and run a kickstarter.  great work!
received mine on friday - thanks! the surprise was great! well done guys - my first kickstarter to come in on time! mike
love it! the game is awesome, the surprise was awesome, even the receipt was awesome!!!  thank you for your hard work :) also, i am glad that zombitten posted this, i was worried that i broke it before i could play :( "for people having issues with the secret surprise: tacocat likes the sun. try opening your box where it is brighter, and see if that fixes things. ;) for most people, that does the trick!"
if you "shuffle" when there are only 2 cards remaining (one being an exploding kitten). do you choose the order, or find a way of randomly shuffling 2 cards?
omg! the personalized packing slip was another really cool surprise!!
suggestions for best card sleeves? i paid $35 for these and don't feel like having them torn up.
got ours yesterday!  had fun playing the nsfw deck, and promptly hid it away from the children. can i get some extra nope cards for use in daily life?
glad to have recieved the game so quickly. can't wait to find people to play with. my surprise definitely doesn't work and that's a bummer though.
i got mine last night! it was an awesome surprise to come home to after working all day!! i cannot wait to play this seriously!!
got mine yesterday!! wahoo! hilarious! love the packing slip and the surprise! everything from shipping, packaging, communication and the cards themselves are first class. you guys did an awesome job!
hello creeper!! i got mine yesterday and love them so much!  you'd think since i've been getting up at 3:45 every morning i'd wake up at like 6 or 7 on my day off, or 8 am like last sunday. nope, 10:00, and that's only because my brother came in and woke me up.
tacocat likes the sun.  try the box in a bright room.
it's so nice to see so many happy comments!!
there is no need for tape when people know there are exploding kittens in the box! lol
just got my box today! looking forward to playing it! sad to say that the surprise does not work!! :(
huzzah!  received!  and just noticed the packing slip...so awesome.
got mine yesterday - thank you for making this the platinum standard for how to run a great kickstarter campaign. purrfection!!
got mine yesterday. thank you for one of the most efficent, well run and on time projects i have ever backed
gots mines.  gave it to my son who said it was a big hit at a party last night.  thanks for an awesome game.
wife just came within a backhair's width of pissing her pants laughing at this game. instantly worth it. <3
got my kittens yesterday! i'll be trying it with my girlfriend today. such excite!
thank you for this game. i received the package yesterday and cracked it open as soon as i got home last night. and you were right about the surprise, i laughed so much, it was amazing.
wanted to thank all the team for such a fantastic kickstarter. loved following this all the way through and seeing it come to fruition. played my first game last night. love the quality, the personal comic and all the neat touches. can't wait to try it on a big group of friends. good job guys
awesome, guys, my box arrived in australia on friday morning. purrfectly intact. lucky i was off work sick (hur hur) and could sign for it. love the surprise!
was pretty nervous when i saw my box had no tape on it but everything is untouched and looks great!  can't wait to get my friends together to play!
@jason, the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
best think i've ever found inside my mailbox!  that includes all the spiders!  10/10 would purchase again! :d
got mine today. receipt inside was in a couple pieces and for another person. kind of makes me wonder if the packaging is off and if some people will receive more than they should and others will receive less.
just got mine today. cant wait to play it. shipping said it was going to be here monday and it got here today. cant wait to play :)
so glad i backed this... my family and friends played tonight (made them watch the krieger vid first cause he explained it better than i could) and 8 rounds later we had to stop because it was getting late. thank you so much elan, shane and matthew... you folks struck gold and hope you continue on with this.
got mine in the mail today. no problems, except that i lost the first game. i underestimated the anxiety level of pulling a card each turn. it was the worst when each defuse card was stolen by my wife just before my turn. my family was apprehensive about playing at first, but two rounds into the first game, we were all laughing and enjoying spending some time together. thank you, exploding kittens crew. i'm looking forward to getting a lot of play out of this game.
and best of all, no skipping every single comment being scared for my life and "surprise-virginity", as i called it before i realized it could also mean something completely, completely different. i hope you see the way i meant it.
well, that's enough day for one day. only 2-3 days left (supposedly) before i get my summer free time back and can laugh at you all and all y'alls can complain about how crappy your jobs are again without me bursting in with pure liquid pain, early, weather, and maybe even making more money than you, if only for a 2-4 week period per year.
exactly
oh, instead of "first edition" in the bottom left, it says "nsfw". it'll still take forever to make them all right-side up and then search out every nsfw.
no goats zem; i'm just a really good cook.
lz, thanks for posting that picture in the kitty chow part of the forum. now i won't sleep well. because i'll be dreaming of needing that thing all night! how many goats did you have sacrifice to make something like that?!?!?!
for people having issues with the secret surprise: tacocat likes the sun. try opening your box where it is brighter, and see if that fixes things. ;) for most people, that does the trick!
the surprise isn't working in my box, however loved the game right from the first draw.
@rachel: the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
zem, the nsfw cards are marked already
i recieved the game in the mail today!! i'm so excited. to play!!
actually, i like that all of the backs are the same color.  that way, i can substitute some cat's scrodinger cards into my regular deck.
i'm glad very very few people actually have a complaint even as minor as an orange stripe on a card, which for all i know is supposed to be there and he just thought it looked off! i love this game and look forward to playing it all the time with family and friends! i knew half of the nsfw ones would be too risque for family, but i'm in college, so i know it'll go over really well. i just wish those cards were black on the back like the box is so you can separate them later. now i'll have to mark them to know they came from the nsfw box so i don't accidentally leave something like a crack smoking owl or a boob wizard in there for my mom to draw.
well i won 1/3 of the starting games just against my jerk of a little brother. but if there's anything fezzik taught me, it's that fighting against one person vs a crowd of people require different tactics, so i could have a better chance with a full group of players.
i got my package today (which i needed due to a stressful week & all kinds if sick.) my one teeny complaint is this: i received someone else's packing slip. i know it's a small thing, but they are personalized & i would like to have the one that was intended for my order.
received. played (multiple times). enjoyed. thanks for all the hard work.
there's nothing wrong with that, really.
i also received my copy today (2 days after the last update and also 2 days earlier than the shipping info said!) and i wanted to say that you guys are the best! the game is awesome, the box is even more awesomer! unfortunately, you have now set the bar so impossibly fucking high that probably no kickstarter  in the future will ever be able to meet the awesomeness that was this campaign.
just got my copy today - everything is amazing. loved the surprise as well. however, one of the cards in my nsfw deck appears to have been misprinted - there's a stay orange line running across the top of the card. has anyone else run into any misprinted cards?
got mine today. creepiest packing slip ever.
my cat just looked up at me when i opened the box, and winked as if to say "i know that's not a real cat in there"; and went back to sleep.
mine came in a larger cardboard box, but then, i got five sets. even then, the tape they used to seal the main box was less than stellar and had started to delaminate from the box.  other than that, i am happy with everything the ek creative team has put forth. excellent campaign, good communications, and a great pay-off at the end.
just got mine. blackbox did a great job with the shipping, the box wasn't taped shut, but everything got here just fine, so whatever. cards look awesome, can't wait to play with some friends
very much so!
i just got mine, i'm stoked! i can't stop laughing at all the little details, it was worth the wait.
oh happy day!!!! everything came in perfect condition, the surprise is better than anything i could think of and it even has little litter boxes printed on the bottom of the box!!! about to play my first game :)
i'm seeing people say their blue box wasn't taped shut.  mine was.
got mine today at work! everything showed up in purrfect condition, too! my actual kitten finds the "surprise" endlessly intriguing. so happy to have been a part of this ks. can't wait to round up some friends and play now :d
ah, nevermind. i fixs. :d
my surprise is not surprising. :/
finally back from moving my brothers into their new home with a bunch of their friends. time to finally, after nearly 8 months, play this game! first time finally, with my little brother whose cards will get here after the weekend.
kristen dyrr, i was able to fix my surprise thanks to your comment. (that sounds oddly inappropriate...) just needed more light. thanks!!
p.s. the packing seemed good, it was taped shut, and my boxes arrived in good shape.  no complaints here.  it's a shame some others weren't as fortunate.
i've called 911.  someone left a package labeled "exploding kittens" on my doorstep.  the animal control bomb squad are on their way.   nope!    ;-)
thank you! got mine today and love it! awesome job!!  can't wait too see what you guys do next!
omg received mine today. speechless. and the extra added surprised is faboo!
elan, oats, and shane. kittens have exploded in my box... mailbox, that it. thanks!
the kittens have landed, and they're as awesome and explosive as promised. congratulations to elan, matt, shane and their team on a job well done! i laughed out loud upon initially opening the box, and i have a feeling there will be many laughs in ahead each time i play the game! thanks!
tks for the info i just emailed both :)
the following is direct from the ek team:  as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
was thrilled to get my copy of exploding kittens. was not so thrilled that the deluxe box with the magnetic latch was damaged in transit. the upper right of the front hinge has a serious crack along the front, as well as a sizable dent, telling me that the blackbox people weren't quite prepared for the occasional drop by the usps. it's a shame, as the box otherwise is quite impressive. and i shared the surprise of other commenters that the shipping box was not sealed. i would have thought you guys could have afforded some strapping tape.
hi all! received my kittens today. all in find shape and none exploded (will save that for later). the surprise was a real hoot, or rather a purr-fect welcome! thanks for a great ks product and experience!
got my box today!! still laughing!! love the surprise. first time i have gotten a personalized receipt like that, too. i can't wait to get playing!! thanks!!!!!!
got my package today.  everything is awesome.  however, the "surprise" freaks my dog out.  like seriously.
my sets have arrived in st. louis, i'm happy and all is good with the world -- except for the fact that i am almost paralyzed from applying a new coat of sealer to my deck.  sore and unable to move, but i can grin at exploding kittens, right?
shipping box not taped shut either but contents looked okay. can't get the "meow" function to work, though
i got my kittens today but they were for the wrong person, and i did not get a nsfw deck, i got 2 regular decks... excited and yet still a little bummed, really wanted the nsfw deck.
just got my box today and while it was not taped shut the contents are complete with no issues. the meow startled my cat though! great game and so easy to learn. bombs away!
... yes, my golden retrievers jumped with i opened it.
box arrived today. not taped shut. everything worked perfectly. wow - nsfw is an understatement - should be fnsfw and the first "f" rhymes with ducking.
got both my reg decks and my nsfw decks just fine. meow suprised me.  big blue box was taped, all boxes and decks in mint condition. 10/10 would back again.
i love this package! my box was taped, so no problems there. my "special thingie" didn't activate at first, so i turned on the light (it was a little dark, and pulled it out. the little sensor has to be lined up with the eye. you can also test by removing and putting your finger of the sensor, then remove your finger. anyway, my cat totally freaked each time he heard it. he just wanted to ward off the evil beast.
my package arrived today too, but the surprise was broken... i took out the chip to see what was wrong, and it didn't activate, even in direct sunlight. otherwise, everything looks perfect!
we have been discussing that all afternoon.
my kittens arrived yesterday (collected from the post office today)... played the first couple of games, and it was awesome as expected.  good job guys ! one issue though. the jiffy bag they were shipped in was damaged.  torn right through the bubble wrap into the package. thankfully the contents was completely fine.  just worth noting that they might benefit from a little extra packaging in the future.
@mike, scroll down.  none of our shipping boxes were taps shut
was i the only one who received a blue box that had not been taped shut?
@lord zombitten: thanks for letting me know about the surprise.  yay! i'm all set.  everything's purr-fect.
he definitely got that right, @lz
i remember oats doing a comic about that. it was called "why i'd rather be punched in the testicles than call customer service"
this is much more entertaining than what i'm doing right now, which is being transferred multiple times between samsung support reps trying to get my windows tablet to boot.  i am now talking to my fifth representative.
lol @saintwacko!
i love this. i opened the box, and when tacocat meowed, my cat looked really confused for a moment, then meowed back and started looking for the cat!
good that you got it all, edward
edward, do you mean that you didn't get the regular deck, just the nsfw deck?
nevermind, i'm an idiot. everything is awesome, and my cat clawed my ankles for being a dumbass.
just got it. haven't fully opened it yet, but the extras tossed in the shipping box is pretty sweet. my gaming group is looking forward to watch the unsealing of this masterpiece tonight! thanks guys!
got my package today, everything looks great, and i love the surprise! haowever, i have to say that i am upset that neither the blue box from blackbox, nor the standard ek game were actually sealed. don't notice anything missing, but would have preferred the package to have been sealed. still, no harm done, and i can't wait to play!
a) i'm pumped and really excited to play this. b) love the boxes, good stuff ek team! c) slightly sad because it looks like 1 of the batteries in my secret exploded and broke the solder around the battery latch... my taco cat will be mute until i hunt down a soldering gun and get a new battery.
i got my decks in a blue box that was untaped, but no red box nor the surprise.  a bit bummed about this. :(
ohmygod the surprise made my day. freaked out my dog. well done, all around. now to play....
also from ek team: if you see people having issues with the secret surprise, you can tell them "tacocat likes the sun. try opening your box where it is brighter, and see if that fixes things. ;)" for most people, that does the trick!
the following is direct from the ek team: as always, people can reach out to us via support@explodingkittens.com. the more clear the subject line of the email, the easier it is to resolve the issue quickly. if the issues are related to shipping/fulfillment (wrong address, wrong/incomplete order, wrong packing slip, etc.) backers can get more immediate help by reaching out to our fulfillment help team directly: explodingkittens@support.blackbox.cool
*quickly drunken phone again
boom!! exploding kittens all around!!  it was quite a ride until this point!! still amazed at how they were able to get this to us this quuckly.
@zem: of course i did!
@korey, email blackbox and contact the exploding kirrend team via the "contact us" button on explodingkittens.com
i was very happy to find a box of kittens on my front porch this morning!
@gary: spoiler alert! if you haven't received your kittens, do not read this comment! the surprise is behind the taco cat. if you look at its eyes, you should see something behind them. behind the right eye is a photosensor. when you open the box, the sensor should "see" the light and cause the taco cat to meow. that's the surprise.
got mine today. top notch all the way around. thank you for a great experience. can't wait to play. the nsfw deck is hilarious.
i just got my package in the mail today and the outside of the box on the right side of the box was crushed and so was the box inside was damaged there is a red stamp on the package that said it was damaged in the shipping process.  help what am i suppose to do.
ok, i just opened mine, and i have to say, the entire packaging is just top notch guys. i haven't even had a chance to play yet, but i wanted to leave this comment because the time and effort it took to personalize every order must have been monumental. it's that little bit extra that earns mine, and i'm betting many other loyalty. keep up the fantastic work. i hope blackbox lives up to and maintains the same standards, because if it does, it'll be a huge success. i am definitely willing to give it a try because of that little extra you guys put into the presentation. keep up the great work!
@lord zombitten: just a follow-up:  my blue box wasn't sealed nor taped, and there was no surprise inside the red box (i'm not even sure what the surprise was supposed to be).  everything else was fine though.
over 7 months of waiting are finally all made worthwhile!
hah, lz changed his picture to the official zombie cat!
woo hoo!!!!  let the games begin in the northwest suburbs of chicago!!!!!!!  huzzzaaaa!!!!
haven't had a chance to play a full game yet, but i love it! love the decks and stuff and surprise and everything!
got to play a couple of 6 player games at my gaming club today.  there are no words for how fantastic this game is. so simple to learn, but lots of tactical play as well. and it's hilarious (and has goats). definitely worth the purchase. well done guys. :)
okay emailed them, lets see when i hear back.
@chameleon:  huzzah!
it arrived, and the surprise works.  let the exploding begin!
akash, go to www.explodingkittens.com and click on "contact us" at the bottom of the page
@lord zombitten: looks like i'm supposed to contact you? could you check if i'm on your list of shipping?
never mind one is just broken �
spoiler* i'm confused on the surprise. what is it supposed to do?
hey guys, i didn't receive any emails through this campaign even though i have signed up for email notifications. also i haven't received any email for confirmation of shipping. do you know whom should i contact?
my suprise arrived broken :c
@gary: i'm glad you got everything you were supposed to. you're welcome! i'm only here to help! ...and to laugh at funny comments and generally have a good time. but mostly to help.
@lord zombitten: it appears i'm okay (i was expecting a bigger box to hold everything that was in the blue box.  i just re-checked what was sent.  the nsfw was packaged in a black box.  i do have the red box for the ek deck. and it's got the metal hinge, etc.  apologies for the oversight.  and thanks for following up!
came early yay!
got my copy of the game. the surprise was very cute.  :) took about 3 minutes to teach my kids and about 10 minutes to finish the first game. lots of fun was had. (i'll look at the nsfw deck a bit later)
@gary so are you saying your regular deck didn't come in any box at all (other than the blue box)?
i crossed my fingers opening the not-sealed box, but all was beyond good
tracking number predicted my copy would arrive in 3 days on tuesday....nope!...it arrived today! i'm so happy i could explode! already played with kiddo; already had fun!
@lord zombitten: i have no idea.  i filled out the survey, pledged $35, got the full 2 decks in a small blue box labeled "shipped with blackbox".  so either there's another package on the way or some done messed up.  not sure how to get this resolved.
i am so glad i got two sets of cards!  now i get to decide whether to keep one set mib or decide who will be getting an awesome gift.
i got an empty blue box, it wasn't sealed so... i'm not sure what happened there? from looking at the comments it looks like other peoples boxes weren't sealed either. i'm sure it will get made right but... bummer dudes, i was looking forward to playing this weekend.
thanks, cb! i figured it was appropriate, considering i'm pretty sure i was the inspiration for it.
@lz, i like your new zombie kitten avatar.  it's so appropriate that you chose that card.
i agree about the possibility of theft.  the tracking said, "out for delivery" when i went out for lunch and when i got back, the box was behind a bush, clearly marked "exploding kittens" and totally unsealed.
also, cheetah butt, there are no hairy boob dragons. but that's okay because there are zombie cats
cb, i noticed some differences in the cards, as well. the final rules are almost identical to the last set of playtest rules we got
gary, how did you get the standard deck without getting the red box it comes in or the surprise that is attached the red box in which the standard deck comes?
looks like some of the cards are new.  it'll be fun to see what's different between the play test deck and the final version.
i received the nsfw and regular deck.  shipped fine from blackbox.  i didn't receive the red box nor the surprise however.  kinda bummed; did anyone else have this problem?
mine arrived in the afternoon mail a few minutes ago, every thing looks great!. on a side note, the shipper did not seal the outer shipping box! come on, seriously?!?!
got my box today. the packaging was done really well!
same here not to happy to see my box wasn't sealed. luckily nothing is missing. besides that everything looks amazing.
i just got it!!! yayyyy!!!! super excited to play!
i walked in from work, checked my mail, and out of the blue(box) came many, many explosions! outstanding!
got mine an hour ago, played 2 whole games and loved it. this game is going to be talk of my college when i head there in a few weeks.
got mine today! eventhough i wasnt too happy about the box not being sealed everything was in order and looks great!!
@lord zombitten. i understand!
are you kidding me? mine is at the post office just sitting there. my tracking says it's here. :(
@remiam  i completely agree. i didn't mean to imply that the concern over being mistaken for a terrorist package wasn't legit; i only wanted to add that the possibility of theft was also present.
@lord zombitten the words written on the package were "look, don't know what ya'll got going on, but be careful."  more thought should have been put in to the packaging is all i am saying.
i just received mine. thank you!
mine arrived today. overall things seem ok. cards felt a little thin (but i'm not sure of the cardstock thickness they chose). but i did have a damaged nsfw exploding kitten card, the back has a white mark across is so it's kinda obvious what card is on top of the deck.
was not expecting to open my door this morn to find a gift from above. cannot wait to explode some kittens today! absolutely love the personalized thank you. thanks!!
i just got mine as well. i wasn't expecting it to arrive quite this quick but i am super pleased it did! the packing slip was a nice touch, but count me among the folks who received a box that wasn't taped.
@remiam i alsi thought of the possibility of theft when i saw that the contents were printed on the side. i'm glad my wife was home to bring it into the house as soon as it arrived. people steal packages too much as it is, without knowing what's inside. if you tell them what's inside, they can make an informed decesion; which, in this case, increases the chances of theft.
got it. commence exploding kittens!!!
well, i've waited long enough to post this.  after seeing on twitter one of the backers stating a written warning about opening the package, shipping a box with the words "exploding kittens" on the outside is the most idiotic thing you @creator could led have done.  you obviously don't realize that the present us regime and it's puppet regimes (uk, australia, new zealand, germany, sweden) are looking for anything to associate an individual with terrorism.  and wording can and will be used against you.  these should have been placed in another bland box, period.
got mine but i didn't get a personalized packing slip :( i am definitely not stephen jez
got it and played through a game; fantastic! thank you, oatmeal.  i hope you make expansion packs a la cards against humanity-style
i'm surprised some people got boxes that weren't taped shut. mine was
the kittens are home.
btw, was the cost of packing tape not included in the budget?  i was very surprised to find that the shipping box was completely unsealed. not cool blackbox. i wouldn't be surprised if a number of people didn't receive some or all of their cards because of it.
got mine about 30 minutes ago. looks great, nice surprise in the box. i love the customized packing slip too!
received mine today. my dogs were very displeased with the surprise. i'll have to filter out some of the nsfw cards to play with my teens; they may already know everything, but they don't actually need to know *everything* just yet.
got it today. love the secret surprise and the packing slip.
my kittens are here my kittens are here my kittens are here my kittens are here!
just unopened my kittens and played our first game. lot of fun!
just received my decks today! totally awesome and the secret surprise is killer!!!
yes, zem, that thing is the zombie cat. i'm also pretty sure i was the inspiration for it. it makes me feel all warm and fluffy
so good not to have to worry about spoilers anymore! i'm reading the back-log of the several days' worth of comments i avoided!
is that the surprise?! (no spoiler, but idea maybe?) at first i was disappointed for some reason, but the more [insert rest of sentence here to avoid any hope of a spoiler] the better it gets! lz, is that thing on the nsfw the zombie cat? yeah, that is awesome! i think you are the inspiration for it, so congrats on making it to the official game!
oh shit, it was in the mail this whole time! im stupid.
i was gonna take a nap, but then found out it was so close and knew it would be useless. and the fact that we just found out we have to leave asap.
and lz, i've been only reading kc comments and the ones that come up when i hit the refresh and my eye touches them and instantly reads 2/3+ before i can pull away. thankfully no spoilers yet, but for one person, before they arrived at all this week, said what he hoped it would be and by the non-spoiling things i've read, it may be it. i kept the conjecture from my brother though, and i wouldn't be sad if it was that, but we shall see.
well now you mentioned it's there, lz. oh well. just sad because we found out we may have to leave soon  before it gets here.
so people got there cards today too bad i cant play it until the 4th but i shall be patient
got it today and let me say (no spoilers) that the surprise seriously almost made me bust a gut and put a huge smile on my face.  you guys ran an amazing ks and all others should look to this for an example of how to do it right.  great job, you have a customer for life.
well, be sure to avoid the spoilers here. there's something on the back of the nsfw box that would have been an even better surprise for me if someone else hadn't mentioned it before i saw it myself
got mine just now, so stoked to play it later
it's ok my kittens went from indiana to kansas....i'm in iowa....almost went through my state to make it there. ......
that sucks
you won't be last david, i haven't gotten any notification yet :(
i'm going to be the last one to get it......noooooooo
mine got pushed back.... now it's wed....wtf.....nooooo
be sure not to read down at all. there are some really detailed spoilers down there
extra huzzah!
yup! now to be at home most of the day sitting in a dark closet holding a cross to ward off spoilers. mine's supposed to arrive tuesday. no, shit! it got moved up, just checked! it's out for delivery already, so should be here about noon-ish with the mail!!!!!!!!!!
@zem huzzah!
yay for storms! we actually got done early today instead of waiting for 2 hours on the bus and then going back in.
got mine today. surprise not working :( but not why i got the game. can't wait to play tonight!!
so my box of exploding kittens arrived yesterday. great game. it is very fun. unfortunately when i sleeved the cards, i was only able to fit a single deck in the cool exploding kittens box with the magnetic lid.
so much for expected delivery date of july
arrived today in minnesota, awesome!
hi, my shipping box was damaged and was missing the exploding kittens deck. how do i get a new one shipped out? thanks.
sweet, arrived today!  can't wait to play.
wow that was fast!!! time to blow up some felines!
arrived here freaked the real feline in da house and another thanks for using uk based distribution thoughtful cheers
@eric - yeah, my box just had a little tuck slip to keep it shut. anyone could've opened it, easily.
wish blackbox had sealed the package, seems to have opened during shipping. :(
ok. in my professional opinion you lot need extensive therapy. what on earth wrong with you? crack smoking owls and toilet werewolf.  seriously disturbed.  thanks and good luck for the future.
mine arrived yesterday! great game. the nsfw version is a little over the top for my tastes but love the base game.  i picked out about 20 cards from the nsfw version which i will include in the base game.  the other cards will stay in the box. :)
so i wasn't expecting to start exploding until september. but they arrived in my home in the uk today. just in time for my epic bbq party. thank you guys. job well done.
thank you!!!!! wow, these cards, this game is awesome and so much fun, my family loves it:) the only thing i would have done differently is change the color of the back of the nsfw deck so it could be better differentiated from the normal deck. oh and thank you for the surprise...shhh, the secret is safe with me;)
uk here! i exploded with delight! thank you guys for the awesomeness of this kickstarter!
received my cards today
lots more kittens left in the uk - lots of thanks for arranging them to be posted from a uk warehouse. love the packing note :-)
kittens exploded through my door in uk yesterday, very happy. thanks a million.
received the game in uk on the last day of july. amazing! best kickstarter yet. love the box, love the "surprise", loved the personalised comic, love the game. you deserve every bit of profit you've made. great job, thank you.
how can i change my shipping address?
my copy arrived this morning! thank you so much exploding kitten people. the thank you comic/letter was an incredible touch that just made me so happy to read.
got an email at 12.30am to say my kittens was sent to the delivery company and if i had not got it by september 18th to get in contact. my door rang at 10.30 with the delivery company giving me my game :-) this was a great ks and super efficient. hats off to the creators and team for pulling this off.
got mine today. i also noticed that the "surprise" wasn't working for me but i was able to quickly fix it. - carefully open the "surprise" from where it is located. do it carefully since you don't wanna ruin the flaps - take out the plastic tray. - make sure that the batteries are correctly inserted and that the electronic circuit board is mounted snugly in the plastic tray. the circuit board on mine was somehow not mounted properly and one of the batteries where not fully inserted. take note of that little circle thingamagiggy with a swirly thing in the center. its the light sensor. now place it back in its little box with the open tray facing you and the electronic portion on the bottom. - now remember that little circle thingamagiggy? make sure that the majority of it is showing out of the right eye of taco cat. if it is mounted correctly, it should be showing just fine. whalla! fixed. and yes, you need some decent lighting for it to work. hope that helps.
like how good. do i have to shove it into the light to activate it? i, dying to know what i didn't get to enjoy for a second. haha
i got mine today and the surprise needs good lighting to work i find.
my surprise never worked. can anyone describe it or show me video.
amazing that these arrived so fast. very nicely done and they are beautiful. so pleased to have been a part of this amazing kickstarter. nice to be part of history
love it and the surprise, thanks!
haven't gotten mine yet t___t
me and some friends played tonight and totally loved the game. thank you for the amazing game!
got mine and tesla vs edison on the morning of game-board night loved it  very awesome game    sleeves don't fix in box :(  lol only complaint  (i know)
stop talking about the surprise!
btw my box stopped meowing. not complaining, just fyi.
just got it. i agree with george l. perez... love the packaging and extras! can't wait to play it tomorrow! you went above and beyond. i'll back anything you do in the future!
got mine in july. great job. love the sheet with my name and address with the kitty coming to get me. beyond my expectations. hope another quality product comes from you guys. thank you!
it might be for automated packaging/shipping purposes
@james, lz is right. it's right on the kickstarter page still. the nsfw deck is exclusive. i just don't know why it would need its own box, and a barcode if that was truly the case.
anyway ... i'll be back when i get my kittens i'm pushing my luck as it is....
@lz yah i'm trying to get her into board games ... many some kittens will away her...she likes games like cards against humanity...so maby
hellguin, the nsfw deck was listed as ks exclusive
my wife is similar, but she enjoys board games. she tried d&d, but didn't care for it at all
the nsfw deck was never listed as kickstarter exclusive, we just unlocked it/turned it into a standalone game.
i did get her to play an few hours of dnd once.....but that's about it...
@lz lol she does not understand my obsession with games ....... i have tried and failed to bring her to the nerdy side ....
@lz send some my way.....
doc, that's when you say, "other people have theirs already! that's why it matters!"
i just churned up some honey butter, just to see if honey would interfere with the cream turning to butter. it didn't interfere. it's tastey
wife: you have waited this long what does it matter if you have to wait another few days before they arrive ? doc: .... arrive??? are they here?? ohh ...i mean.... it just does.........are they here yet?
congrats lz.  ...... still waiting ......so close i can almost smell the explosions...
yeah! got mine too! anyone else wondering why there is a barcode on the back of the nsfw box? these were a kickstarter exclusive weren't they?
the game has arrived, woohoo! thanks to everyone, creator and backers alike.
unfortunatly the suprise no longer works, it lasted for a sad amount of time (what can you expect from china. i enjoyed it for the time it worked, just wish my friends could have been there for it.
arrived today! - so july delivery as promised :)
zem, it's actually a zombie cat card, but i'm taking credit. and it's okay if i'm not in the expansion; my nope can still be in it
just reporting from nz that my package arrived this morning. very impressed with box and the surprise. can't wait to check the game out with flatmates.
lz, there's really a zombitten card?! congrats! but that leaves you out of the kc expansion deck.
the nsfw rules are the same as the standard rules, though; except for the nsfw rules have a pair of zombittens.
just got my game! that was super quickly shipped! i love the box, complete with kitty litter. my only complaint is that the nsfw directions do not fit in the special box, even though the cards do.
woot! just won our first ever round of exploding kittens!
i'm not seeing the surprise.
got my kitties today.  now i just need to read the instructions and get a game going.  awesome.
i haven't gotten any emails or notifications...
it arrived today! thank you!
i got mine in the mail today!  game tonight, yusssssss!
the kittens have landed, i repeat, the kittens have landed.
just got mine. perfectly timed for my wife's birthday today. can't wait to play.
well, finally got the confirmation date(or at least, expected date of boom as i will now refer to it). aug 7....a whole week before i get them from across the country, i doubt it will be that long.
hairy boob dragons....
got mine in july :)
son of a b**** they got here in july
received here in the uk. my delivery note is awesome... but then i seen other people got theirs in colour. mine is in black and white. sad times. do i expect too much now?!?
awww yeah shipping from an australian distor well done guys now i dont have to wait two weeks for it <3
dean, catz, john dean
at john dead take the box into a brightly lit room.  then open the box again.
boob wizards, james, boob wizards
wait. something's missing! where is it!? noooooo!
got an email saying it was mailed, got it the next day. how did you do that?
john, don't tear anything
what is the surprise supposed to be?  i see hollow eyes on the right side of the cover and something that's back there - are we supposed to rip it open to get at something?  i don't want to damage it out of ignorance... loved the delivery note though, my 11 year old thought that was as good as the game.  and we enjoyed the game too.  i'll have to wait for him to go to sleep then i can check out my nsfw deck. :)
mine arrived today, slight damage to the box from transit, but the cards and game are brilliant, even enjoyed the delivery note :) probably the best result from any of my backed kickstarters so far. well done!
got mine today....the surprise does nothing tho :( .....still cool tho
i was away from home overnight, so the kittens were in my hands before i knew what was happening. the surprise really was a surprise, and the personalised delivery note was delightful. this was far from my first kickstarter, but it is probably the best { by a nose :) ].
got mine today.  awesome sauce!
i came back home today from work to find some kittens exploded on my doorstep! started my new job this week and ending it with such an amazing surprise... i love it! best week ever... almost topping when my kid was born!
i especially love the zombie
i remember someone way back in the beginning complaining about the box before they even saw it. that person is probably eating his words now. the box is great. the cards are great. the surprise (which didn't surprise me) is great. everything's great!
i don't get how people across the nation are getting there's when i'm not that far from where they originated, and i am supposed to get mine next week. ouch.
mine arrived in ontario today. excellent end product and a perfectly run kickstarter. :)
there are a few sites with "unboxing" articles, for those who refuse to wait and want to know now.
part of the game?  the zombie kitten is on the back of the box for the nsfw packaging.
home now. it's... *sniff* it's beautiful. the zombitten is even on the box! i'm so happy!
are you kidding? zombittens are in the game?!
received my package, loved the personalized packing list and the surprise. and yes the nsfw is very nsfw
gd autocorrect! lola = lolz!
tracking email this morning and parcel this evening! wasn't expecting that! can't wait to play but not seeing anyone until sunday... oh well back to staring at awesomeness! thanks!
@lz, kudos on that bro! lola! that too awesome!
zem, i know. so have i
wait, what? zombittens made their way into the game?
lz, i've been pushing for a corps expansion deck for months now!
...for the card...not from the card......my typing just went full dumb dumb.
(also, so happy ek used that zombie kitten picture from the card.  loved that photo immediately when inman released that page of test doodles as a teaser!
can anyone tell me if a "fruitcake shield" made it into the cards? i'm being neurotic and just looking at the deck of cards without breaking it's beautiful cellophane wrapping.  so shiny and smooth!!!
@corps members here awhile ago, replying to doc: yeah, i'm doing the same. i've been safe so far! really hard for me of all people to cut back here, but so worth it if i can keep it a secret till tuesday.
it needs to be kc themed!
"an expansion pack is on the way, and after that the team will consider the next steps." yes, ek already has an expansion pack planned!!!!!!!!!
i highly recommend everyone reads the cnn article.  gives great final insight into everything the guys put into this project.
http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/30/world/exploding-kittens-market/ http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/comic-riffs/wp/2015/07/30/exploding-kittens-most-backed-kickstarter-project-ever-kicks-off-huge-distribution/ news articles from yesterday about the game.
also, @ great cane. if the rules lawyers knew anything about contractual law, they would have realized that once it's postmarked it's "legally received".  it could have taken 14 business days to arrive, but since it was shipped within july there'd be no grounds for complaints.  (intro to law 101....literally, it's a whole chapter.) whacha gonna do though.  complainers gonna complain. this was my first kickstarter and it was flawless.  ek basically set the template for how to run a project.
@ great cane of doom full sets with the special kickstarter only box are going for $140 on ebay as "buy it now" prices.  one guy has his signed set up for sale, for i think $500 to start?
@madjo -- you'll note i directed my "up yours" comment at 'all the complainers' -- there were a number of whiners and rules lawyers yesterday who thought since they were shipping on the 30th, none would arrive until the 2nd or 3rd of august -- thus slipping their deadline. i actually got my notification that mine had shipped almost 15 hours after they had actually shipped.
every card is pure gold...thank you for an epic project :)
got the mail, no kittens. :( i know they are at my local post office. grrrr.... fedex should have just delivered it themselves instead of handing it off the the usps. i know they deliver around here. damn you, fedex!
got it. love it. blew up. thank you.
@bill reese. no you're not the only one. i haven't received a thing yet. @jeff saxton thanks for the kind gesture.
got mine.  tracking email came this morning, and it was already in the mailbox when i got home.  love it!  wishing i ordered more than i copy!
and btw, enough folks are saying they got theirs already, so "up yours" to all the complainers who were saying that they missed their july delivery deadline!!
i just got mine today. thank you. i only got the tracking email yesterday and when i got home from work, it was waiting for me. :)
@gcod, saddest thing is, some poor sap will actually give said a-hole the $75...
kind of getting worried here.  everyone is posting about how they received theirs already and i have yet to even get a shipping notice yet.  anyone else still waiting on shipping notification?
@gm, if it is home and waiting for me, i'm going to make up some bs secret surprise and spam the sh*t out of the comment section! (not really though)
some a-hole over on bgg already posted what the "surprise" is .. and is selling the nsfw set for $75. a-holes!
@doc, run!  there are revealers everywhere!  the secret is not safe!  repeat, the secret is not safe! (nor a secret anymore.. :( )
@doc: good luck, i was trying to do the same, ruined surprise for me. -.-
i can't stay away.....so i'm only reading comments from corps members .....
my kittens came today.  i saw that the post office had it at 7am. i got home at 4pm and it wasn't there.  my wife came home at 5:30 and said there were boxes on the front porch.  yippie it was the kittens.  i love the packing slip and the secret prize.  thank you kittens..
just got mine! (toronto, on).  an awesome and popular kickstarter that met its deadline? inconceivable!
it's here.  and in july too.  first ks to actually deliver what they set out to do in my experience.
omg - received today, one day ahead of the delivery estimate... and it's glorious!  lots of frolicking in the tummy hair of kittens, followed by exploding heads!  everyone has lots to look forward too!
possibly, could even be at your place right now maybe. mine says expedited, so it could arrive monday. since the holiday is only an alberta one, not federal.
@gm. weird.  mine showed as being shipped from the t. on wednesday night, maybe if i'm lucky i'll see it tuesday?
@bakhan: and only now does it say that the electronic information submitted by shipper...at 5pm toronto time
@lz, congrats!  enjoy the "surprise"....
mrs lz says my kittehs are waiting for me! i want to go home. stupid work! always getting in the way#
tracking number!!   wait..   delevery monday.  mummble mumble.  gonna be a long weekend.......
@gm, weird, i don't know why all the ab ones didn't ship at the same time... grumble grumble, canada post, grumble...
recieved mine today....well done on the smoothest kickstarter that i for one have ever experienced! :-)
and it loads the page, the litthe bar with accepted at one end, and delivered at the other, doesn't show. the arrow is before accepted even.
mine just came in this morning.  got my shipping notice last night!!  3 rounds of play kids all loved it.  nopes!!!!!! abounded.  great last round i had 3 diffuse cards and there was 1 card in draw pile.  we went back and forth with skips and diffuse, in the end 3 diffuses beat the 2 skip cards!!  great fun!!
@bakhan: haven't checked it in a while, but it wasn't working this morning. could just be a wrong digit somewhere in it. i could try again.
received my exploding kittens today. can't wait to play it later tonight! also the personalized note was an awesome touch! great job exploding kitten team!
@gm, is your tracking working yet?
@bakhan: oh, i definitely expected it. they should have thrown something in the email, or packing slip, that states "stay the f**** off the comments if you are going to talk about the surprise until aug xx", highlighted, in size 20 font. even then, people would have spoiled it for everyone that actually comes here to make their day more enjoyable.
@gm, that resembles a post i deleted a couple of hours ago.  it was inevitable, people just dgaf and sadly we all should have expected it.  someone gave it away yesterday and i saw it before i could avoid it.  thanks for all the consideration folks!
loved the personalized touch, and played a nice 2 player game with my roommate, just need to get a good 5+ player game going now.
got my notification last night. saw it went from reno, where i live, to sacramento. was bummed. followed tracking just now, and saw it had wandered back, like lost kittens do, and is currently out for delivery! huzzah! thanks for meeting the july date! this kickstarter was awesome to be a part of.
my package arrived today...the box wasn't ticking so once i was sure it wouldn't explode (yet) i carefully opened it!  personalized note a very cool touch!  can't wait to try the game later for some kitten detonation carnage!
...love how most people don't give a flying rats ass that over half the people haven't gotten their packages, and don't bother waiting at least a few weeks before stating anything about the surprise...guess the real surprise was people not even bothering to keep it a secret until the vast majority of people got it.
i can definitely confirm the surprise is light activated and not motion. just used my iphone torch and shined it in the kitty's eye. that kitty exploded with quite the miaow!
got it. love it.
nellie ruiz, bring it into brighter light.
i've found that the surprise seems to be light-based.  when i opened the box under dim light it did not happen.  in bright light, it does.
when i opened my box, the "surprise" didn't happen. i tried the second set that i bought, and nothing happened again. i guess my kittens were doa :( did anyone else have this problem?
go it - went to the po so it could be delivered to me in july.... since it was going to show up tomorrow which is august...  and my cat loves the "surprise".. well one of them does - but she's the smarter one :)
got it today...awesome!!! just played a game with my kids and they loved it.
found the surprise while at work, got lots of stares. good job, guys, you got me. also, i have to have a "c/o" line in order to get stuff delivered to my office instead of my pencil box-sized mailbox at home. it made my personalized shipping paper even more strange and humorous.
100% satisfied customer!  thank you for the hard work!
also, never knew taco cats poop tomatoes.  that scooper is going to get goopy fast!
love the personalized thank you sheet that makes me feel like i'm being stalked!  evil kitteh, you'll never get me and my family! never you hear!
i had to open the flap with a needle and remove the thing to figure it out. when i saw the sensor i realized the problem.
haha glen, same time :)
just got my kittens today and was happy with the surprise!!! however i thought this had stopped working but have found out that the sensor is light sensitive and doesn't work in a dimly lit room and not set off by the mechanical opening of the box, so i suggest those that think theirs is broken checks this fist!!!
ohhhh it's light sensitive. guess the room was too dark.
how is the "surprise" supposed to work? i didn't know what it was till i opened the enclosure because it did nothing. it randomly goes off when touching it directly but doesn't react to opening the box......
received mine today.  holy fast shipping catman!  saaaaweet!
i got my kittens today!!!!!! (nc, usa) yes! :)
31st july and got mine delivered today (north yorkshire, uk). awesome!!
did anyone get a tracking notification before they received it? i am hoping it is not lying on my doorstep waiting for someone to steal.
got my exploding kittens package and i didn't even open the actual cards yet and i'm already happy with it. and delivered within the promised time frame, too, what a novel idea!! woo! :)
well what can say your team has run a perfect kickstarter and should be a example of how it should be done and i can't believe you promised and july delivery and must admit i didn't think you make but you did thank you
loved the packing slip/note included.  that simple personalized touch is awesome!  the surprise in the box startled me, lol.  i was not expecting that at all.  i can't wait to play. well done!!!!
sir, i am outraged! you promise delivery in july and then actually get the project delivered to me in july? you communicate well with your backers and even do it in a humorous way? this is not the kind of treatment i have come to expect from a kickstarter project! :p really glad this wasn't my first kickstarter (although it is the first one that i get to tick the 'got it' box for), i may have been filled with unreasonable expectations about all the others. ;) loving having the stuff in my hands, and looking forward to cracking it out at my gaming session tomorrow. thanks again guys, you did good. ;)
awesome! can't believe you delivered so quickly! love it all - awesome production values!  i love you guys. xxxx
got my email notification last night, looks like mine will be delivered in this afternoons mail or tomorrows....
disappointed that the rules for the nsfw edition do not fit in the regular box,
my boxes arrived safely in england today. the first edition box scared me half to death when i opened it! nice touch, guys! the cards looks so professional. everything is so well presented, and the nsfw version gave me several giggles! boob wizard? hilarious!
my tracking number still doesn't work...stupid tracking number...work damn you!
got it!
e-mail yesterday, game today!  this is win!
fantastic box and the delivery note was a great touch. do the cutout cat eyes have a purpose other than for the speaker?
opening the exploding kittens package is gonna be like... https://youtu.be/lrrkkkuatoc
got my boxes today, what amazing customer service, the sets live up to the hype, you guys totally raised the bar for other companies to aim at!
got my kittens today. it lived up to the expectation and the personalized comic is a welcomed surprise.
amazing job guys! as big as this thing got and to still have rewards arriving on time (i got my box today) is a feat of awesome. thanks so much for the great campaign and being a beacon for how projects can go right on here.
@james he is roaming.  you have to spot him.
best kickstarter i've ever dealt with. it may be the 31st of july but i've got my packs, excellent from start to finish. absolute bench mark for all kickstarters. loved the little surprise in the box too. not played it yet, but im sure it will be epic.
d: where at gencon is the tacocat? i have a friend at gencon, i want the card that i am unable to be there for
i found the tacocat at gencon! got my promo card!
i'm so happy right now, this is what i call under promise and over delivery. this kickstarted campaign is the most professional one i have backed so far. committed to the timeline they set with timely updates etc. amazing! kittens are here, pleased by the quality, pleased by the little nice cartoon, and pleased by the surprise! all in all that's money well spent, thanks exploding kittens team!
they're here...
kittens have arrived in nj!
kittens arrived and the special surprise promptly made me grin and the cat run away scared.
lol i just got my kittens game, but the little cartoon was for jordan elison of idaho... not me. oh well, i have a good imagination. hey jordan, if you read this i can send you a letter with your comic if you want, and whoever has mine i live in west valley utah, please mail it to me :)
amazing choice for the delivery company - got an email at 00:50 this morning, and now i've got my kittens. (love the cartoon) looking forward to actually playing it now ^^
i haven't even looked at the cards yet, and it is $35 well spent!  the box, the surprise, the words, all of it is perfect.  i'll probably be too blown away to write another once i take a look at the cards.
got mine southampton uk and so did a friend
that email right before the delivery confirmation had me worried more and more as i read then at the bottom when you said it was still shipping on time i yelled "yeah!!!!!!!!!" in typical csi miami fashion. thank you oatmeal and exploding kittens team, can't wait to play.
i am beyond surprised, pleased, and impressed. and i haven't even gotten my game yet! over 200k backers and the game is shipping on time? are you kidding? that's amazing. the ek team did this right. i hope they share their experience of how they approached what must have been an overwhelming task so other people can learn how it can be done so right. so excited for my game on monday!
i'm so incredibly impressed with how this entire campaign was managed. from promotion to communication with backers to on time delivery. excellent work, folks. you've set the gold standard for a kickstarter experience.
yorkshire uk too
great kickstarter!  absolutely love the packing slip!
yessss. this morning - received email stating my e.k. will be sent out in the next two weeks. later this morning: postman whistles up the path, drops me a parcel - its here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
another delivery here in the uk!
got mine, cambridge england looks great
did anyone receive there package that had no tracking information? i got the email, but when i track the package on canada posts site, it's says they cannot find the tracking number in the system.
@andrew weber  and would we expect anything else from these three? i think not. i am extremly happy with the outcome of my first backed kickstarter.
got mine. ottawa canada! you guys are awesome. looking forward to trying it out at our weekly gaming session next week. i'm with james, i'll be framing my shipping paper! too funny!
wow i haven't seen these many people since... well since the campaign was still running.
i just had my pack of kittens hand delivered with the utmost care, sitting atop the heads of nikola tesla and thomas edison, i would just like to say that the shipping paper is amazing and is going to be framed for my house, and that i look forward to opening the box when my girlfriend gets home to see "the surprise".
i am covered in kitten goo! (ontario, canada)
yeah, i guess you're right. now onto the clicking part...
super excited that my kittens should arrive on tuesday...i just happen to have friends coming over that night, woo!
bakhan makes a good point. i got a chartreux for free after someone abandoned him at 2 weeks old, presumably because of his messed up eye. you all heard of him. he was gir.
the kittens exploded all over my work
the kitten are here! woohoo!!! thanks... t has been a great fun ride! happy dance going on!
mine arrived this morning before i went out. so just now finding out the 3rd parcel in pile was for me and that it was my kittens i was amazed. loving the surprise but also the personal "letter" enclosed too. you guys went above and beyond through the whole process. thanks a million.
ps. just in time for the lan party, we'll take a break to explode some kittens that's for sure!
and the uk delivery is in... july!!!! you rock! got home from work and was greeted by a certain kitten :) love the surprise, what a great idea!! well done for all your hard work and for keeping all your promises! from now on all the kickstarer projects will be judged by an exploding standard! you might have just ruined the rest of kickstarter for me :p again, thank you and i can't wait for your next kickstarter project!
got mine just minutes ago. love the surprise. thank you so much for an awesome campaign. you all delivered what was promised and then some. thumbs up guys.
mine arrived! it is amazing! ... i'll stop shouting now and go kill some kittehs!!!!
the delivery speed was awesome thanks so much! one of my explosion cards arrived with a small white tear on the back which is a bit of a bummer as its technically 'marked' but hey ho, not the end of the world. oh, and damn you and your 'secret surprise'!
so here is what i really appreciate.  well lots of it.  but these guys made out like bandits on kickstarter. so much money.   but they made sure this was a really good experience.  overnight shipping! super high quality!  hiring extra staff.    i love it.   i'm so happy with how no expense was spared, which probably cost them a couple hundred thousand dollars more.  thats pretty cool
i absolutely love the emails about the delivery date and from blackbox lol.  the art is awesome and always gotta laugh.  i got my tracking number just waiting patiently for it.. hope those kittens don't blow up the delivery truck before they get here..
wooohoooo it arrived, i totally didn't expect to have it the day after the announcement. great timing i have people staying the night i can now coerce into playing. i figured the surprise would be something lame instead it is the best gift ever. christmas in july?  thanks!
@idle, how can you put a price tag on life?  if you click with the kitty, thats what matters!  money is only money, it in and of itself is nothing, the things it can help facilitate, such as getting a new fur child, are priceless.  the biggest thing for me on buying an animal of that callibure would be the pedigree, how healthy is the line?
aww i'm reading all these comments that people have their kittens :( i have to wait a few more days. right now they're in minnesota and making the trek to south dakota.
refund needed. i don't want a typo on my card. :| kidding. :d my cards went from an expected delivery on monday to being on the truck for delivery right now.
one of the nsfw nope cards has a grammar issue. you never say "an nice" anything; "a nice" would be correct.
that's a tough one, i/w
damn. i'm in quite a predicament right now... do i pay 1000 euros for a show/breed cat (yeah right), or 600 for the same but spayed? it must be some kitty either way. so, i'm going on a three-hour drive tomorrow to meet her... i have no idea what to do, really. she's a cutie.
you said you'd deliver in july, and so you have. mine arrived this morning :) am i the only person who would really like a hi-res colour version of the packing slip? hell, send me the file and i'll get it printed myself!
omg, just unboxed my kittnes !!!  cannot wait for my wife to get home from work to see who explodes first !
now thats some good organisation, the day after you announce shipping (uk), fastest delivery i've seen here, great work. just got to get playing
thanks for the cards, they are far beyond expectations!  love the surprise (actually startled me) and you even went the extra mile on the packing slip!!  the exploding kittens team rocks!!!  exclamation mark!!!!
glad to hear it, bakhan. i'm not too far behind. i should be hearing news about a possible promotion today. ah, crap! i have to be at work in three minutes, and i'm still here!
didn't get an email from blackbox saying it had shipped... but that just made the surprise when my kittens (itching to explode) arrived this morning (uk) :) very cool surprise, certainly got the attention of those around me in my office... shortly afterwards i exploded after a wayward kitten was drawn. excellent timing, off to a lan with friends this evening... these kitties are coming with!
@lz, damn, you feel old? i graduated 22 years ago!  but, i have accepted the fact that this age thing is a losing proposition.  the upside? i own a house and only have a small mortgage left, i own a new car, outright, got a decent job with senority...  life is far from over and its been pretty damn good to me so far, all things considered.
my kittens arrived today and i love the surprise and the packing slip! :)
my kittens arrived safely through royal mail today without a single fatality. the game looks great and a very fun surprise. can't wait to play it. great job.
@gm, i don't know... ;) i'm bringing toffee blondies! in your face cookies!
cookies!? bring them to the 'cue!
i graduated 13 years ago. the bbq plans were set in motion 16 years ago (my sophomore year) maybe it was 15 years ago. either way.
@bakhan: we shall see...i have cookies, so i think i have a step up on you. ;)
@gm, i'm sure it will be in around the same time!  no worries!  oh, and about that throne, there may be an issue there... >;)
just got mine (in the uk) - excellent little surprise!  well done on doing a great job on time - especially as it ended up so much bigger than you expected. cheers jd
@lz: don't worry, my body keeps telling me i'm old, but my brain keeps telling it to stfu...and high school for me was only 10 years ago. i even avoided the stupid reunion that was help in june.
wow, that was 16 years ago! i feel old.
ooooh! gm, you're invited to the bbq, then! when i was in high school, the girl i liked would always read trashy romance novels. i joked with her that she was damning her soul to hell by reading them. she replied that i was doing the same nu listening to my "awful" heavy metal. at that point, we started making plans for a post-damnation bbq. it'll be the talk and envy of hell. all my friends who can make it are invited.
arrived today in the uk, sadly my magnetic box was damaged in the post - is there anything i can do to get a replacement?
my exploding kittens arrived today to the uk :) thank you so much, great presentation & i look forward to playing the game later tonight! also - the "extra" omg. so good. thank you. have my kittens.
should have mentioned, i already have plans for that throne as well.
@lz: don't worry, there is a special place in heaven for people like that. i would have said hell....but i've already got a non-refundable down payment on a lava front property with a view of the throne.
well, since i have at least two functioning brain cells, i can say with confidence that i know exactly what the secret surprise is, despite not having mine yet. thanks, everyone. i'm going to pout in the corner now.
strike my last comment, they did arrive today :) amazing work guys, now time to get those kittens exploding!
@bakhan: lucky you, mine is showing nothing.
plus the secret freeked me out the first time i opened the box.... wasnt expecting that!
my copy turned up in uk today, the quality is amazing. i found the custom cartoon on the invoice most amusing :)
ahhhhh!!!! it says it out for delivery today!!!!! can't wait!! thank you!!!!!
would be great if we could get the pictures used to make the inserts. would make a great wallpaper for my work pc. unfortunately the black and white photocopy is too low quality.
@thomas, my tracking working, it shipped from toronto on the 29th.
@pete, they can't tell you, unless they kill you, so its up to you... ;)
what's the secret surprise? >_>
my "secret surprise" already stopped working :(
amazing! i'm in the uk and it arrived today! so excited for my bf to get home so we can have a game or two :d
is there somebody in canada that have a tracking active in canada post? mine show nothing.
mine arrived earlier along with several other copies other people in the office had ordered! just played a couple of games really fun! thanks! :d
mine just arrived :) unfortunately the super-secret thing has just scared the hell out of our non-exploding cat.
got my kittens blackbox lied that said it would here in two weeks
got my kittens today. unfortunately my super secret thing doesn't seem to work. :(
mine is coming tomorrow and i literally cannot wait i am so freaking excited!!!!!!!
wow now that was fast! update and email from blackbox yesterday. arrived today in sheffield, uk!  love the box and surprise! you guys are awesome!
without wishing to spoil the surprise for anyone, would someone please get in touch with me about the secret extra?
my kittens are here! delightful, cute, burning little bundles of fluff... fire brigade on standby.
arrived today in oxford ,uk. looks good, very nicely done. love the secret extra in the box! thanks!
mine arrived this morning!! so excited to play it :d
@lastof  okay. next week would be awesome! hype! :)
mine is in town being transferred from fedex to usps.  hopefully out for delivery later today.
received my confirmation email....can't wait ... should arrive by tue ...... be back then......
remember to tell all those nah sayer about this kickstarter and how it pretty much delivered what it promised and then some.
@phil royal mail international standard lists 3-5 working days as the shipping time, so assuming they were all shipped out yesterday i'd guess the rest of europe should expect it early next week.
just got here in the uk as well. pre-august. only one of my *cough* kickstarters to achieve everything they set out to do. 11/10 would explode kittens again.
another uk arrival. got the email shortly after midnight last night and thought "well, no chance they will make july. early august is still much better than anything else i've backed in terms of being on time". but here it is today. i've never had a kickstarter deliver on time! if your surprise is "missing" or not, uh, "firing" (difficult to explain without spoiling it) make sure it's "eye" is correctly lined up with the appropriate hole. it wasn't in either of mine (the packaging box was also slightly battered, though the card boxes inside survived fine, packaging worked) so possibly they got shaken out of place. i cut some of the cardboard from my packaging to use in the bottom of it's area so that it can't come out of alignment again. it is in there, there is already cardboard above it to keep it in place, which at first i mistook for something that should have been replaced with it!
@phil i was told i will be waiting two weeks for my kittens( i live in the uk)
anyone in europe outside the uk who got their kittens today? germany is waiting :o
it's here!!! i'm really impressed, you guys did a superb job on this, well done.
uk, mine arrived this morning. still waiting for notification email telling me when they will be arriving. that's modern technology for you.
in the uk. got mine delivered to my work today!!! :d my office all dropped working for a game! its fantastic and my co-workers all want a copy! cheers!
received in the post this morning!
my supprise didnt work :( still love the personalised shipping note
uk here, received my copy this morning :)
also in uk, but no such joy :( looks like its gonna be a two week wait for me
no email no nothing yet :(
*note(s) to self* *i am not here* *i didn't see anything* *i didn't hear anything* *i didn't read anything* *i didn't taste anything... really....*
mines arrived
my beautiful exploding kittens just got delivered today and i burst into tears. joyous tears, for the smile you've placed upon my little face is priceless. i love the personalised 'shipping leaflet', i love the box you never had to make for us, i love the 'surprise' inside the box, i love the brutal simplicity of the instructions leaflet, and i love these bastard little kitten cards. i'll be hoping to blow some up later.
@kyle mine said shipping in next few weeks, arrived at 1000 this morning - awesome! i love that sleeved cards fit perfectly in the box, although only the main deck, not sure where to put my nsfw cards yet.
just concerned because i'm out today so i don't want to miss it and have to go and collect it, i'm too excited for that!!!!!!
email this morning at 02:00ish saying it's going to be dispatched soon - delivered 5 min ago.   woo hoo!   hope you all get yours soon too!
arrived today woop.  epic card game.  been laughing all morning looking through the cards.  my secret surprise is broken though?  was confused about what it was so open the secret compartment up realized what it was.  meh it still god damn epic.
you guys in the uk what did your emails say? mine said shipping soon, did yours?
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!! :) arived in superfast tome in newcastle
wow that was an amazingly quick delivery to the uk. email this morning and here by lunchtime! hats off to you for an amazingly well run kickstarter!
daaaam that was quick. i only got the email from blackbox this morning..... and arrived in the uk no less. nice
also got uk shipping confirmation and my box on the same day! super awesome. little comic on delivery note is excellent as is the super secret surprise! thanks a lot guys.
received shipping confirmation this morning - received the kitty's just now in uk.  bravo
bloody hell, i just received my kittens in the uk.thank you guys. i didn't expect that!  :)
p.s.  i love the delivery note with them lol
good work guys, very nice. very happy in the uk
i haz kittenz!!!  i haz kittenz!!! i haz kittenz!!! and the secret surprise is... ... ... ... ... ... a surprise... : )
thanks so much. the box is in front of me right now, unopened!
uk backer here too, and mine just arrived! i only got the email yesterday, so that was bloody fast! cannot wait to play!!!
uk. kittens just arrived! i loved the surprise in the box, but i first opened it at work, and all looks converged at me! you, guys... :d
i'm in the uk and my kittens just arrived. so so impressed! cannot wait to play with them this weekend �
i'm in the uk and my kittens just arrived. so so impressed! cannot wait to play with them this weekend �
got mine this morning (uk), thank you muchly. can't wait to get home tonight and burn the house down with flaming kittens!! :d :d
uk backer, just received and loved the surprise!!!
wooww what a surprise! scrap the email that says it will take a few weeks! uk backer here. literally just received mine!!
got an email yesterday telling me it will be a few weeks and it arrived today. lovely surprise and great kickstarter
got it today! awesomeness :)
received today, looks great and love the surprise :)
holy crap, that was so unexpected.  incredibly fast delivery, first time i've been 100% happy with a kickstarter project.  so excited to actually play the game!  meow
oh wow i just noticed. even the packing slip is awsome! :)
mines arrived but i have two of the suitable for children versions and not the nsfw version and one of the cats doesnt meow :-(  so yay and booo
i also haz kittenz!  uk backer, very pleased. :)
just got mine west midlands uk. surprise is amazing
ok, lol!!! i take that all back!!! i just opened the box again, and found the surprise!!! why i didn't find it the first time i don't know!
don't worry micah. if yours is anything like mine the 'surprise' will be missing. this is the first time a ks has failed to deliver on something, for me. disappointed. :(
mate just got his 10 miles down the road in hampshire. :-o good job to all the team. \o/
mine just arrived !!!!!!!!!!!! :-) https://twitter.com/vagnerr/status/627045232765468672
just got mine in the uk, northern ireland!
wow, this place is agog with excitement for the first time in ages! and i can't read any of it because of fear of spoilers.
got my decks just now. where is the surprise? :(
just received mine - the dog had a shock when i opened the box!
mine arrived a few minutes ago - they look great, going to have a lot of fun with them! hoping i can round up a few people over lunch to have a couple of games.  well done and thanks for running such a smooth kickstarter!
got mine today too! :d actually a little unnerved by how quickly it turned and the post woman terrified me when she knocked the door.
@justin - reading is fundamental. sincethe beginning of the campaign, including the last update, we were promised that the games would be shipped in july.   and they were.
just received my decks! got such a fright when i opened the box haha :)
couple weeks... so let's say early september. gotta be long.
blackbox mail received, box on its way! considering you got millions (yes i exaggerate, live with it) more backers than expected, not receiving it today is totally forgiven. i´ve backed projects that have made 101% and been delayed by months, and you guys just show how it´s done! boom!
@justin the game is literally out of their hands, they have 0 control over how fast fedex moves, they said they have shipped, be happy a day or 2 over july wont kill you, at least you are not waiting 2-3 months because of hang ups and delays.
fantastic. you guys make a big grand post bragging about how it will be here this month http://prntscr.com/7z4y3a nope. if you make grand announcements and get peoples hopes up, follow through.
@ibnu: yup.. gotta remember.. it has to ship overseas, then go through whatever 'sitting in a warehouse for inspection' process... gotta hate international shipping delays no? :( @john 'collar stay' kelly: that's not surprising bypassing your city.... i live near salem oregon, and mine will go from reno to likely northern washington up around seattle for the 'postal center' switch before going back down to portland, then to salem... just adds a couple days...
same for me as for you ibnu, mine will be shipped "in the next couple of weeks". i live in france. maybe they are shipping to us backers first, and then they'll send to europe.
blackbox says  mine will be shipped in the next couple of weeks. and to contact them if i don’t get it by september 18th? isnt that a bit too much? most of you guys are receiving yours within this/next week. to be fair, i live in the uk, is that maybe the reason why?
*corrections* got my update, got my blackbox e-mail, expected delivery is next wednesday. for south africa, from the usa that is bloody quick. i love it! thank you elan, oatmeal and mr *small!!!! you guys rock!!!!!!!!!!!! i will be dropping off the comments now until i get my package, goodbye for now my little kittens! p.s. if anything is unclear, the update and the blackbox delivery confirmation has all the answers for you! failing that, send an e-mail to support@explodingkittens.com. bye!!!!!!!!!!! yours, exploding with delight and sunshine, - the ex-president (soon to be the exploding-president!) *sorry for missing you mr small, we have not forgotten you and without your help i am sure that the exploding kittens would not have been where it is right now! all hail the creators!
i got a blackbox mail basically telling me my cards will ship in the next two weeks. boo. and as there are already some really stupid people (thanks to zem for saving my virginity) i'm moving to the forum and veeery carefully peeking in here.
got my update, got my blackbox e-mail, expected delivery is next wednesday. for south africa, from the usa that is bloody quick. i love it! thank you elan, oatmeal and mr lee!!!! you guys rock!!!!!!!!!!!! i will be dropping off the comments now until i get my package, goodbye for now my little kittens! p.s. if anything is unclear, the update and the blackbox delivery confirmation has all the answers for you! failing that, send an e-mail to support@explodingkittens.com. bye!!!!!!!!!!! yours, exploding with delight and sunshine, - the ex-president (soon to be the exploding-president!)
morning kittens and corps members!
kittens!!!!!!!
yay! huzzah! cant wait to get my hands on those bloody kittens...!(thats a lot of exclamations)
kittens should be exploding all over calgary by wednesday.  i cannot wait!
once i have my cards in hand, i'll find this more amusing, but... i'm facepalming for fedex right now, looking at the shipping data. it left indiana, went to mississippi... but i live in and the cards are being sent to tennesssee (for those bad with geography, my cards passed me today, on their way to me). expected delivery is monday, although they were here today. i'm just grateful i didn't have to pay extra for shipping. -_-
i'm supposed to get mine aug 5th. whoo hoo!
i've wondered...with all this tracking info...the drivers are still probably not cool with someone stalking them down and taking the packages, even if it saves them a stop. eh?
huzzah, ddd!
my tracking info says my kittens are supposed to be delivered on monday, but they're already in my city now. i think i'll probably get them tomorrow!
i can't see a viable way to pull in stretch goals so close to the end that wouldn't kill it.  but you know...every little bit helps
and the indiegogo project i was helping with got funded...(though there's still about 48 hours left...so, i mean... if anyone wanted to...)
congrats, ddd!!!
well, i've seen some shipping info that suggests my kittens are on their way now. :)
got my email getting it tuesday.......
yes, ddd
know and "love" , know and "love"
is he the same poz we got to know and love there as he was here?
yep, and poz is on another campaign with me.  it's kind of comforting to see his questions there.  good times. good times.
i totally missed that it was poz's comment down there. i saw him a couple days ago, but he was gone before i could strike up a conversation.
yay for creeper!
and hi poz!!!  glad you are happy! ...where is professor f?!?!
i find it ironic that it's shipping from indiana. i bought two copies, one for me and one for my sister, and i live in florida. first week of september i'm going to driving up to my sisters wedding and give her her deck and she happens to live in indiana.
this is like christmas morning but with hairballs and explosive devices!
shipping via fedex to nyc, expected on saturday!  i work saturday morning though.... harrrumph.
mine went from in to wi, bypassing chicago (where i live).  weird.
got my email! huzzah!
oh never mind!
got my shipping email and looks like i might get lucky and have my game in by friday i am so excited
is there any way to update my shipping address?
good to see you poz. glad everything met your satisfaction ;p
and holy sh*t! did i see poz jump in!?!
ah, just like the olden days. :)
that's insane @lexc i'd contact them and ask whats the deal....2 months is over the top...... and i miscalculated they actually sent it yesterday so 6 days.....
5 days? try up to 2 months for me
if you're starting a "cool shipping company that everybody loves" you may want to figure out how to transport something ~200 miles in less than 5+ days........otherwise it's really not that cool nor do i love it.......the thing is 3 hours away and it's going to take 5 days to get here.......just saying so jealous of the people that already got theirs!
got mine! it arrived before the email with the tracking number! :) can't wait to play!
damn i'm jealous. my e-mail says it will be shipped in the next couple of weeks and if i don't have it by september 19th to contact them ... this is going to be a looooooong wait :(
got mine today!! whooooo!!!
robert ashman - mine shipped out of indiana. by the time i got my email, it was already in atlanta. a few hours ago, it left atlanta on it's way to florida.
i got my motice. kittens etc is tomorrow. i think i will camp out at the mail box tonight.
from the email from blackbox - if your address or rewards are wrong, just reply to this email and let us know. if you have any other questions or concerns, please, for the love of god, don’t email us. - blackbox, the company with the slogan: “blackbox: you gotta love that box!™”
to everyone asking if they can change their address: yes. the email from blackbox has information on how to do that.
dear gentlemen and all the awesome people behind the scenes: thank you! thank you! thank you!. you've made this crazy cat lady very, very happy! i'll be looking for more collaborations from you three soon! (p.s. is  it wrong to be in love with an artist who draws such sassy cats? lol!)
mine is on it's way. estimated for monday, but i see a possibility of a saturday.
hrrrm seems that they weren't lying about different fulfillment centers and such.... i saw one person say theirs shipped from indiana, well i just got the notification an hour ago, mine shipped from reno nevada... says tuesday delivery.... :d
i never got anything from you, even when i requested the survey be resent.  can someone please help me?  calstateworker@gmail.com
just got my tracking number!
backer # 145287
the kittens are coming! the kittens are coming! the kittens are coming! fedex for saturday delivery! fedex for saturday delivery! fedex for saturday delivery!
got my email coming here monday
got my email coming here monday
i have no survey please help
you lied to me! you said it was shipping but it was already at my door!??! ready to explode on my unsuspecting household, we were unprepared, there were many causalities...
ty, leave a forwarding address with the post office.
*new email flashes on tab* *le gasp!* could it be?!?! there i was, just sittin here, listening to more of rachmaninoff's piano concerto no. 3 and islamey - an oriental dream comparing the two to give my friend my decision of which is harder (islamey is more complex, but also 1/5 the length and stress of the entire concerto) when i thought, y'know, cane got his email, maybe i shoulda re-checked mine. due to arrive tuesday, but who freaking cares?!?! 1 if by land, 2 if by sea, 3 if by attack chopper, and 4 if by carpet bomber, the kittens are coming!!!!!!
anyone know how i can request shipping to a different address? i know it's super late and i'm probably sol, but if possible i'd like to try.
still no email
well i will be damned, very well done!! the largest crowd funding project of all time and it ships on schedule, no delays. i am eating my words about ever have doubting the ek team.
okay.  i'm outta here until i get mine.  i don't want the surprise spoiled and i can't not read any posts, so i'm done until the box is open before me. see ya'll on the other side.
i have gotten my confirmation :( lucky!
got my email...scheduled for monday...why it's going through indiana,i have no idea.. :)
@diego: yeah, it will probably ship from the same place, but it's coming to calgary for me.
i like creeper's idea of paranoically avoiding all non-corps member comments until my package arrives so as to not spoil the super secret surprise! so far so good, though so sorry to those that lost their surprise virginity by the alleged spoil-flasher below some safe distance now.
by the time, i got the shipping email the package had already arrived in my mailbox.  it was funny how close the blackbox shipping center was to me.  it was less than 15 miles away from me.  to not spoil the surprise for others, anyone know if the surprise only happens once because i opened the box with my sleeping baby right next to me so i shut it quickly.  i am just wondering if i missed out on it or broke it since it is not doing anything with the subsequent openings.
i just got mine in the mail via usps tonight. completely unexpected as i didn't receive any shipping notification. but i'm not complaining! smoothest kickstarter ever.
omg, it shipped! this is madness!
@owen .. i guess it depends on where you live.. my package is shipping from toronto to be delivered in montreal
...that should be all, not al.
@kenneth: when you get the email, read al of it. trust me. @diego: canada post won't give me an estimated delivery day/time.
that would be awesome except i move july 31 so i won't be able to get my package anymore.
canada post rocks.. i got the tracking number today, and it will be delivered tomorrow :)
fedex smartpost. your local mail carrier will be dropping it in your mailbox in the united states.
good news:  got my shipping email. bad news:  fedex shipping. i hope mine doesn't get damaged, they love damaging packages.
i just got my shipping number -- delivery slated for monday -- but the tracking data shows it is already at my local fedex sort center less than 25 miles away after having been shipped from plainfield indiana this morning. maybe if they get busy they'll transfer it to the usps quicker and i'll have it saturday!
just got my shipping confirmation. in transit and slated to arrive on saturday. i am excite.
i haven't gotten my tracking information yet, but can i just say that this has been one of the most well managed, timely and communicative kickstarter i've ever contributed to.  thanks so much, elan, matt and shane for your professionalism and communication with the rest of us.  you guys are all rad and awesome and [insert other appreciative or complimentary verb here] and i can't wait to play the game!
@glen rittenhouse: out of curiosity, what was your backer level? i backed at the $35 level (1 nsfw deck with 1 regular deck) and i'm curious if mine will come packaged separately like yours, or if they'll be packaged together in 1 nsfw deck box... :)
haven't got my email or any package, you say fedex?
i haven't received anything yet, but tomorrow is july 31st. hey, late birthday present for me. :)
well shoot.  no love from blackbox here.  at least not yet.  guess i'll just have t keep playing with the same old beat up deck i got in april.  i want to retire the poor thing, it has been through a lot.
@trinkets: i know right? imagine the fun we could have doing that.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b9jpu65r_7ajehjvluk5qkjqrgm/view…
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b9jpu65r_7ajcxrmykxwugzbtfk/view…
bam! mine arrived! and the secret in the box is guurrrk... [silence]
just got tracking number!
w00t w00t!! just got my shipping email from blackbox!!! time to set up a tent at the mailbox! backer# 37348
i sooooo want to email them
bloody hell, ks! why you make me double post?
still waiting on my e-mail..boooo.  can't wait!
i got my tracking number! more sploders should be here on monday!!
awesomeness,  @chameleon. i just got my email too. all hail the golden calf!  moooooooo!
i got my tracking number! more sploders should be here monday!!
and according to the estimate on the fedex site, i should have mine delivered on sat.  :)
my son received his today!
i just got my shipping email, woohoo!
and everyone whose received the email...if you haven't, you should definitely check the bottom of the email....gave me a laugh.
so, i'm home for not even 5min, and get an email notification....they are on the way! definitely can't wait. :d
"he's a doctor. he can deal with it." -hot fuzz ` i know, house arrest, i love his stuff! too bad it's not all on netflix anymore, i'll have to look around to watch it.
the anticipation .... it's killing me....
+1 for the russel peters reference
thank you so much, aaron, for not ruining the surprise! so people are already receiving them... i signed up pretty late because i'm a stringy-ass penny pincher that, according to russell peters, would make a jew living in india proud. however, i did get my survey in as quick as possible, so there's still hope it'll get here this weekend. at least before like tuesday or something that late. please be before that.
and thank you for not giving away the surprise!
uuhhhhmmmm. it's july, dude
i'm so excited i don't even know what month it is!
you lied to me! you said it would be delivered in july, and here i have my decks and box and it is still june! i don't know what to do now but play the gosh durn game and not give away the secret surprise!
@dtq.  via fed-ex through the usps.  i don't understand how that works, but we are assured it does.
how are the kittens coming? ups?
@house arrest: i hope i get mine soon. would love to be able to get it before next weekend, not that i have anything planned...or a social life...but i want my kitties.
did any of you receive the deck before the blackbox email? i'm so pumped!
congrats on all those who received their tracking number!  it's like you're in labor!  . . .or something...  i dont know.
yeah, trinkets, i think i will indeed as well. oh well, it's only less than a week. it was tough to read down to the last couple comments above his to where lz says he wanted to spam the spoiler into oblivion. i'm definitely cutting back here now out of fear.
got my tracking number can't wait to finally have some kittens of my very own
i got my tracking code! canada post don't let me down!
