got my copy too! it's a beautiful book, both the binding and the content. i've read it several times since it got here. congratulations on a job well done--i'm glad i got to help make it happen.
i got my copy in the mail! it looks amazing. thanks so much. i'm pretty stressed at this time in my life, lets see if i can wind down with a colorful read. :d
wheee! got my copy! it looks fantastic and thank you (to your wife ;)) for wrapping it so carefully. congrats on the wonderful work.
waiting for mine to show up in austin, tx. glad they all shipped.
got my copy today.  the book is gorgeous.
i went to my po box and found remind waiting for me... just finished reading it for the first time (i decided not to read along online once i pledged on the campaign). wow! great stuff! congratulations of putting out a great book!
mine arrived this morning.  all i can say is pretty much perfect and well worth the wait.
tyler, each book is wrapped in a layer of foam so i'm hoping it stays unharmed in the transit.
looks exciting!  if using priority mail  *please* pack them well; usps really beats stuff up and i'd like mine to arrive in good condition!  thanks.
thanks for the update!  glad to hear things are progressing.  sounds like you've got some good help around you.
i am so proud to have been part of this. literally salivating for my copies.
@ dan wearsch - you are right, you deserve to get another one really soon! i plan on having some milestones to report by the end of this week so hold tight and i'll send out and update very soon.
how about an update?
book,...come to me.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
your work is such an inspiration to me. i am buying a coffee table just so i can put this amazing book on it! thank you for your contribution and making the graphic novel world a better place. ;d
congrats jason :d !! i would've funded 500 if i had the money, but i had to settle for $59 lol. too bad all the name slots have been taken :p can't wait till the book gets published!
thanks everyone!
hey jason! can't wait to get my book. beautiful art. and i've been saving the read for when it's all done... ian hannin
congratulations jason! to think that 6000 was far away once, you got over double as much, i'll look forward to seeing the outcome of the graphic novel!
congratulations jason!! i am so excited for you.
congrats, jason! .-)
this may sound strange, but i'm so glad for all your hard work remind. thanks for bringing this book into existence. good luck in whatever you do.
sometimes life doesn't care what you had planned, and you have to deal with it as you can.   *sigh*  hopefully i'll have a chance to order a copy of your book later when you've printed it.  good luck to you and successful ventures!
aurora - sorry to have you go but i totally understand. i'm sure someone will claim the name slot sooner or later.
wanted to say i am very sorry (and sad) for having to back out, but i find i very suddenly need the funds for something else that's really important.  :(  this leaves a name slot open for someone else at the $59 level if they want to quickly claim it.
wow, you have a $500 pledger now, congrats jason but now you get to do a painting lol. and to whoever it is, you are a lucky+rich person to get it :d
jason, i'm extremely excited to see your book in print! i'm glad to see so many others are too.
nida - no, that wasn't my intention but it looks like that's how it's coming across. the new rewards are stand alone and wont affect any of the other awards. the problem is i can't change what any of the other awards say so it's hard to make it clear. maybe i should try to explain it better in the new reward description. thanks for letting me know it's confusing.
hi jason, i backed at the original $59 amount. i'm trying to understand how the new rewards change things. the original $59 says "all of the above and..."  the new $49 says 2 signed copies and a t-shirt. does that mean the original $59 backers get 2 signed copies, a t-shirt and 2 regular copies?
drew johnston - that would be fine with me if you add $20 extra for 2 more books. but...please remind me of this when i'm about to send out everything. it's going to be months from now and i'm sure i'll forget if i don't get a reminder. i appreciate you pledging!
hello!! complicated question:  i am currently pledged at the $39 level which is sold out.  i would like to pledge at the $59 level (and get two more copies of the book) which is also sold out.  i'm guessing these levels are sold out because there is no longer any more room to print peoples name.  however, i already have my spot for my name at the $39 level.  i was wondering if it were at all possible, in my case, to at the $20 to my pledge and get the other two copies of the book since the spot for my name is already reserved. does my question make sense?
sorry i couldn't pledge $500, and all offers over $29 are already sold out - i'm so jealous of those 90 guys. i added a few $ to cover the shipping costs to switzerland, i hope it's enough. say hi to victuals for me, will you?
kimikub - yep, coffee table comics is correct. it should be no problem shipping to australia but i'll let you know if it's way more than i thought. thanks!
hi jason. love your work, can't wait to see the book in its beautiful cloth bound cover! i live in australia so please contact me if you need money to ship here. also is it right that payment goes to "coffee table comics"?
nigel - well, that's kinda hard to pinpoint right now. i have a hard deadline that i've set for myself at getting the book to the printers which is march 1st of 2011. i believe i can get it started sooner than that but that is as late as i can go before i start missing deadlines that i need to hit to keep the grant money. so in other words i need to finish the book by the end of the year to give myself the few months to prepare everything for print once the artwork is all finished. once i start the printing process, i am told by the printer, that it could take up to 3 months for the whole process to happen. it could happen sooner if things go really smooth. soooooooo, with all that said, i could potentially get the books out to everyone in march if things good really smooth and i get to the printer earlier than i expected. but it could take as long as june 1st. but i hope not. i'll be keeping you all updated on more specifics of where i am with each step after the pledge drive closes. thanks again for all the support!!!!
what date will you start sending books out?
i'm' really excited about this book.  congrats for getting your pledged amount and for working on this book for so many years.
haha :d 7k and raising, you should be well on they way affording a booth next year.
as i said before jason, you really do sell yourself short.  with 35 days left, does that at least entitle you to a week’s vacation?
congrats jason on reaching your goal and on the beautiful work. can't wait to see it.
lol i imagine you have your hands full. i will do my best to stay patient :p
congratulations on reaching the goal for the gorgeous cloth binding! take your time with the book, you shouldn't rush such things :)
congrats on reaching your 6k goal!
chad - it all depends on how soon i can get the final pages finished. i also need to get the pin-up art from a few people. finish and test the cover and back cover designs and do a test with the printer i'm using. get bar code's isbn numbers, library of congress number, assemble the extra content in the back of the book as well as other stuff i'm forgetting now. so there's still a lot of things that i need to tackle, most of which i've never done before. learning all this and doing it in my free time, is the main reason for the wait. however, i do believe that i can get it ready before the date i set. if so, you can bet that i will start printing early. fingers crossed. i'll keep giving updates every week to break down what i have left to do. glad your eager for this book, i am too!
does this mean there might be a chance of starting production earlier?
wow! cloth covers, here we are! looks like i owe you all a new video update!
and there it goes :) 6k goal hit...
wow! almost to the $6000 mark! you'll undoubtedly reach your secondary goal! congrats, jason. i can't wait to see the finished product (with the extra awesome cover, none the less)!
i remember hearing about this on the meek over a month ago and needless to say i fell in love with it. definitely don't mind shelling out a bit of cash to cover the printing cost. i mean out of all the talking cats i know victuals is my favorite. thanks for making my mondays a little less boring :)
jason, i just did a pledge and added some extra bucks to cover shipping costs to switzerland  - if you should have an idea regarding the actual shipping costs send me a note and i will adjust it. thanks.
israel rn - if you live outside of the us then please add $5 or more to help me pay for some of the shipping. thanks for the question. i should address that in the homepage i guess.
hello, what about shipping costs?
ron and jim, feel free to send me an email at jason@remindblog.com. your book looks really nicely done and i'd be happy to share my thoughts on all this fun kickstarter stuff.
how did you manage to do this so quickly?  i've also got a graphic novel project on here, i'd like to pick your brain a bit if that's alright.
congratulations, jason.  make us proud!
congrats dude, can't wait to see the finished product!
wow! that was way faster than i ever imagined. thanks everyone again and again! that 6k goal is looking promising now. i better start getting those paintings started.
wow! target reached, and so quickly! now to wait and see if the beautiful cloth binding will be funded. &lt;3
congrats on reaching your target!
hey jason, congratulations on (almost) completing your target in such a short space of time. i saw your blog and spent an evening reading the completed spreads a while ago so i was so pleased to see this project on kickstarter. surely you can't fail to get some kind of publishing offers after the response you've had here. i have pledged, but i live outside of the usa. let me know if you need me to make any additional arrangements with you to get one of the books sent to me, i'd really like to have one.
mikkel is right, hopefully before this closes, i can get $6000 total in pledges so i can print the cloth bound version. andrew - i wont be able to print much earlier because i still have about 10 spreads to color. it usually takes me a week in my free time to get a new spread finished. then i need to focus on getting the book fully designed with all the extra features in the back. luckily i have a great designer who is offering to help.
during those 44 days he will hopefully get the next 3,000 needed for the cloth binding :)
i think you have been selling yourself short, jason.  face it, within 48 hours you have done better than most pbs drives!  your work is great, the concept is intriguing, and everyone wants to see this work.  you did not get the grant because they had no faith in you.  only $400 left to go in 44 days.  what are you going to do with all the time you did not need to reach your goal?  can you start printing early? never underestimate the power of determination when combined with intense effort.  i hope to see you at the chicago con in august.
hi jason, just wanted to offer some verbal support- i really really am loving your art style and creative story!  i wish i could give something, $20 is a bit out of my league right now, but i will definitely be following this project and wish you ultimate success!  seriously, gorgeous project!
its a great online comic, and printed with a cloth binding would be epic! (tho' without will still be fine) defiantly worth the preorder :-)
never seen this before, but i'm all for supporting good hardbound books!  now.. just gotta figure out what level i want to support this thing in.
i am very excited for this graphic novel, i really hope jason can get it done in cloth binding. i have been reading it online for a while now and look forward to every monday! i also hope the animation gets made in the future because the clip i saw looks beautiful! go jason!
this book will be fantastic when completed. watching jason's process on his blog has been very inspiring and entertaining. furthermore i hope that the book lends to the animation ultimately being made in the future.
