i've been experimenting with my road shower. first the rubber pad fell off one of the fasteners. i think it slid sideways in a cloverleaf freeway interchange due to the weight. second, i've also discovered rust filling the end of the hose nearest the nozzle. third, i am looking for a better pump, i need something with a longer hose so i can reach to the top of my truck. four, i wish i could disconnect the hose when driving without draining the reservoir. lastly, i wish there was a security loop i could use to lock the unit to my rack. all said, i am very excited. planning a major road trip in a few weeks and this is going to be great.
picked up mines yesterday from post office in hawaii.  it arrived about a week prior, but i was out of town.  box in excellent condition.  have yet to actually open it up.  from the couple comments, can't wait to use mines!
received mine on wednesday in bay area california. very excited to use it soon. done some testing in the back yard and works a treat. great product!
all good, now to install and go camping!!
road shower arrived today. thank you! box is a little banged up and torn, tape came loose also, have not opened it to check for damage. i will add another comment if there are any details of note. gsh
that is a beefy box.  anyway.  all you said is all there is in the box.  glad you like it.
i just received mine in the san diego county area. it is beautiful. the only issue is that the box split right down the middle (thanks fedex) was there supposed to be anything inside other than the shower, hose/nozzle, 1 hardware bag, and a warning/instructions?
hi joel - any updates on the shipping? getting very excited to use my shower.
thanks joel for the quick update and for making sure the quality is top notch
joel, did you get the link i sent you for the liquid crystal thermometers? were they the type you're looking for?
hi...i am getting close to posting an update on the shipping date of the road shower. they got the 200 made, but at the last minute found a pinhole leak in 100 of them by the elbow.  they are going to have to re-weld the end plates and re- powder coat those.  i am going to see if they can get the first 100 on a container...but it might not be economically feasible. so i may be able to ship out by march 1, but more likely they will be delayed a month. i'll post an update soon. the good news is that they are not shipping a product that has a problem.
any updates on the release of the shower? off-roading season is ramping up, i'd love to get this mounted on my trailer!
yes...you can still use mounts specific to the rack being used in regards to thule or yakima racks. those little yakima adapters cost $5 each, if you would rather use them.   we used the metal bracket because it fits more bars and racks.
the latest pics show a metal bracket holding the tank to the crossbars. the earlier pics showed using a yakima adapter.  can the adapter type mounts specific to the rack still be used?
and you can always buy whatever nozzle you want at walmart for a few bucks if you prefer another.
the new nozzle can do a nice gentle spray for showering. video and photos coming soon. it is also very capable of a strong jet spray....amazing. i think most of us will use it to clean our gear as much as showering.
the mount really doesn't scratch the road shower underneath. if you have a painted factory rack, you could put a piece of foam or cloth between to prevent scratching.
the nozzle is removable and you can have free flowing water like a garden hose.  the other end will have a female garden hose thread. the end user can buy a quick release with an on/off valve for that if they want to remove the entire hose. (cost about $5).  we like the cleaner look without all of that on the elbow.
looking forward to having this on the roof of our four wheel camper!
yes congrats, i also am looking forward to having the shower for my long weekend trips. what a great way to start the new camping season this spring!
congratulations! you made your fundraising goal, i can't wait to use your shower on my cross-country trip!
congrats for successful funding!
i guess i can start planning more trips next year now that i will have something new to use! i think i should have grabbed two of these.
i am very glad to see that you have made your funding target. congratulations.
i've been thinking about the inflator.  i was out field testing this week near moab.  i used a tire inflator like the link below. just a $19 inflator that runs from a 12 volt cigarette lighter. my manufacturer feels that using a compressor is perfectly safe, due to the pressure relief system that is built in. this makes operation of the road shower much easier.  more pressure that a co2 pump and easier than a hand pump.  a hand pump or co2 pump is easier to set up though. if you leave a gallon of air and pressurize with a compressor at home or a gas station, it will hold pressure indefinitely and be ready when you need it. http://www.walmart.com/ip/16641400…
we are so close! i sure hope this makes funding. if you bundled a co2 pump like the video as an add on, i think we could reach the total. would save us all from ordering one ourselves. looks so handy.
i too would love to see an under the bars mount.  great idea! looking forward to seeing a few more pledges so this crosses the finish line!
great solution to one of my problems!.
i've been thinking about a u bracket also. it would be an accessory. it could work, but i am worried about the swinging underneath.  the road shower is designed to stay on through the toughest 4 wheel drive roads, and a u bracket could compromise that claim.  still thinking on this.  the channel will remain on the bottom.
i am concerned that an under the bar mount would likely limit the ability to use this product on most aftermarket and factory rack systems. the bars on my car are only 3" above the roofline and anything mounted underneath would interfere with sunroof operation...most factory racks have even less clearance. on previous vehicles i've mounted longer bars to extend past the towers (cutting them to the desired length as needed)...i can see using this approach with a custom "u" bracket as a viable way to mount the current design under the bar (plus it would give you a little more width to work with on top).
excellent. :-) i definitely want one of these either way, you developed an awesome idea. in the last decade i've traveled across the nation, from the arctic ocean in alaska to the atlantic in maine, and of course all along the west coast with numerous places in between. currently 255,000 miles on my truck. like you, i've pondered some ideas of having water available for showering, rinsing my kayaks, and more. all were a hinderance, where this makes so much sense. hope we can all find friends to quickly surpass your minimum goal, and push it right on to double and more.
i will think about the under the bar mount, and how that might be accomplished with the current design.  you can mount the road shower from side to side. that is one of the reasons it is only 55" long.
jeffrey, that's what i was thinking of last night, possibly mount on one bar side to side. great minds think alike :) skip
so excited to see this project. i echo the comments by others of an under the bar mount. a slimmer/wider under the bar mount would be really beneficial as i use the full width of my bars on top for my kayaks. i'd be tempted to mount it to a single bar from side to opposite side of the car, instead of front to back... if that makes sense. best wishes. :-)
hi, about being able to mount from the top. how about just from the top and none on the bottom and take it to just before the cap? same volume, same weight and have more room on top of the bars. just a thought :)
i would like to add an insulated sleeve or jacket as an accessory.  i think it is a good idea. i will check with my manufacturing company, though, to see if it would be econonimically feasable at this point in time.  if i reach a high funding level, it would be a nice add on.
it would be great to have a slot on the top for the mounting brackets, but i think it would add to weight, and cost, and decrease the water volume. it would also not be able to run all the way through due to the fill cap.
has there been talk of an insulated sleeve/jacket? i don't know if there are folks who would like to keep water cool for as long as possible or keep it warm after the sun sets. or even to keep it from icing/freezing up in the cooler/higher climates.
hi, it all looks great :) her a thought have you considered mounting brackets on the top so it can mount under the bars and still have full use of the top of the bars say for surfboards ? skip
would be funny, until i got stopped by homeland security...lol!
ok, this might be way off, but is there any way we can add some funny additions like a fake missile head and colorful fins? just thinking it could be quite funny.
hi...the t-slot runs the entire width of the body.  your bars can be any width apart up to 54".
hi, does the t-slot run all the way down the bottom of the shower? i only see the slots on the end, and well my car is small, so just wondering about this as there is no shot of the underbelly
thanks! i need to measure, but i'm going to possibly mount this on the rear side of my m416 trailer setup.
here is where you can buy the locks.  you'll need 2.  http://www.cracksandracks.com/yakima-7220-sks-accessory-lock-housing-p-303.html
dimensions are 54" long.  6"x4" ellipse. the elbow will come out of the back in the new model.   this will add about 3" to the length.
the weight when empty is 13 lbs.   shipping weight with box is 15 lbs.  4-5 gallons add 32    -   40 lbs.  total max weight is 54 lbs.
i might have missed them somewhere, but can you please provide the shower's dimensions and empty/filled weight?
it will have the option of a quick release.   locks are available as an accessory.
does the hose attachment have a quick release at the pressure unit, to allow storing the hose inside the car ?it would be nice to not leave the hose attached while away from the car. i don't mind sharing the water, i just want to be there when someone else uses it.  also. have you considered lockable attachments to the roof rack ? theft is real.
