@k.c. - one suggestion i use is to have players cover their tokens with their town hall cards. when the witches place the kill token they just move the town hall card, switch the token, and place the town hall card back. witches can also nudge other town hall cards in case anyone is checking for movement.
anyone ever had issue with the kill/save tokens? a few times we've played and people have "noted" the location of their tokens to see if they move (and also claim to be able to distinguish between an up/down side of the token, scratches, etc. to know if it has been replaced). granted, that level of observation tends to take away from some of the fun of the game, but wasn't sure if anyone else has experienced this, and has anyone found a good way to mitigate it?
hi travis, already has previsao shipping to brazil?
@illusion games, you can play as many red cards as you'd like on your turn. so you can play 7 on one player at a time if you'd like. the robbery and arson cards discourage stockpiling too many cards.
i have a question my friends and i seem to have a dissagreement how many red cards can you actually play on one player as we seem that if someones able to put 7 on one person on one turn its unfair but if we can place as many red cards down like one on each player it seems better whats the actual theory/rule with this?
@jhonnatan @abhishek, we'll be sending out international replacements soon. there are still a few trickling in.
travis, i still haven't received the game. i live in the uk. could you help me?
hi travis, when can i expect shipping to brazil?
@dylan, yes, we'll definitely take this into account for the next edition of the game and future games. thanks for the feedback!
hi travis, my group absolutely adores this game, only issue is we play it so much i have had to sleeve the cards and now the box is essentially useless as it cant even begin to try and shut! if you make another kickstarter for the expansion or offer the expansions can an additional larger box for the base game be included? thanks
@trystan, we're working on one now! see here: http://facadegames.com/frequently-asked-questions/
i would love to see an app from you guys:)
@robyn, we're actually in the process of developing the app now! we have the script completed and recorded, and most of the design. just working on putting it all together.
any word out about the companion app yet? apologies if there is somewhere in these comments and i've not seen it
@bob, awesome! so glad they enjoyed it!
taught this to my class of 4th graders ( a few pairs pretending to be 1 person) and they loved it. i modified it by removing character cards since we had under 1 hour and 12 players. it went really well!
@mike, i'll message you directly
i am in nyc and haven't received the game yet. can someone check on the status for me?
@jak, message me your address and which cards are damaged and i'll send replacements. it seems that in a few of the copies the black cards got stuck together. thanks!
hello, i've unfortunately only been able to play salem twice, and we kind of played it wrong, but it was still a lot of fun. we had been playing a friends copy of the game, so i was leaving mine sealed to eventually do an unboxing video. when finally doing the video, some of the cards were stuck together and were damaged. 5 or so in total, i believe (and sadly including the night and conspiracy cards). i didn't see an update (or missed) about what to do when receiving damaged components. i have pics (and well... video lol) if need be. thanks for your time!
received mine in brazil. it was in the post office since 06-jan, but the notice to take it there was late (today was the last day to pick it up before it was send back). i recommend all other brazilian backers to call your usual closest post office and ask it if for some reason the notice doesn't get to you. very nice packaging, no issues with it externally so far.
@dan, so glad you enjoyed it! more games from us coming soon! @geno @yuta @jhonnatan, i'll message you.
travis,  when can i expect shipping to brazil?
travis, it seems i haven't received your message...neither through kickstarter nor the address i submitted for backerkit.  is there any way i can contact you?
hi travis, i still never received my game after months of waiting. i am also in california in the bay area. please message me so i can receive my copy, thank you.
had our first playthrough of this tonight as we finally had enough people to make a solid game out of it. as fans of both werewolf and stay away, salem seems to combine the best elements and mechanincs of those games whilst still being in and of itself. who knew burning witches could be so damn fun?  looking forward to anything you guys turn your hand(s) towards in the future.
http://boston.cbslocal.com/2016/01/13/actual-site-of-salem-witch-hangings-discovered/
@meagan @aubrey @marty thanks so much for your kind words! we're thrilled that you're enjoying the game! :)
received my two copies today. they came in wonderful condition and everything is high quality. thank you so much! the game is lots of fun and this was the first project i backed. a great experience... all of your updates and information kept me well-informed. hope to see more games from you travis and co.!
just wanted to say that my 10th graders, who read the crucible with me this year, loved the game. we played in two large groups with moderators on the last day of class before the holiday. once they figured out how to play, they were so into it and loved that they knew the history behind the characters. they especially enjoyed "attacking" other players with accusations. one group was begging to stay past the bell to finish their game (i let them...shhhh!). so thank you! this will be great fun in the semesters to come.
received my copy just before the holidays, and now that i've had a chance to play a few rounds i wanted to comment on how much i enjoy the game. it's short, so it doesn't require a huge time commitment, but its great fun! i think you guys did a great job putting this together.
@yuta and @frank, i've messaged you.
i'm in california, but never received this game. the ship date was never clear, and i've had to move about. can i still receive the game?
hi, i'm in japan and still haven't received yet too... is there any way you could check or track?  by the way, happy new year!
@xenon i'll shoot you a message.
hi, i'm in europe and still haven't received my game. also, i checked backerkit, and strangely, my postal code is 103* instead of 1039, which is really strange, because the * key is nowhere near 9 on my keyboard, so it's not a typo. is this normal, or should i contact somebody about the issue?
@justin, no worries. thanks! @geno, should be arriving soon. thanks for your patience!
i'll have my first game of this coming up today! here's hoping for success.
still waiting on my copy. i really think it must have got delivered elsewhere. i will wait patiently, but i long to play it!
nevermind!  i now know that it was removed. i was wondering why they didn't have tokens. great game!!!
i've been looking online and i've been seeing that some players have a spy card. my game did not come with one or mention it in the rules. was it something that was removed? mine is a first edition so maybe it's not included in this version?
phew! finally got it tonight, just east of toronto, ontario. was worried for a bit, seeing everyone already playing. can't wait to break it out!
@darbjustic, as mentioned in the rulebook, once the constable card is revealed the constable role is out of the game. if the player who owned the constable card still has tryal cards, he or she is not dead yet.
we broke it out over christmas--excellent game. i appreciate the quality and creativity. game question... if the constable card is revealed, do we still have a constable or is that player out?  we played that once revealed the constable power is gone. but really, it might be better to let the power continue. it may ferret out witches.
@scott, that rule is the one that we debated the most, and ultimately we decided that they did have to admit if they were witches. we did it for several reasons. we felt that otherwise it just became a big guessing game with few clues. you'd kill someone and not get any info from it, and be right where you left off. we also liked that this gave incentive to kill - for information and to know which side of the circle the witchcraft had been spreading. we also liked the relationship that existed between neighbors and the need to protect or attack the people next to you because of the implications involved.  in most games it's also still uncertain how far the card has passed, so you need to decide who to kill since time isn't really on the non-witches side at the end with a small deck and quick nights. every game is different, and some work out "better" than others. for players like yourself, feel free to use the advanced rules listed in the rules book. in the variation instead of passing tryal cards to the left, you put them in the middle, shuffle, and deal them out for each conspiracy. you can also add an extra witch card.
just played an 8 player game. we had a person did pretty quickly, and after conspiracy. there is one somewhat silly rule that states once you die you must truthfully say if you ever were a witch. which he did. so we knew immediately where the witch card was(the player to his right). why is that rule in place? if a player dies but no longer has the which card why must he practically end the game? what's the point? otherwise a fun game.
@stephen, don't do anything unless the rules or cards say to. you don't start with cards, and night happens whenever you draw the night card.
to clarify, how often is night meant to occur and how many cards do you start with, i couldn't find it in the rulebook
w00t mine arrived today! @prodigious - haha no way, i'm in cranston, se calgary
@canada, glad to hear yours are showing up more and more! @scott, you can flip over as many tryal cards as you are able, on multiple players if you so choose. @larry, thank you so much!
this is probably the most attractive game on my book shelf! the box is amazing. great job!
are the rules about how many tryal cards one player can reveal in one turn? i.e. can i play the final accusation on multiple players in my turn and flip a card for each?
received mine today (okotoks via south of calgary). looks amazing :d
my copy came in this morning in canada - awesome product, high quality production, can't wait to play my first game over the holidays!
@steph - calgary too... :(
@vishnu, i don't understand your suggestion. in the game a "night" happens every time you draw the night card. the night card is placed at the bottom of the deck whenever the deck runs out, but could be moved by tituba's power. you're welcome to create variations to move the game faster if you so desire. perhaps having a night after each conspiracy as well? @christoph, currently there is not.
is there a rulebook pdf somewhere? i have digital versions of all my rulebooks for reading on tablet, but i cannot find one for salem anywhere.
hello. firstly, i thoroughly enjoy playing this game. very game is so different and exciting. it also reveals a little hidden bit about people we play with. just throwing this out there. so has anyone has ideas for the blank cards. also, for like 2 weekends i have been playing such that there is a night after every round of day until i read the right way on one of the forums. i also realized that i am not the only person so perhaps, you could be clearer on that matter in the instructions booklet in the next iteration of the game. perhaps, this could suggested as a fast iteration of the game under the variations section of the booklet. anyways, i am seriously impressed.
oh winnipeg,  last place to get it canada. three more delivery days before christmas.
still waiting for mine in germany :-(
received here in canada! everything looks great, just need to get the gang together!
received here in canada! everything looks great, just need to get the gang together!
any backers from the philippines? still waiting for mine to arrive
just got my game (israel), looks great.
finally got a chance to play this one tonight, only as a 4 to start, learn the mechanics and what not and its awesome! thanks for a great game. can't wait to play with more people!
@todd, good catch :) @ipeefreeli, love the username. no tracking numbers, but canadian games are arriving daily, so yours should be just around the corner. if you miss it somehow, we'll make sure you're taken care of.
is there any tracking number for canadian shipments? i'm just a bit worried that my package may arrive while i'm away during the last week of december
hey guys i just got my game and it looks absolutely beautiful, great job getting it out so quickly and to such a high standard. looking forward to playing it this week.  one grammar quibble on the manual for future editions: while clothing can be hung, people are "hanged".  anyway game looks great and i love how the townspeople's powers are inspired by their real world traits.
oh and @will, yes, we're actually creating and testing a new game right now! it's temporarily called "management" and will be a basketball-themed game about building a dynasty. we're excited for it!
@matthew and @will, thank you so much for your great reviews. we're thrilled that you love the game! @illusion glad it arrived! @steph, canadian games are arriving daily, so yours should come soon.
i played this with a regular game group these last two weekends and i have to say it is an absolute hit! we're all very picky when it comes to our games and the fact that yours is universally requested shows just how excellent your final product is. do you have plans on making any games in the future?
also it looks fantastic xd sorry forgot to add that!
@steph  i literally just received mine at the door, in alberta. honestly i kinda thought it would be bigger lol oh well :)
to any canadians,  anyone get it yet? :)  winnipeg still cold and empty...
thanks for the response! dirty witches were trying to be sneaky!  my group is loving this game thank you again
from me and my family and friends. thank you. we finally broke out salem on saturday. i've played five times since that initial wonderful first game and each game has been wonderful, full of laughs and intrigue. we played with 7 - 12 players each time and and each game has been vastly different to the last with one exception. one of our players always seems to end up in the stocks :) one of our pickiest gamers said: "i want to play this immediately again" and he has never said that about anything. all that played over the weekend loved it and there hasn't been a single player who said a bad thing. the artwork is beautiful, the box is beautiful and most importantly the game itself is beautiful. that makes you beautiful too. thank you so much for making this game. it is a treasure and i am proud to have it among my collection.
@michael, that is correct. on page 1 of the rulebook in "objective" for the townspeople it says "find and reveal the tryal cards that say 'witch'" once you find the 1 or 2 witch cards the game is over.
i may have missed this being answered but i ran into this question on my groups first run through.  we were playing with one witch card but over the course of play it had transferred to another player.  when the witch card(s) is found, that ends the game and the townspeople win correct?  regardless of how many people are on the witch team at the time the card is uncovered
@philip and @emmanual, so glad that you guys are enjoying! and awesome job innovating to make the token movement even easier. we'd love your ratings/reviews on board game geek if you have a minute! https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/175549/salem
it was massive hit in puerto rico. new gamers and experienced gamers alike loved it. the delayed wait was so worth it. i found useful if you pill up all tokens leaving  the kill token on top so that witch(es) could just place them on top of the town hall cards, it made it quick and without suspicion. love it, salem easily rocketed to my top favorite games and now my party game of choice.
we played with an audio recording played as the digital 'town crier'. game was awesome over the weekend!! all cousins loved it and cant wait for more!!
@k.c. those are some really great ideas for overcoming some of the imperfections in the tokens! i'll have to include some of those tips in future editions of the game. another solution is that once the first person dies they just become the moderator and you do away with the tokens. as long as the moderator keeps track of who is going to be killed and saved, then the tokens aren't needed. it also lets the first dead person stay involved in the game. @geno, should be arriving soon! looks like the last few us games are still trickling in. i think the holidays really slowed down the games that were going to the edges of the country (northeast, california, florida). thanks for your patience!
over a week later since the last announcement and i haven't yet received my copy of the game :/ how can i check the shipping status? i'm in the bay area of california if it matters.
@travis - awesome! thanks for the tips! the thing about salem that really appealed to me was that you could play it with a wide range of players, and that it doesn't necessarily require a moderator. i think you've done a fine job with this game and it is definitely one that our friends and co-workers enjoy! one thing i wanted to mentions - i've played with some people who are apparently are very attentive to detail. they will place their token in a certain place at night so they can more easily tell if their token was replaced by a witch. or they claim they can tell the an "up" and "down" side to each token, and will watch for that to change. also, the "kill" token that was included with my game has an (unfortunate) small marking on the blank side, and people tend to look for that. i mostly feel like these kinds of things are closer to cheating instead of information gathering, but to each his own. i'm currently looking into other ways to continue playing without a moderator, but not allowing people to cheat like this. one idea that has worked pretty well for us so far is to put all the tokens in a pile before night, then the witch(es) place a token on each person at night. this solves the issue for someone watching for the token to move from where they placed it. the other issue is being able to distinguish one token from another, so i'll probably end up buying some replacement tokens that are less prone to scratches and marking. the only other idea we've tried is to have the with place the token under each player's card (to hide the visible differecnes from each player), but found it was very hard for the witch to manipulate all the cards and tokens within a short period of time and without making a lot of noise. anyways, just wanted to share those thoughts with the community and see if anyone else has had similar issues, and what else you may have tried to solve them.
finally! it's in puerto rico!  can't wait to play it on tomorrow's gamenight
@k.c., the game certainly works better with 7+ players. we found that in many games players hoard cards and so the deck goes through more quickly, especially the 2nd and 3rd times through (since the deck is smaller with cards in peoples hands and played in front of people). you're certainly welcome to reduce the deck for fewer players if your group is particularly aggressive at the beginning. i'd take out an alibi, stocks, scapegoat, 6 accusations, 2 evidence if you're looking to shorten.
through a lot of our playing, it feels like the 4-6 play game takes forever to get through the whole pile of cards. there's not enough conspiracies (witches hardly ever change hands), and it takes too long between nights. essentially, we don't feel there are enough data points to "gather information" in a game with fewer players. any tips/suggestions from the creator or other players? can we reduce cards in the deck to make for a shorter cycle?
@illusion games and @travis hancock, just got my copy in the mail today in toronto!  i love the way the book looks, great work!
still waiting!!! :(((((
i got my game on tuesday this week and it looks absolutely gorgeous! the box/book is even more impressive as i thought it would be,
@stephen, love it :) yeah, there can certainly be some quick games sometimes. i like that you never know how long the game is going to go. and i love when i'm a non-witch and tryal cards keep getting flipped but it's never the witch card. drives me insane knowing it's still out there!
arrived yesterday in germany. the book looks great :-)) i'm looking forward to playing it!
we played our first game tonight, five players. explained all the rules, read the 7 laws, everyone was set. first night phase and the black cat was placed. then we started, the second card someone pulled was the conspiracy card, so that player picked a card at random from the player holding the black cat, it was the witch.... boom game over. amazing, of all the cards to pick, it was quite funny. everyone commented oh how a fast game is a good game :-) a quick reset and the second game went for a more traditional length, although even it started funny when one of our players opened with the line, what happens if i've got both the witch and constable.... it turned out he had neither. you can guess how it turned out for him. everyone really enjoyed the game.
just arrived today in korea.  looks great, can't wait to play! :)
hope it arrives before i have to go out of town next week. i'll be gone for two weeks..bleh. the pnp went well, so here's to hoping!
@ben its ok im in alberta and still havnt gotten mine yet! hopefully they all come soon now that we have a vancouver one!
@will, that's great news! @allmycanadianfriends, thanks for your patience. for some reason, the games to canada seem to be going particularly slow. glad to hear we have an arrival in vancouver!
anyone in canada get theirs yet and if so, how long did it take?  i'm still waiting in toronto, but still being hopeful it'll come in soon.
just got mine in vancouver canada
played our first game and loved it! the production design was also a huge hit!
still waiting....
you're welcome! so glad that you guys had fun!!
thank you travis! i figured as much, just had to make 100% sure. also, everyone loved the game. we had a lot of fun, including when a few people role played their characters.
@ophelia, glad you guys had a good round! and to answer your question: yes, the first time around everyone will draw 2 cards. you don't start with 2, since it's possible to draw the conspiracy card during the first time around drawing cards.
last night we played an 8 player game. everyone was at close quarters with one another. during the night round i instructed everyone to make noise and shift their bodies a lot. the witches then placed all the tokens, including the kill token to all players. it wasn't till the final round when it became too late to stop the last witch. however, this made us less likely to predict who the witch was. on another note, at the start of the game no one has any cards from the deck, or do we draw a certain amount to start the game after the night phase?
@bob, thank you so much!! @k.c., as it says in step one of the set-up,"if you have more than 8 players, it is recommended that instead of a town crier, you use a moderator." so that's the easy solution. there are also some listed solution in the "advanced tips and rules" section. you can put all town hall cards in the middle to represent players, make noise, or make the first person who dies the moderator. good question!
@travis - any suggestions for effectively executing a 12-player game? how did you play test with this many people, but still allow the witches to effectively "kill" players without giving themselves away? we've struggled with just an 8-player game and having witches accidentally bump an arm or someone could hear them moving while trying to reach for a token (and we even placed all the cards in the center - still hard for a witch that ends up at the end of the table). i'd expect it to get increasingly harder each person you add, to the point that the witches have to physically stand up and walk around to get access to someone's token. any thoughts or suggestions for larger groups?
@travis, i want to reinforce what @snuffles00  said. i have backed 49 projects, and this has been one of the smoothest campaigns i have backed. it appears you did your research upfront and were ready when the campaign closed. your updates have been mostly regular.  this is the most overlooked and missed feature after a campaign closes, communication. you did well, thank you. i hope to get the game to the table in 2 weeks at our next monthly game day.
still waiting by the mailbox in sweden ;)
well i'm slightly bothered but after reading thru all the details that this games has, the characters are amazing and well thought. thanks for this amazing game! i really love it!
@snuffles, thank you so much! your comment means so much to us, and really makes all of the work worth it. so glad it was a great experience for you!
hello, i have backed over 46 projects and i just wanted to say this project has been an absolute delight to have been a backer for. your updates have been insightful, but not overbearing. you clearly put a lot of time, thought, and effort into this game and it really shows. i was very impressed with the packaging. the book looks beautiful and is very functional. the stylistic theme of the game combined with the art you chose really makes an impression. i have just unboxed mine but i was impressed with how fast this project came together. it was a fast, well organized campaign. i am off to arrange a 12 player game. kudos to you and thank you for a wonderful end product. i couldn't be happier.
hi there, how can i track or view the  shipping status?  backer from the philippines, so excited to play the game
@doc, so glad that you enjoyed the game!! here are those answers: 1. the black cat is a blue card, so should be treated as a blue card and placed in the discard pile upon a player's death, as mentioned in the "blue cards" section of nitty gritties. 2. the alibi gets rid of 3 accusations from one other player (since you can never play a card that affects yourself). 3. i could see how the wording is tricky. this means discard a blue card that is already sitting in front of another player. thanks for the questions! :)
@creator: you all rock...no more can be said! we just finished our first game in which i was the moderator and we had 5 players. first impressions after the game from the group were all positive! we loved the interaction, the offbeat cadence (some rounds went very fast, while others were a bit more methodical), and i would be remiss if i didn't mention the beautiful artwork. the box was pristine, and even non-playing bystanders passed the box around to marvel at the high-quality construction. the included history helped everyone get into the game even more than before, as well! so "thank you, thank you, thank you" for producing such a fun, high quality game! we will be recommending this to many of our friends and family! as we played, there were a few questions we had about the rules and wondering if we can get some clarification (and if we missed this in the rules, please forgive me!)? 1. how do you handle the black cat if the person with the black cat dies? do you replace the black cat every night? 2. alibi: "discard up to three total accusations from any other player." does this mean (a) the player who played alibi discards up to 3 accusations (x's) from in front of them?, or (b) same as (a) except the accusations must all be from the same person?, or (c) the accusations are sitting in front of another player? 3. curse: "discard one blue card in front of another player". does this mean (a) discard a blue card in your hand, but place it in front of another player?, or (b) same as (a) except discarding a blue card that is currently in front of you?, or (c) discard a card that is in front of another player? again, we probably missed these clarifications or we're overthinking, as is usual, but we appreciate the response on these clarifications. and thank you again for producing such a fantastic game!!!
still waiting here in canada but i have faith :)
still waiting here in canada but i have faith :)
btw i live in the netherlands
yay! copy arrived today. it looks gorgeous. can't wait to get this to the table
game arrived in new hampshire, usa
@bob, there is no latch. and thanks :)
about the retail price of $17.20 at mm. on closer inspection with shipping it comes out to $23 something. when you look at the big picture that is less than $1.50 less than i paid. i am happy with the price i paid. to value your ks to within $1.50 per unit is a good job. there is also some margin in there, i am guessing it is not too much. good job thank you
mine arrived today in california. i saw notes in here about a latch on the box. should there have been a latch on the box? mine does not have a latch. if no, have other come up with a good way to add a latch?
i am not upset. without backers, most kickstarter games won't become a reality. i back the vision because i see something promising in the game. sometimes, i get lucky and the deal is good enough that it's cheaper than retail. sometimes, the retailers get a good enough deal and price things low enough that it's less than what i paid.
@phillip, we don't have control over their pricing. also, kickstarter orders were free shipping, which made them cheaper or equal to the highly discounted mm price. sorry you're upset.
is anyone bothered with the fact that we pledged $25 but retail can get it as low as $17.20?? it's even cheaper than early bird special $23... now i wished i didn't go to the websites initially with the intention to leave a good comment.. http://www.miniaturemarket.com/facsalem.html
mayday chimera premium sleeves are a little too large (cards must be forced in). also, any 90+ micron thick sleeves will be too thick (height) for this box, even with the cardboard insert taken out and the rulebook on top—this doesn't even leave room for the tokens and sandtimer. they must have tested with penny sleeves (40 micron) or had a hydraulic press.
just received my cards in singapore. looks great! thanks!
@jamie, yay! the cards are bridge sized. 57mm x 87mm. make sure to get the smallest sleeves you can, since the cards are pretty snug.
hello!  just got the package in blaine, washington!  i was wondering what the size of the cards are?  i'm hoping to get some card sleeves.
@dargou, classic. thanks for sharing that :) @karen, i'll shoot you a message.
hi, i got mine this morning in france. really nice bookbox it fit perfectly in my books shelve, cards seems great not too flimsy i love the artworks and the design you made. i hope we can get an app with cool creepy sounds for the night phase. thanks for your amazing job and how you handle this campaign. now its time to chase the witch all around the village ?! https://youtu.be/sglyfwtjfdu
hi. i don't remember what address i used and it's not in the kickstarter's survey. how will i know where my copy got shipped?
@ryan, glad to hear of another california. looks like the extremities of the us are getting salemified little by little! @chris, we hope so! @bob, i stand by what i said. we shipped all games to kickstarter backers before we did anything else. the mail system is out of our control beyond that. hope yours arrives soon!
" creator travis hancock 3 days ago [clip] ...  the games being sold in retailers are still on pre-order, as the retailers were shipped games only a couple days ago. kickstarter backers will still get their games first." retailers are listing the game as in stock, still no game here yet. in california waiting and excited to get my copy.... will it be at home tonight when i get there? fingers crossed.
missed a parcel in the uk today, can only assume it's this. can't wait to get my hands on it!
finally received my copy in california. it looks great. can't wait to play this with my gaming group next week.
i put mine on the inside of the box lid like you first were going to do. i think it looks fine there.
where have people put their sticker? i was considering putting it on the inside cover, but it seems kinda plain there. was also thinking the bottom right corner of the instructions
patiently waiting. backerkit says mine shipped on the 24th, but it's not here yet (la, california). hoping it arrives soon and wasn't lost :(  everyone else i know in the area here got theirs last week.
@christoph - i'm using mayday games sleeves (the regular, not the thicker premium - the same ones travis mentioned trying) and they work great even keeping the white cardboard separator in there. i have to finagle the tokens a bit so they lay flat in a layer of 2-high in order to get it to close with the instructions, but i haven't had to throw anything out to get it to fit.
no it won't fit, the box will not close when using quality sleeves. i can barely close it with the cards i left for 6 player game. i'm not even using ffg ones (which are generally thickest) and they won't fit.
@christoph, just take out the white paper in the box and rearrange the cards into a t-shape, with the hourglass on the side. it will fit with sleeves like that. @lou, we considered an app but went with the tokens instead - maybe an app down the road if the salem community continues to grow.
what i ended up doing? downgrading the game into a 6-player game and throwing out half the cards.
what happened to the spy card that was mentioned in the questions part of the campaign to be included? also, sleeved cards do not fit. this is my worst discovery in this game. instead they offer replacement cards, but that is a horrible thing for a game where cards should never get marked. i am so disappointed, i need to actually store cards separately from the game box :/
i am still waiting to get my copy of the game here in nashua, new hampshire
any chance of getting a mobile app to do the night narration like the one night ultimate werewolf game has?
got mine in the uk today. the book box looks amazing, and the cards are good quality, and excellent art. good counters too. very pleased, thankyou so much
received mine in florida today.
received in california! the little book motif works really well!
u.s. backer still waiting as well.
@mark, good catch. i'll see if i can fix that today so the discussion shows up on mobile. thanks!
@rob, i believe so. we used bulk mail for your order so it's definitely the slower type. hope it reaches you soon! also, i lived in alaska for a summer and it was incredible. such a magical place!
i just went to the website and i can't find a discussion section. is the site not mobile friendly?
nothing here either, yet. i live up in alaska, so i'm used to stuff being somewhat later than the rest of the us..especially if parcel post was used. would that be the case here?
@anyone still needing their game, shoot me a direct message and i'll see if your game has a tracking number.
@mark, we're excited to see what people come up with for those cards! feel free to discuss any ideas on the "discussion" section of our website at facadegames.com
@scott, the whole reason behind placing the black cat at the beginning is to provide some type of clue for going after the witches. "who would put the black cat on sally? or would she put it on herself? etc. we found that it kind of helps get the game and accusations going.
just got my copy and it looks amazing!! going to try to get through a round during lunch with friends at work. this was one of the first games i backed on kickstarter and have been so excited to have it in hand. couldn't be happier.
i received my copy here in denmark today. the game looks really nice and i can't wait to try it out. great theme, great execution. sadly the shipping company had succeeded in depressing one of the corners of the box which has bent one of the corners of the book. but it kinda fits the theme, it being a book and all. @creator: the golden letters on the front of the book are rubbed off somewhat. is that intended? the letters on the spine are flawless.
@travis, any update on the postage to australian backers? thanks.
haven't received my copy in the us either, hopefully it'll be here by end of the week :)
i still havnt received my copy and it seems everyone else got theirs... its kinda making me sadpuppy... i really wanna play!!
just wondering, has anyone come up with ideas for the blank cards? new roles? if nothing else, the green card and blue cards' art is interesting.
we love the game. we some changes tho. hear me out. nobody likes that the witch has the chance of being outed before any gameplay (even with noises and what not). so when we hand out the towns people cards at random, whichever person is first (alphabetically), gets the black cat. it eliminates the idea of the witch maybe being slick and placing the kill on themselves but it avoids ruining the game early.
got mine today. awesome!
@diversion, love the review!!!! thanks! @jamie, some of the orders are slower than others, but i'd expect yours this week if it hasn't come yet. @alexandra, we didn't create rules for 2 players. we felt like it changed the game way too much. but, you're welcome to come up with something! i'll message you about the box.
hello! i have just received my copy and it is beautiful! however, the box is torn on the side and the clasp does not work. i might be able to somehow glue the box, but i cannot keep it closed.... :-( also, i was wondering if you had been able to create separate rules for 2 players? during the campaign you had said you would try. congrats on a great product! cannot wait to play!
just got mine today. whoa, i absolutely love the box/book, art design, etc. hope i get to play it soon.
hello! i was wondering if the shipments reached blaine, washington already.  i had mine sent to a parcel pick-up company and had not received any messages of it coming to them yet.
score. it posted. first!!!
tried posting my review on your website, not sure if it took. i'd love to be the first ;) my review: just received my copy yesterday. i have been really impressed with this game. first game with 5 players took about an hour with teaching. the gameplay was incredibly tense rather quickly. more so watching someone else accuse another player. the lack of control in those situations makes it much more exiting. i ended up letting others get the 7th accusation just for that sensation. towards the late game i found my self terrified that i might get revealed. i had received the witch card in the last conspiracy. then as the tables turned and players i assumed were innocents were slammed with accusations, i noticed my heart rate jump and i hungered for their deaths. i'm not a fan of elimination games, but the spiral happened so fast that it was really fun. the next morning we played 3 more times each with four players. the games taking 20 then 10 then 40 minutes. lucky catches of the witch card ended the first two games quickly. it seems best when the game has time for the consipraxy to pass the witch card at least once. but luckily there is an easy fix- just redeal and play again. i took a chance on this game and it's an instant classic. at the low entry point, i'll be buying several more as christmas gifts. it's super portable, and the magnetic clasp on the box is a really nice touch. also since there are no ks exclusives there is no reason to hesitate on retail copies. i do really look forward to the mobile app storyteller, but the "town crier" mechanic worked really well from our first game. it is really amazing to see that even the lowest player count (4) works as well as it does. usually there is some awkward mechanic to change things to shoehorn the lower player count. i can't wait to see what this gaming team does next. i can easily say it surpasses coup, resistence and even one night werewolf for me. the only thing i'd like to see more of would be character cards. there are plenty for the game and no more are needed, but if more could be added, even fictional, i would enjoy the expansion. the history included in the book is a really fun add to the atmosphere. i hope this helps you decide to pick up a copy. you won't regret it.
it's not a huge tear; not enough to break the box or anything, just enough to bug me. i don't want to cost you guys.  i can probably just glue it up.
@andrew, i'll shoot you a message.
my copy arrived today, but it's ripped along the inside of the spine =[
thank you for you reply, i going straight to game night after work, did not get to review the nitty gritties
@justin, see the "black cards" section in the nitty gritties. when you draw conspiracy it counts as one of your 2 cards, and you can not play other cards in your hand on that turn.
i received my copy in ny last night, great job shipping it out in time.  the only thing i don't like it there is no latch on box and i don't feel to secure about it not opening up when transporting around.  i may install some kind of leather bound latch. @travis, if you draw the conspiracy on your first of 2 cards, do you still get to draw your second card? -also after you play the conspiracy card can you still play other cards from your hand?
just received in sc! the quality of the box and cards are great! the book and art quality are perfect for the theme. thanks travis, and i look forward to future projects. this will surely be a conversation piece at friday game night!
@everyone, thanks for the excitement and kind words! we're thrilled to have you all have the game in your hands. it has been fun reading your reactions (example @professorplum) @jonah, thanks :) @scott, everyone's first turn is to draw two cards. the reason you don't start with the cards in hand is because you might draw the conspiracy card right off the bat and pass tryal cards. good question. @christoph i'll shoot you a direct message with any info i have on your shipment.
my copy arrived yesterday. it looks great, but since i was the only one home, i couldn't play!
got mine yesterday. (west virginia, usa)  it's in perfect condition and the quality is excellent. thank you so much for making this game.
my copy arrived in new jersey, usa.
hello from singapore! i received my 4 copies and they are in a perfect condition :) thanks a lot!
just got my copy here in the us.  the setup looks very nice.  i can't wait to get a group together to play :)
got mine today! (europe, the netherlands) product looks great! can't wait to play the game. great job mr hancock.
what is happening with eu shipments? will there be shipping notifications sent to e-mail? nothing here in estonia yet.
i got mine today. i'm impressed with the quality!
i'm really glad no one but my dog was around to watch me let out a squee of happiness at receiving salem today.  thank you guys! i am most incredibly impressed at how you have managed to stay on target and have the games delivered so close to your projections.  thank you again, and again, and again!  *turns from the computer to begin testing his dunking chair for the witches*
i have a question. i've read everything and can't find the answer. so my question is, do players start with cards from the draw pile in their hand? or is drawing two cards everyones first turn? if it's mandatory that everyone's first move is to draw cards, i'm skipping this step and dealing everyone two cards right from the setup.
why do people have to be reminded that kickstarter is not a preorder service? you're not getting it cheaper. you're helping fund it. that's it. you're not even investors. i suggest you review the kickstarter terms of service.
got my copy! can't wait to try it out.
mine arrived!  it looks beautiful. :)
@marcus spears my kickstarter backer sticker had fallen underneath one of the bottom flaps of the box the game came in. @travis thanks for the game, the book looks great. can't wait to give it a try at our game night tomorrow night.
@bob, thank you for your feedback. i hope that you enjoy playing the game!
@travis what is more disturbing is that you have to be selling the games to the retail market at less than the $17.20 they are charging. they must still be making a profit. i would hope that in a ks campaign you would make the pledge level closer to the wholesale price. to know that a retail outlet can mark it down that low makes me feel you used your backers to make money rather than get your game to market. to me the concept is we fund you getting your product to market where you can make a profit, not make a large margin off the campaign.
@bob, i'm sorry you are upset. as i've said, all games were shipped to kickstarter backers before anything else was done. all kickstarter games were taken care of as first priority. the games being sold in retailers are still on pre-order, as the retailers were shipped games only a couple days ago. kickstarter backers will still get their games first.
@travis this is a example of a common mistake made in many kickstarters. they send the retail copies out too fast and do not allow time for the backers to get their copies. i am sad to read that it is available in a retail location, i too have not received my copy yet. i know you wanted to get it out and in the stores for the giant post thanksgiving shopping rush, but it is disrespectful to your backers. i am very sad to know that non-backers have the game in hand and might have played it while i am still waiting for my copy to arrive.
@travis,   thanks for responding!  it's not just this project, as i said.   a large portion of the projects i backed this year ended up the same.  that being sad you are correct this is probably the only one that might not have existed with out kickstarter.   i am glad you got your game published.
@kim, very sorry that you're upset! as you know, we sent out the games a week ago, so yours should arrive soon. the games selling for $17.20 are being sold from a different vendor who has put a large holiday sale on it. the game retail price + shipping will rarely be cheaper than it was on kickstarter (23-25 with free shipping). i really appreciate you helping to make salem a possibility by backing on kickstarter. without backers like all of you, this game wouldn't have existed.
it's insulting when it's for sale retail before i got my copy & just to rub salt in the wound it's cheaper too, $17.20!  (even with $6 flat ship it still would have been cheaper).    sadly, this isnt the only project that has failed in regards to both,  but i doubt i'll back much in 2016.
received in ohio — and it looks great, too. thanks!
i got it today i love the game did we not get the sticker for the box for being a kickstarter backer either way love the game so far  but for some reason i expected the game to be bigger
kind of annoying that the game is available in retail, while it hasn't reached backers yet (myself included)
excited that people are getting their copies and reviews are good!! i'm also in canada, any ideas on shipments here and tracking information if possible?
received in va! looks great!
@everyone, so excited that the games are coming in and that you're enjoying playing!! @tigertemprr, we're working on getting the gameplay vid back up. we might make a new one that looks a little better. @christoph, all eu games have shipped so it should be soon. @illusion, i'll shoot you a direct message.
my friends and i played four games today and had lots of fun. the all said that it was a keeper and that we need to play it again.
im from canada and still havnt received my copy? is there anyway to know an estimate on delivery? november is almost over!
awesome, received my copy! super excited to play it. thanks!
i'm hoping that the canadian customers will receive their copy of the game from the us and not from asia (since obviously we aren't really international hum?!). faster the better! :-)
any estimates to eu shipments?
will the gameplay demo video be available again? i want to get a feel for the game flow again before my copy arrives.
just received my copy today, and omg this is by far the most amazing game box i have seen in awhile! i will be getting a few more copies for gifts for sure.
@travis. thanks for the heads up with shipping.  fingers crossed it travels fast to me.
thanks travis, i'm sure it'll arrive sometime next week then, just got a little scared when people were commenting they already had their copy, i only ordered one copy, so that explains it.
@all concerned people, anyone who ordered only 1 game was sent their package on tuesday. since we used bulk mail, tracking is not available. please be patient, as these may take another few days before they arrive. if you want to verify which address these were sent to, shoot me a message.
just checked my backerkit info and it says the same thing, but i'm also without a package or tracking info.
i live in utah but am still anxiously awaiting my copy. i am looking at the backerkit right now and it seems like all my information is correct and it says it's 'shipped', but i never received a usps confirmation or anything of the sort.
i noticed you said us shipping would be completed tuesday. i got no notification of shipping here in minneapolis, mn, is it taking longer then you expected? or is there a form i forgot to fill out?
@k.c. - good questions! tituba can rearrange all the cards while looking at them, as to give her and her allies the good cards, etc. she can also move night anywhere in the deck (especially if she's a witch and want to call someone asap). if a witch reveals their witch card during confession...oops! it's happened in games. one reason why you should keep track of where your tryal cards are ordered!
anxiously awaiting my copy. no email yet that it shipped. :(
got our 2 copies on monday (we live in ut) and are excited to play over thanksgiving. the game looks awesome and the quality of everything looks great! thanks for getting it out on time! after reading through all the rules, cards, and characters, i have 2 questions i am unsure on, and couldn't find anything in the rules: 1. having a hard time understanding titba's power - can she look at the cards as she rearranges them? and what happens to the night card? does it always have to end up on the bottom after the rearrangement? 2. what if a witch accidentally reveals their witch card during a confession? thanks again for this great game!
got my myusps notification that it's on the way! :d
got my copies last night in va... very nice! everything looks great!
got my rewards today! thanks!!!
@michael, there were usually 5 of us working for 3-4 hours each night for 3 nights. but we had cookies and music and it was a good time.
thanks for the update! just curious: how long did the "packing party" take, and how many people?  so excited!  mb
great job on the on time shipping, better then some of the other kick starters i backed really guys i appreciate it and i got a game group of 12 waiting to play it :)
any word on shipping?
thanks travis! will we be receiving tracking or should we just keep an eye out?
@brad, us games are shipping out between today and tuesday. @laurent, the games going to canada are shipping from hong kong.
are you shipping games to canada from utah, or from your fulfillment company in hong kong?
did us games ship out yet?
nice:d
@cyleung, should be within the week.
do you know when will hong kong backers receive their copies?
any updates?
are my witches on the way yet? ;)
just changed my address. did i update it in time? just curious. cheers!
hey, travis! i stay in newcastle in the uk and was wondering when the game will arrive. cheers
@carlos. yes! they landed in la. should reach us in about a week, and then we'll send out!
hey travis, have the games arrived in the us?
@christoph, my fulfillment company in hong kong just finalized details. they should be shipping out this week, but i'll keep everyone updated. hoping to beat the christmas rush!
any updates on eu shipping? i'm really worried about it hitting december, which is insane for eu shipments being delayed for weeks due to christmas 'online shopping lists'.
@royce, you should be able to see your "digital rewards" by going to the survey in backerkit. i've already sent out the print and play versions, but let me know if you can't find it.
hi travis, any updates for print and play version? thanks!
thanks for the update. can't wait!
@cyleung, games left china this weekend! we should be able to ship out games in about a month.
any shipping updates?
totoro (aka alan) little do you know that i burn for you with a tragic flame; for you are rated g, and my appetites can never approach such innocent purity.
@michael, one of the best comments ive seen on ks. good work.
the near completion of this project has left my underthings in a somewhat less than pristine state. i cannot wait to begin unjustly accusing my family and friends.
it looks so amazing!
looks great. thanks for the update. can't wait.
you guys are the best with frequent communication and project updates. i'm really excited for this, and am really glad to have supported your kickstarter.
@alan @alvin thanks, we're excited too! @jessica, i'll have an update soon. all printed materials have been printed, so we're just waiting on the plastic tokens to be manufactured.
it's been quite a bit since the last actual update. people that don't check constantly would probably appreciate one.
i must say that i am really looking foward to playing salem -- and also that i think the faux 'book'-box is one of the coolest things i have ever laid eyes upon.
brilliant. good work. looking forward to it.
@michael, we're still looking good for late october/early november. we can't wait either!
@travis h., everything still on schedule still? my family can't wait for it to arrive!
@nicholas, glad you're as psyched as we are! getting closer.
i need this game.  now!  exactly the type of game we love at work.
i am impatient to test it at 7, it look like the best number i think :) i have verified that during my game :) . i hope find the ideal number of cards and variant for all number of players *wait november *-* *
@martin, glad you got to playtest with the pnp! i appreciate your feedback. the game's in mass production, so we can't amend the rules for this version. in our play testing we liked where things were at with card numbers, but feel free to mess with numbers in your own game. keep in mind that the ideal number of players is 7-9 as is the case for many social deception games. also, make sure that people are taking unflipped cards during conspiracy.
hi, i have do some playtest with the pnp and i found some thing to change at few players (4-5 maybe 6) the witch died too fastly. so i think, for 4 players, we should remove from the deck 20 accusations cards, 2 evidence cards, 1 alibi card and 1 stocks card. an put an other black card in the deck with the same effect of conspiracy without the effect with black cat. with that the witch turn more fastly and the night append more times :)
cool!  thanks
@bob, we sure hope so! it'll be cutting it close, but there's a chance we'll get them out before halloween.
is there any possibility the games might arrive before halloween?  i've been hoping for that since finding this game.
@laurent, sure thing.
hi, i don't know how to get the print and play version as pdf files. i can see it in my pledge status. can you send me the instructions ?
@adrian and @christoph, check your backerkit links. you can change it there.
i, also, may need to change my delivery address. if that is possible.
i need to change my address, is there any way to do it?
@alex, the gameplay vid is back up at https://youtu.be/qni00k6nee4 it's not quite up to date, since it was made before we incorporated tokens and got rid of the spy. message me with any questions you can remember about the game so i can make sure the rulebook is clear. glad you enjoyed it!!
is there any chance you could reupload the gameplay video soon? my family and i played last night with the pdf prints and there were many parts that confused us (i can't even remember them all). overall though we had a blast!
@tigertemprr, from the faqs on the campaign page: yes! they are a little snug, but if you use 56x87mm sleeves, then they fit! :)
will the cards fit back in the box if they're sleeved?
@rachel, find your backerkit link and change it there. i'll send you yours.
what do we do if we have to move house and or address is changing??
just received the files, thx :)
@elizabeth, i'll send you the files directly. if anyone else is having trouble with the download just shoot me a message.
anyone else having issues getting the pnp to download. the first link for the cards works however the other links for  the role and tryal cards and rule book do not seem to work.
hi travis. i backed the project for the full game some time back, but last week i used a link on backerkit to order the p&p-version as well (for 10 extra dollars). so far, i haven't received the files. my creditcard hasn't been charged either, although there is a reservation made on the 17th of july. i'd like to know whether i will receive the files since i can't find the download link on my backerkit page. the people at backerkit say they can't do anything, can you help me? i'd like to start playing as soon as possible. thx
@susanne it has been sent out. it was only sent to backers who bought at the $10 level, or who purchased the $5 add-on.
has the print & play gone out yet?
@rob&roll the gameplay video is down because the youtube account it was a part of is gone. there will be a new one in the future when the actual game arrives. in the meantime feel free to message me with questions.
hello! anyone knows what happened to the gameplay video? it seems to have been removed from youtube. a simple search in the comments didn't find me the answer. looking forward to the actual product :)
wanted to change my address, but have already cleared out my email- don't have the link to it anymore :/
just received the pdf and i can't wait to get home and get this printed and on the table! brilliant guys, thanks so much.
i can't wait for this to ship!!
is it possible to still change my address? i am going to have moved by the time this gets shipped.
awesome - looking forward to it!
@jessica @matt, update email should be out this week. fyi, all the faux books have been made! i'll send out a pic. print and play is finished, and will be sent to backers this week.
i was just wondering about that update myself.
hi there, will we be getting that update soon? it's been about two weeks since one was coming in about a week or so.
i just want to thank travis for being so responsive an keeping backers in the loop so well. this is what kickstarter is about. kudos.
@stephen, i'll be sending a project update in the next week or so, as well as an update about the print and play version coming out this month.
hey travis, any update on whats going on. i know you usually get back to people in the comments but unfortunatly i'm short on time so can't go through them all to see if theres one
@cody, i'll send you a direct message with instructions.
travis, i am pcsing in july back to the states, and i applied for international shipping because i was overseas, will i be able to change my address and readjust my shipping cost to show my correct address?
kickstarter backers loooove proofs if you're keen to share!
@christoph, there is. we'll release it with the pnp version. @gerald, there will be another update soon. the faux book boxes are nearing completion. the rest of the game is being produced. working on the proofs and getting everything worked with the design files. it's going well.
are there any project updates for us? how has production been going?
pnp aside, is there a final rules pdf for the game?
no worries :) and yeah, if you add $5 in backerkit you can still get the pnp in july.
sorry! just read an earlier message. idiot!
is it just the specific "$10 pnp pdf" tier that get a pdf? or do we all get one? because i haven't had mine! i wanna play the game!
if anyone can not get to the survey, send me a message via kickstarter and i'll message you your survey link.
i haven't received my backer survey yet. i visited backerkit and requested another be sent says my email isn't associated with pledge. i have pledge and don't know what to do. please help. thanks
my survey didn't work at first for a few days.  today it did. :-)
@randall, my info is showing that you answered the survey. did you find it?
@creator darn. i was hoping to have it when i go on vacation.
i haven't received my backer survey yet. i visited backerkit and requested another be sent about two days ago. please help. thanks.
@aaron, print-and-play will be ready in july.
any idea when the print and play version will be available?
hey all, if you haven't received your survey yet, you can go to salem.backerkit.com, enter your kickstarter email address, and they'll send it to you. we'll also re-send them in a couple of days.
hi, i haven't received my survey either yet
i know its only been a day but i have still yet to revive my survey
i got my survey yesterday and filled it out. can't wait to get my hands on this game. now i just have to wait for "one night resistance " to finish, and then "poop the game". then i'm done with kickstarter for a long time! wait you said your designing a new game? count me in.... lol. ( i really need to kick this kickstarter addiction)
not sure what email it went to because i have not gotten one. is there a way to check what e-mail address is being used?
congrats! very excited to be a part of this one. and i love the faux book look! i've got a couple of "town name" games in the works for my shuffling horror game. i released pittsburgh 68 a couple of years ago, and roswell 51 is next (future towns include innsmouth and baltimore)... so, i couldn't possibly pass on your game - fits right in! congrats, again!
hi jacqueline. from our end it looks like the survey was sent to your hotmail email address earlier today. check and make sure it didn't go to your spam folder. if you didn't get it, we'll be sending out the link again in a couple of days to those who haven't responded yet.
did the survey e-mail go out already? i did not get an e-mail as of yet.
@thomasdn, yeeeah, definitely the worst part!
backerkit survey done. now comes the waiting. :-)
can't wait to give this game a try with friends.
congrats on successful funding. we are really looking forward to playing this. =)
impressive guys! i'm looking forward to playing salem with friends :-) thank you!
yay!!!
@everyone, we did it!! update coming soon!
apparently you can not do emoticon comments.
���
1 minute to go!
i know i came late but i've been watching for a long time... too many great games ending around the same time! couldn't pass it up though during crunch time!
@ brad i agree! surprise $100k stretch goal, yeah yeah?! :) i'm so thrilled and excited for this project.
$100,000!!!!! we are thrilled!!!! thank you everyone!!!
$100,000 stretch goal seems appropriate. this is kickstarter after all! congrats!
congrats to the creators & all of the backers!  pop the corks on some champagne tonight!
@travis haha take your time... just can't wait to get this in my hands and start throwing accusations out towards my friends lol
i smell 100k.
good to hear.  i will cross my fingers.
@whodatmoney, we're hoping to beat our delivery date by a month or two. we'll get them to you guys as soon as possible, we just didn't want to under-deliver on expectations!
do we really have to wait until november for the game?
@aubrey, so glad that you're going to use this for your class!!! i've actually had a few english teachers reach out to us about it. once the game is published you'll have to help us get it out to more teachers.
@robyn, we're doing tokens instead of the app, but there have been a couple people who said they might make an app on their own for the game down the road.
@ aubrey - i studied 'the crucible' as a literature text and was really pleased to find that the game uses historical characters :) the faux-book box really hits the right spot too! :)
totally psyched to have backed this project.  i teach "the crucible" to high school students.  the fact that this game is so historically accurate and that each deck can accommodate up to 12 players means we are going to have an epic battle at the end of the unit each semester!
yay nearly funded! so glad it ends after my payday too! need this game on my shelf. do we have any news/info on a onuw style app?
@everyone, thanks for the excitement! crazy that we only have 24 hours left. we're thinking about adding one final stretch goal, but will probably keep the stretch goals as is, and use the extra money to order more copies of this first run of manufacturing. we'll keep you posted!
is there going to be a final stretch goal for the last day?
i have been on the fence but keeping an eye out on this project all along due to the fact it so far has no 2 player version. tonight i took a gamble and still made the pledge hoping that will change eventually (some brilliant bgg will figure it out i'm sure ;) i looove the book box and the art is great. as for the print and play add on, at this level of humongus backing it really should be included for free..just saying :p
woop!
yay! stickers!!!! :d
hey travis, really excited to see this project through the mailbox! i was wondering, do you have any more stretch goals in mind if you smash through the last one?
travis, that's really cool. it also allows for the witches to egg the group into killing innocent townsfolk on the off-chance that they are witches :p although they'd have to be sneaky about it and not act as a cohesive group... would stickers be the final stretch goal, or you have a couple more ideas that may or may not be revealed? i'm asking cos if you had a couple more ideas, then it's probably good to reveal them soon as the last 48hrs usually see a spike in pledging. if you're happy with the final stretch goal, then by all means, stay there tho :) don't want to add stuff that will lengthen the waiting time. i wouldn't say no to more blank cards though :)
@rabecca, yes, in that case you would need to admit if you were ever a witch. it's kind of a way for the townspeople to narrow in on the witches. it also encourages people to kill for the information.
@mark, we actually did take your suggestion, and made buttons of all of the characters! these will be available to buy after kickstarter ends. i'll include info for it in an update.
i may have missed the answer, but what happens if you lose a witch card, and now all of the tryal cards in front of you say not a witch,  and you reveal all of your tryal cards that say you are not a witch but you really are.  do you have to confess?
so, did the button idea not pan out? it's a shame because i am sure that they would have looked cool.
@bob, see the add-on section. if you add $5 to your pledge, we'll send you the print-and-play version as well.
i have a question.  if i backed at a level to get the full game, can i still download the pdf in july to play earlier?
@rabecca, great 2 cents! i am definitely in your boat. during the whole creation process i've always been ready to cut things as soon as they were becoming too complicated. definitely a lot of value in simplicity, which i think can be seen in looking historically at the most successful games out there. and now that we've added an "advanced rules" section, that will hopefully tailor to the ones who are in the other boat.
@brent, we've actually play-tested the way that you described. you can certainly try playing that way, but we found that playing the cards in front of a player instead of a tryal is good, since it gives incentives for a player to play the final accusation on a player, since they'll get to choose the tryal to flip over. your way also complicates moving cards around with scapegoat, or taking tryal cards during conspiracy. cool idea though! and like i said, you can certainly try that variation with your copy.
@christoph, great to have you on board! @sien, we'll show you what the new $75k cards will look like soon. @tye, that's a good idea. it's tricky to just order those extra cards not part of a set, but perhaps between our first and second editions we can order these cards and make them available for purchase on our website.
lucas, it was mostly correct, except the -est suffix is used for second-person present verbs (e.g. thou playest..., thou mayest play, etc.). it is important to note that only one verb is thus conjugated in a particular clause.
i see all of the experienced gamers input but want to warn against overcomplicating things.  there is a beauty in simplicity.  in its current state i see this as a game anyone can pick up and learn.  perhaps a variant rule set for experienced gamers.  i have a lot of non-gamer friends who get so turned off when introduced to a game with a lot of complicated rules and i have found while i don't mind complicated games, i actually enjoy them, the majority of people i know prefer the games that are simple to pick up and play.  just my $.02.
after watching the demo, i had an idea for a more difficult variation (that might also extend game play when there are fewer players). instead of placing red cards (accusations, testimonies, witnesses) on a player, red cards are placed on a tryal. so a player might have 3 accusations on one tryal and 4 on another, but because they are on separate tryals, the player does not reveal a tryal card. this could work for both the townspeople and the witches. a witch could play 2-3 accusations on (what they think) is a player's "not a witch" card to mask their alliance. for townspeople, it would be a way to target the suspected "witch" card without speaking (which i assume isn't allowed?). so if i only have 5 accusations in my hand but think i know a specific tryal card is a "witch," i can pointedly target that card in hopes that one of my fellow townspeople gets the hint and reveals that card. now this has ramifications for the movement of tryal cards. accusations could either travel with the tryal card or be moved to the newly received tryal card. this game play would be mutually exclusive with the ability to shuffle your own tryal cards. thoughts?
if there are enough good ideas for extra cards maybe travis could create an add-on to allow people to pledge for more blank character & ability cards... i don't know the logistics for them behind the scenes, though.
i like the judge card idea. i'd probably give it the ability to either remove two accusations from a player or move one accusation from one player to another.
yups, they might need to re-expand parts of it to be clearer, esp on critical gameplay. and we're getting close to that 75k goal :) what cards are you guys thinking of using them for? i find it harder to imagine, but maybe it's because we don't have many examples of these play cards yet, and the ideas will come flowing in after we've gotten the game and a few plays under our belt
took me a while but i've joined the party! figured i'd need something next to the resistance with its expansions and two rooms and a boom seems to be one that will never be released.
sien, i believe the last set i posted was grammatically correct, but there my be something to be said for re-expandjng the rules that i condensed. with that said, it's up to the creators to come up with. they are free to use my version if they'd like.
@joseph, yes! they are a little snug, but if you use 56x87mm sleeves, then they fit! the cards are bridge size. yeah, friends and family screaming "she's a witch!!" at the top of their lungs have been our favorite play-testing moments so far.
heh lucas, thanks for the catch there on my horrendous grammatical errors! :) yups, writing the rules grammatically is tricksy indeed, and here's to hoping travis and holly will take the suggestion up and polish it up nicely :) we're nicely on track to the 75k goal :) honestly not excited about the stickers at 85k but i'm sure we'll hit it anyways! heh.
i recently purchased a game called boss monster (good play but not why i mention it).  after a play through of it i decided to sleeve all of the cards to protect them and make the game a bit more durable.  this caused the cards to go from taking up a small portion of the box to nearly all of it (155 cards). if i want to sleeve salem would all of the cards still fit in the box afterwards?  also what is the dimensions of the cards or is that still to be decided?  thanks again for the great kickstarter.  really excited to get my hands on this; mainly so i have reasons to yell "witch" at people.
@shauna, using a "judge" is a really cool idea! i like that- choosing to move or forgive accusations during the night. i'm really excited to see how people use that extra tryal card. @jessica, glad you're excited! it was always a bummer that i needed so many people for werewolf/mafia to make it fun, so salem definitely aims to improve this. @lucas @sien @zombitten, thine advice hast been graciously received. great ideas!
sien, i knew you were not trying to be condescending. i like a few of the changes you made (capitalization is really important), but be careful on your "olde grammar." the verb endings -est and -eth are equivalent to the modern ending -s. example: he plays ball. -> he playeth ball.  i play ball. -> i play ball.  (2nd singular) you play ball. -> thou play ball. (2nd plural) you play ball -> ye play ball.
i can't wait to play this game! i introduced my friends to werewolf and they loved it, but it's definitely a game that needs a lot of people, and we only had 5. i think this might work better for us.
i forgot to mention that the judge can only perform one action every night. so its either he remove one accusation from the player or transfer it to someone else
i think i'll modify one of extra role card as "judge". spent the whole night thinking of the mechanics lol. every night, the judge holds the power to remove all accusations from a player or choose to transfer the accusations from one player to another. can't be used on yourself. good for players >7?
and sorry if i came across as being rather demanding of the grammar, lucas. my comment was more towards the game creators, that if they choose to take up the suggestion (which is awesome btw!), they will need to be careful to work out the grammar as well as phrasing. for example, i had capitalised 'token of saving' and 'token of killing' to make it clearer, as well as worked in some of the phrases that deal with gameplay. i'm sure there's much to improve on and we can work together on that, or the creators need to take time to look through that as well. it's just something i felt was important to emphasize, that grammar and phrasing for the 7 rules will need to be consistent :)
have made some suggested changes to lucas' rules, based on the salem rules: i. thou shalt not playest a card, or token of saving upon thyself. ii. thou mayest playest the token of killing upon thyself. iii. thou mayest playest cards upon thine own turn, and only then wilt their power be displayed. iv. thou shalt not taketh back a card that hath been played. v. thou shalt not delay the game. in times of need, the hourglass shalt be employed to prevent delay. when the appointed time hath pass, draw thou two cards and pass on, for thy turn hath ended. vi. thou mayest change the order thereof of thy cards, but they must remain in the sight of thine companions at all times.   vii. thou shalt heed the last three words of the dying, for the dead remain silent in the grave.
i like the rewritten laws. :) i was very hesitant about this game at first, but now i'm super excited. congratulations!
i. thou shalt not play a card or token of saving upon thyself.  ii. thou mayest play the token of killing upon thyself.  iii. thou mayest play cards upon thine own turn and only then shall they take effect.  iv. thou shalt not take back a card that has been played.  v. thou shalt not delay the game. the hourglass shall be used to prevent delay. when the time passes, thou shalt draw two cards for thy turn is complete.  vi. thou shalt keep all tryal cards in sight of others at all times.  vii. thou shalt heed the three last words of the dying, for the dead shall rest in peace. i fixed some grammar and expanded a bit on the rules that i simplified in my previous version. let me know if there are any other grammatical issues that need adjusted.
yeah. i knew my grammar was poor, but i also wanted to give an example of the idea. it would be a very thematic way to have these central rules, but it would need to be carefully written.
agree with lord zombitten, if you choose to re-write the rules in kjv style to evoke the ten commandments, please make sure the grammar is properly done. it would be most irksome if there was just a cosmetic change of 'you' to 'thou' without regard for the rest of the words that should also be changed :) huzzah for new blank role cards, and here's pressing onto the blank usable cards! :) i think i'm going to have to look for a wooden cutout of a cat and paint it black to pair with the 'black cat' card! or maybe a few tiny brooms to mark the 'dead witches'. so many small props that can be added heh.
lucas' idea is interesting, but the grammar needs help if you want to do that. it should read something like "thou shalt not play a card upon thyself." or, you could use "...thine own self." another correction is instead of "thou may..." it should be "thou mayest..."
@lucas, that's actually a really incredible idea! we'll think about it :)
you should rewrite the laws of salem in king james 10 commandments style wording and have it on a reference card. it could add to the theme while having a reminder of the most basic rules of the game. i. thou shalt not play a card or token of saving upon thineself ii. thou may play the token of killing upon thineself iii. thou may play cards upon thine own turn and only then shall they take effect iv. thou shalt not take back a card that has been played v. thou shalt not delay the game. the hourglass shall be used to prevent delay vi. thou shalt keep all tryal cards in sight of others at all times vii. thou shalt hear the three last words of the dying
@drake, those are some of our favorite games as well, so we're sure that you'll love salem too! @shauana @stephen @sien, we got it!!! :)
any updates with regards to below? with further play-testing, and the addition of the tokens, we've decided to remove the "spy" tryal card. since so many tryal cards are in the game, we found that the spy was not adding very much new information, but had the potential to ruin games, especially if he found the "witch" card early on. if we hit the $65k stretch goal, players will have the option of adding the "spy" card back into the game. we'll explain how to use the "spy" on our website if anyone wants to use this role.
winning! next stretch reached
almost there for the 3 role cards :)
can't wait till i try salem!!! it has all the mechanics from games i like.
if you like deception games like one night ultimate werewolf, resistance, and coup, here's also one night resistence!!!  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2012515236/one-night-resistance
@xviability, if you have ordered at least one copy of the game, then if you add $5 to your pledge i'll also send the print-and-play version. see the "add-ons" section for more info. thanks!
@travis hacock if i pledge 35$ then is there any way i could get the game and the pdf emailed to me?
@alan, great request. we'll see if we can get one up in the next few days. @michael, yeah, hopefully we don't upset too many people with that :) we figured that that book title kind of fit with the terribleness/theme of the witch trials, so we left it. the bookstore we used (http://pioneerbook.com/) had shelves and shelves of epic-looking old books.
you guys had better be careful of that book in the bookshelf image "they bought their women". you'll probably get all the people upset about the slaves in five tribes on here up in arms about the implication of women being sold into bondage ;) lol
hey folks!  happy to be a new backer!  i might request that you post another game play video with the tokens.  i'd love to see them in action...plus i always like to see another play to give us a look at more cards and mechanics.
@mike, that's a really cool idea! we actually already do have something in the rules about this. you can see it in the faq section under "advanced tips." also, since the faux book is pretty small, a cloth like that would not fit. however, i'd love to see someone create one for their own games! to make token movement less obvious: -have each player place their town hall card in the middle, forming a small circle representative of the actual circle of players. the witches and constable can place tokens on these cards, rather than next to the actual player.  -make noise during the placement of tokens. one good way to do this is to have each player pat the table with their non-dominant hand, leaving the dominant hand to move tokens. or, come up with your own house rules about making noise during night rounds (ex. chanting in latin, turning on creepy music, humming, etc.).  -after the first player dies, let them become the moderator, taking over the town crier’s duties. this keeps the dead player involved, and makes the movement of tokens easier.
for the tokens, what if you were to include a cloth to place in the middle of the game to place tokens on. the problem is you may have issues reaching across a table or pretty far as a witch trying to get to the tokens without becoming noticed. if there was a cloth or something in the middle to put your tokens on, that would be pretty cool and it could add considerably to the 'feel' to the game, depending on what you put in the middle. something like this would work nicely: http://i.imgur.com/rejuef1.png
@brandon, good question! in all our games of play-testing, this has never been an issue. since conspiracy only happens once per deck, and odds are very low that the witch card will pass every time (1 in 5 to begin with, then 1 in 4, or 1 in 3), there has never been a time where this is a concern. sometimes everyone becomes a witch, but by that time more than half of the players are already dead. yes, the final person to become a witch technically "wins", but they sure feel defeated since they'd been trying to hunt the other players the whole time. i've also found that the witches or non-witches always have enough pride in their team to want to kill the other team as soon as possible. finally, "cleansing" a witch wouldn't work, since that witch would already have information on who the other witches were. then once they were "good" again, they could just rat out the other witches right away. thanks for the question!
first i want to say that this game looks awesome and i cannot wait to play it.  i have a question.  although highly unlikely in theory especially with the smaller 4-6 person games it is possible that every player could become a witch (if the witch card(s) gets passed around.  is there a plan put in place for none witches on the brink of losing ( have one or two trials left) to not scramble like mad just to become a witch themselves ( deliberately try to draw/exchange cards with known witches in the hope of becoming a member of team witch just so they can win the game as a member of team witch.  as i know for me personally if i were playing a 4-5 player game and i was a non witch with only 3 or fewer trials left and it looked like i was going to lose, i'd be trying like mad to swap trail cards with people i had a good idea were witches in hopes of getting a witch card so i could join the winning side.  is there perhaps a way like a special character type (ie a priest)  that can potentially cleanse a witch.  like perhaps during the night phase after the witches select their target, and the constable selects theirs, the priest then selects a player to cleanse (with the condition being unlike the constable a witch cannot become a priest and the priest ignores witch card.  that way there is always at least 1 non witch.  as like i mentioned extremely rare in 7-9 player games, almost impossible in 10-12 player games unlikely in 5- 6 player games, i can see 4 player games where players try to break the game and all try and become witches just so that they can all win.  again i really love the concept and idea of the game and i am glad to be a backer of this game.  i am just curious if a measure was in place to prevent smaller game groups 4-6 players from trying to all become witches just so that they can win.
heh, i did that a while ago, joshua. looking forward to the 65k and 75k stretch goals :)
@joshua, way to be! we played 4 incredible rounds over here yesterday. i'm getting so excited to get the game out to everyone! it's a blast.
just gave up my early bird slot for another game pledged up!
@travis, that makes sense. i will just have to try that variant.
@paolo, during the night, the witches must come to an agreement about where to place the one kill token. also, since the witches are in different parts of the circle, they can usually reach just about anywhere. also, as you can read in the "set up", we recommend that in games where there are a large amount of players you should use a moderator.
@christine. great question! we thought about this one a lot. originally, we had players play the save token just like the kill token, face down. however, we felt that this way the constable wasn't very influential at all. much of the time, a person who was going to be saved, would confess anyways, essentially wasting the save token. in the advanced rules, it mentions that if you want to increase difficulty, you can play with the save token face down. trust me, we've thought about it :)
i think i did not understand how tokens work! why 1 kill token? if there are more than 1 witch what happens? still in a 10 players game i think tokens cannot be moved during the night without getting catched (i think sometimes you literally have to stand up and walk to the other side of the table :p). i still think that the best way to solve the problem is..everyone must take the same action! maybe writing on a paper the action (kill x, save y, do nothing) and put the paper in the salem box. this represent the evening meeting in the town hall :) i think i'll play with these custom rules as the tokens i don't think they really address to the problem. (of course, this is only my opinion and everyone can throw shame on me at will!) :)
@travis, great news about the tokens. just read the updated rules, and i have a question. why not play the "save" token in the same way as the "kill" token - face down replacing the token in front of the chosen player, and putting that token in the middle face down. that way the suspense over who was saved is kept going until the tokens are revealed, and the saved player will still have to consider confessing. if the kill token ends up in the middle, players will know that the constable saved the person that the witches were trying to kill.
@kevin, thanks for the feedback! as you probably saw, we're going with the tokens. it would be pretty sweet if you made an app as well! keep us posted on that when the game comes out. we think we've solved the no-moderator issue pretty well with the tokens though. @jacob @stephen thanks for your excitement! we're psyched!
yea for $55k! :)
woo! next stretch goal unlocked. we're going to need more
i really like the token idea!  and (not that this should make your decision for you) i feel like if people really wanted an app for this game, they could make one (cough i might do it haha).  it wouldn't be superstar quality, but the app i made for resistance avalon took a week and a half, so i would love to offer a free app on the google play store (ios cost $99 a year so i can't promise that).
@mark, that's a really great idea! we'll think about it as an add-on. if we do it, it'll be up in a few days.
so is it too late for the idea of buttons that have character art along with the logo to be possible? honestly they would look cool and people could pin them on during games as a role playing tool.
@nick, cool game! @rin and @drake, we're officially going to use tokens! play testing has been awesome for it. i'll explain more and make the official announcement in an update once we hit $55k.
since we're drawing ever closer to that final fateful stretch goal, might i say that i love the token idea? i'm pretty keen on my games being technology-independent. if we go app style, i'll probably pick up a new copy of that delightful "circus freak" themed card deck to use as tokens in my game! so i'll be happy either way, but i love this game staying natural, colonial, and a little wild.
eh i plug any game i ks including this one, gets the word out for all partys....and im not saying everyone should spam a comment thread with that sort of stuff but one plug doesnt cause eyes to bleed and angels to fall from the heavens. cross marketing or synergy if you will is key for campaigns that aren't an anomaly like exploding kittens.
nick - it's generally bad form to randomly link other projects on non-related ks projects (especially if the creator didn't do a plug for the game in the updates). if it was linked as a response to say a question about similar games, or a discussion, it's not as bad, but probably would have been good to check with travis about this, or at the most, mention the name of the other project that you think other backers should check out, but not link directly to it.
$3,402 more for the moderator app!!!!
for any salem'rs looking for another kewl way to spend money this is another great game on kickstarter. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/grubtongames/a-chaotic-life-a-hectic-and-strategic-game-of-poor
@xavier, sure thing! i'll send you a direct message.
good morning travis! (at least for me is morning) i'm staff of a boardgames and role playing organitzation and yesterday we talked and decided to get a copy of salem. but we will need a bill in name of the organitzation because we have to justify our expenses. will it be possible? thanks!
@tom, i got some sleeves today in the mail to test them out. they are a little snug, but if you use 56x87mm sleeves, then they fit in the box!
thank you travis for looking into making a solution for having sleeves on the cards. i know for sure that i'm also going to want to put sleeves on them, since in hidden identity games it's super important for people to not know what cards you have. could you please update us when you've found a solution? thank you so much! i look forward to receiving your game; it looks like it'll be a ton of fun.
to be honest i was hoping that the pins had art from the game on them. it would have been cool and i could have used them during games.
@xavier @bjorn, the box was made to fit the cards pretty snug so that they wouldn't move around much. therefore, sleeved cards probably won't fit. however, if you turn the cards vertically and make one stack of cards, you can fit most of the cards, with sleeves, no problem. i've ordered a smaller sleeve that should come to my house soon. i'm testing out potential solutions, and i'll keep you posted!
+1 for björn. travis, have you tried if the cards fit in the book with sleeves? :)
would be great if the box/book would fit the cards if you wish to sleeve them... :-)
yay for the tokens instead of app! maybe some sneak peek of stretch goals above that, since we're on track to get there soonishy? :)
@chris @lucas @jacob, we're about 90% sure we're going with tokens instead of the app. testing is going well. i love the suspense they add as well, and the drama of turning over the kill token. thanks for the feedback!
fwiw, i lean towards preferring the token solution as it is not dependent on technology external to the game and tokens have an elegance and 'warmth' that for me at least apps fail to achieve (personally i find an app pulls me away from the world of the game).
i'm liking the token idea the more i think about it.  it would add a nice bit of suspense even if your moderator isn't the best.  each player has to reveal their own fate.
much prefer the token idea rather than an app, more in keeping with this being a tabletop game, the app just doesn't fit right for me.
@dana, that's probably my favorite comment so far :) @robert, thanks! cheers to you as well. @nick you are making me hungry... @phil & alina, so funny story. holly and i actually own a button-making machine and sell buttons here and there. just a fun hobby. so, we have the machine and it's easy for us to pump out the buttons. there's been enough people interested to warrant creating the add-on for it. just kind of a fun little thing.
out of curiosity, what's with the buttons? have there been a lot of people interested in those?
im just saying, chilean sea bass is delicious....but it tastes alot better with some crawfish risotto! i understand not wanting to mess with it to much due to delivery schedules, but just nice to know theres some wiggle room on some stuff. ill be curious to see what stretches you implement after the 55k.
$5 added for print-and-play option, cheers
cotton mather reminds me *just* a bit of mitt romney.
@nick, our last couple of prototypes have used the 310gsm ivory core cards, and we really like the look, feel, and quality of them. we are considering increasing the card quality as a stretch goal, although the ivory core are already premium level. we've decided to keep the sand white, and there are no plans for adding more cards to the deck right now. we don't want to add too many ingredients to something that we think tastes pretty good already! thanks for your questions!
ugh, and i forgot one other question.....are these linen air cushion cards?
and congrats on hitting 45k!
travis thanks for the message response....couple of things still unanswered though. why go with an ivory core instead of a black core for cards that dark? second do you intend to check on the brown sand for hour glass? lastly, i know you said you would look at going from 310's to 320's as a stretch, but any more stretches planned for adding even more cards? thanks.
only 550$ for next sg!!! great news!
@deanna, the kickstarter funds we raise are going to be used to order several thousand copies of games. after filling the kickstarter orders, games will be for sale on my website and in game stores. the stretch goal cards will be available in all versions, since we love the new artwork too much to restrict them :). however, games that are sold after our kickstarter campaign ends will be more expensive, and won't offer free shipping.
@john, good question! there is no certain time in the game where people re-arrange their cards. however, there are many opportunities to do so, especially when people are passing cards during conspiracy, or when people are distracted on someone else's turn. the law basically means you can't switch your cards around during the night when people's eyes are closed, or put your cards under the table and move them around. players who get caught moving around their cards generally tend to arouse suspicion, since it looks like they're trying to hide something :)
@mark, i've added a picture of the buttons in "add-ons." if you add $4 to your pledge, i'll send you 8 buttons when the game ships. @sien thanks for the feedback :)
asking this question because a friend is on the fence on backing. will this game be coming to mass market printing, or will you self print after the kickstarter edition are sent out? if you are going to print for market will the kickstarter stretch goals be in the mass market edition? thanks for any answers.
i was reading the 6 laws of salem and number 5 says that a player is allowed to secretly rearrange their tryal cards as long as they are in plain sight of other players. so what i'm wondering is that is there a certain time during the game this can happen or can it be like if the player asks the moderator if they can rearrange their tryal cards and all the other players have to close their eyes?
i'm also for tokens and a more elegant way to play without a moderator instead of using an app :) excited for our progress so far!
what does the pinback buttons look like and can it be an add-on?
@michael, yup, almost there!! @lucas, testing is going well. we're still hammering out some kinks, but it's looking really good.
@travis how has the playtesting of the tokens been going?
we are so close to the redesign of the guide!
a lot of people are talking about the noise factor if they go to tokens. in my games of werewolf, we all use our not dominate hands to make a "heartbeat rapping clap" on the table or leg etc during the night. that way your dominate hand can shift tokens cards ect. another family "snores" but i don't recommend that one, it annoyed me; much like in real life. share this link so my friends can come to salem as well!
@jonah, it is similar to werewolf in the fact that if you are killed you are no longer in the game. however, it is much easier to avoid an early death through confession and the constable. also, it is very rare for a player to die before the deck has gone through a full time, since each player has 3-5 tryals. also, in the moderator-less version, the first player to die becomes the narrator, and so gets to remain involved in the game. great question!
so, is this elimination like werewolf? if you're killed early you sit around and do nothing?
@zombitten manufacturing will be in china, but there may be some assembly locally. i'll probably shoot out a message to people who are nearby and give them the option to pick up.
is manufacturing going to be local? the reason i ask is that i'm not opposed to driving to provo to pick it up myself if it means i get it a couple days sooner
@tye, great point. we'll make the best decision for the game, whether it be the tokens or the app. regardless, the $55k stretch goal solution will elegantly address the no-moderator issue. i really appreciate your feedback! i've thought of your points as well.
@michael, i really hope to have the game shipped by halloween. that would be perfect! we'll ship them as soon as they are ready, and we're really hoping that we can get them out early.
@xavier, good feedback! we're going to keep the hourglass though. a couple character abilities also use it. and i like the feel it as. if we really like the tokens, it's possible that we'll replace the app with the tokens if we hit our stretch goal.
regarding the app stretch goal, i personally don't like this compared to other options. settlers of catan was released in 1995. if we used software to complement it we'd all be looking for apple newtons (anyone remember those?)... mafia/ultimate werewolf was, what, late 80s? will the app be for idevices or android? windows? linux?  it is a stretch goal, i understand. but i think the tokens and other ideas are much more timeless and i don't have to worry about my platform of choice not being supported, going out of business,  or simply fading into technology obsolescence.
according to google translate, this is latin for "protect us from evil; bring us safely through the night.": salva nos a malo; commeatum nocte perducat.
hey, travis. do you think it'd be possible for the game to be mailed home in october instead of november? or is that a stretch? because i'd love to whip out the game on halloween. and i don't mean to rush or come off as pushy, just sincerely curious! thanks!
hi! do you usually use the hourglass? i'm asking that because i think that my group won't use it, we male a really preassure on slow people hehe. i'm just saying because maybe we could change it for the tokens for example, in that way things could compensate. and for the few who want a timer... they could use their mobile phone! let's continue rising more funds!
@christine that's what i read first as well :) awesome. currently, in my games without a moderator we've instructed people to keep tapping the table with their non-dominant hand, leaving one hand available to move stuff around. that has worked pretty well. but yeah, this is a rule that is certainly open for house rules. and @dave, when your groups do the chant, please send me a video and i'll put it up on our websites :)
reading @daves comment a little too quickly, i actually thought it said "bang their head on the centre of the table. now that is thematic ;-) fortunately, chanting is very easy to make your own house rules on.
as thematic as chanting might be, i really don't like that idea.
as for the noise issue, some people have suggested a chant. maybe get someone to translate "protect us from evil" into latin and have that be the phrase that is said 10 times or some such. it would be a short enough phrase for everyone to remember. alternatively, they keep saying it, and every time someone (witch, constable etc) is done swapping over tiles they bang their hand on the centre of the table. raises the tension and let's the next person know it's time for them to act. combined with creepy music that could be pretty awesome.
the blank tokens is a pretty elegant solution! i'm testing it this weekend, and looking at how they'd fit in the box/how much they increase the cost. i'll keep you guys posted!
i guess a skull and crossbones also works as a kill token image
i love the token idea! if you coat the face with felt, it should really muffle the sound of the tokens being placed. you could have a piece of black felt with, say, a red, bloody dagger or a doll with a pin it as the kill token and a black felt with a heart or cross as the save token. you could also encourage fidgeting or music during that phase, or have the players recite some chant while they sit with their eyes closed.
@lucas and @travis, i love the blank token idea!  i was trying to think of something along these lines earlier but what i was working on was way too clunky and basically not workable.  this is looks like a really elegant solution.  kudos.
i have never found noise to be a problem in onuw if all players drum on the table or something else as the rules encourage. also the background noise in the app for that game helps. but if players are worried about that aspect, they could always choose to play with a moderator instead of the tokens.
noise is always a problem with games that play with closed eyes. in nearly every game of mafia i play at least one person. is accused because someone claims the they heard them move during the mafia phase. this noise actually becomes a strategy that people purposefully move during the doctor phase to try to get the townspeople to believe that they are the doctor or police. noise levels should be naturally be reduced by the witches to reduce the chances of drawing attention to themselves. another option would be to encourage players to fidgit a bit during the closed eyes phases. i know one night ultimate werewolf encourages the players to make a bit of noise while eyes are closed to prevent the problem of noise.
and to clarify my comment below, the kill and save tokens would be played face down, to look like the other blank tokens. also, the kill and save tokens would sit in the middle, where the witches and constable could grab them. after each night round, players would each grab a blank token, and place the kill and save tokens back in the middle.
@lucas, i actually love the idea of everyone starting with a blank token, and then having the witches and then the constable replace tokens with a kill and save token. i love it. there's still the problem of noise, but besides that i haven't found a flaw yet. i love that it adds to the flavor/theme of the game. it also allows the witches to "kill" themselves, and then choose to confess before things are revealed. it also lets evil constables (constables who also have a witch card) throw off the scent by choosing to "save" a fellow witch and help clear their name. mmmmmm. wow. i'm going to playtest this idea tonight. if this works, it may be a more elegant solution than the moderator app.
by replacing a blank token, it would actually create new information. the witches play their kill token by replacing a player's blank token. following, the constable replaces a token with a save token. after everyone opens their eyes, the players will immediately know who was killed and who the constable tried to save. if no player flips a kill token, then it means the constable successfully saved someone. this actually fixes a huge problem i've always had with mafia in which a player is attacked and saved during the night and does not know it. players should have the information of who was attacked and/or saved.
haha! right? but if you wanted to do a token thing, could you have the constable pick first, then the witches place the token? that way you'd only need one token and the witches wouldn't know who the constable saves.
a simple way to do the token thing would be for everyone to have a blank token at the beginning of the round. then the players only have to replace a single token instead of placing one in front of everyone. this could cut down on time, too.
loving the sound of the moderator app! also... the artwork is to die for!! <3
@ed the only thing that could make that scene better is playing with someone with the last name "grimm." haha :)
super happy to see the pdf as an add-on! totally added it on! awesome! thanks! this might come out on a camp night near the campfire (not too close though ;-) ) instead of spooky stories! roasted hot dogs and witches! woot!
@christine @lucas @andrew great thoughts. it's been awesome hearing all of this feedback! as you may have seen, we've now made a stretch goal for a moderator-less app. the tokens are a great idea, which i'll keep thinking about. the main worry i have is that in placing all of those tokens it seems like it would be very easy to hear the witches/constable moving, since they'd basically have to get relatively close to everyone in the circle. one way to keep confession, is to have everyone who wants to confess raise their hand before eyes are opened. at that point, witches have already placed the hourglass on the town hall card they want to kill (see moderator guide in the faq), but nobody knows if they've been killed yet. then, if your arm is up when everyone opens their eyes, you flip over a tryal card. if the hourglass is on your town hall card, then you don't die. in games without a moderator, remember that the constable/spy/confession do start happening as soon as one person dies and becomes the moderator, which sometimes happens even before the first night. so the issue is usually only there for one night. we also felt this was a good way for the first dead person to stay involved in the game, as the moderator. i always hated being the first one killed in mafia.
i like the token idea. it does work quite well with one night ultimate werewolf. also, the moderator app is a solid idea for a game with limited moderating. these would make excellent stretch goals. consider this post a vote for both.
@andrew, thanks for commenting on my post. it would be 24 ekstra cards or tokens, and i guess that might be a problem. other games (for example one night ultimate werewolf) already have you placing things in front of people, switching cards around etc. i think it can be done without giving yourself away.
i quite like @christines idea, although this will mean an large amount of extra cards would be required. also, placing cards in front of people might give away who the witches are because you'll sense who is placing what in front of whom. the only other thing you could do is to have a moderator app, which i think someone mentioned before? but even that could complicate things, or give someone away!
this looks great. i love social deduction games, and this theme is perfect for those games. the box is fantastic, but i have to say that a cool box is not as important as being able to fit sleeved cards in the box. these games rely on not being able to tell the cards apart, so any markings or wear could ruin the game. regarding the no-moderator version: i think it is a shame, that the constable, spy and confession abilities are not used without a moderator (which i am guessing is the way most people will want to play). in response to an earlier question, you said that placing tokens/cards in front of the chosen players would not work, because everybody would know who was chosen as soon as they opened their eyes and saw the token. it seems to me that this could easily be solved by having a number of blank tokens. the witches or constable would then place the "kill" or "save" token face down in front of one player and blank tokens face down in front of all other players. everybody would have the same number of tokens in front of them when they opened their eyes, the constable would still have to guess, and confessing would still be an option. the tokens would then be revealed and the effects resolved. could this work?
excited to be a part of this kickstarter. congratulations on your success! the game looks awesome, and will go great with my home and work collection - was happy to see a double-copy of the game reward level :)
almost 30k!  so glad to see this is getting lots of momentum.  congrats!
@joshua, thanks! i have a feeling that utahns will love this :)
@ the hancocks i love this spin on mafia! i look forward to getting my friends and family together also.  - a fellow utahn
then the witches would be quite pleased with themselves, since right after night happens, the only two cards in the new deck will be conspiracy and night. if nobody chose to draw cards for a while, and instead played all the cards in their hand, they could delay the next conspiracy and night.
on the off-chance the discard pile is empty when the deck runs out during a 12 player game, what happens?
@urnmywy, it was a good question. i'll post the response here for everyone else: it's actually part of the game to manage the deck. since conspiracy and night are always discarded right away, the non-witches are incentivized to use their cards and get them in the discard pile. if they don't use them, then you're right, the deck will be very small, and night and conspiracy will happen often. the game was designed to be this way. it speeds up action and forces people to not sit on their cards. unless of course you're a witch, then you'd want the deck to run out quickly and for people to not play cards. that way nights happen quite often. deck management is another facet of the game since the good side wants the deck big, and the bad side wants the deck small when it's re-shuffled.
figures, you just responded to my message after i posted. :o)
@travis - makes sense.  since you're here moderating, i just sent you a message a few minutes ago regarding the small number of available playing cards in a 7-12 player game, which would require reshuffling the discard pile quite often.  any thoughts of increasing the number of playing cards? thanks!
@ed, good idea to have the pdfs as an add-on. i'll think about it tonight and let you know. and yes, we hope you'll play salem for many halloweens to come :) thanks!
@urnmywy, we've thought that through. that can't work, because of 2 reasons. during the night, the constable tries to save someone. when he opens his eyes and sees a token in front of someone, he'll know who to save. we want him to have to guess. second reason, is when everyone opens their eyes they have the chance to "confess", or flip over one of their own tryals in exchange for immunity from death. if they knew they weren't going to die (since the token wasn't in front of them), they obviously wouldn't confess. thanks for the feedback, though! let me know if that wasn't clear.
@creator - when the witches point out who dies or who is saved, won't everybody be told once they open their eyes?  if yes, then for the no moderator option, can't you just create some cards or tokens that the witch(es) would just place in front of the player?  thus, without having to say anything, the person will open their eyes to discover they've been selected due to the designated card or token sitting in front of them.  obviously, the witch(es) will need to be very, very quiet when placing the card/token.
the question was asked before about the pdf sent to backers who purchase the full game. if it's not in the cards (haha) to do this, would it be possible as an add-on? i would gladly fork over an extra $10 to play this before the game ships (of course it would be a great stretch goal as well)! thanks! this looks to become a halloween/friday the 13th go to in my gaming circles! thanks!
@eric @andrew @deanna, thanks for your excitement! and thank you for your feedback about the stretch goals. the last couple i've days i've gotten some great suggestions about what people want to see, and we've almost figured out which stretch goals we want to add. i'll keep you posted!
the moderator app is a wonderful idea! i hope with salem's success you'll be able to find the time and resources to bring the app to light. as a backer i can't wait to get this game in my hands with friends!
i do think upgrading the rule book and hourglass would help contribute to the feel that the box and cards create. a wood, or wood-effect hourglass would be amazing, as well as a rulebook printed to look like a newspaper of the time, perhaps? with burn effects and such? making the whole experience look the part would go a long way to suspending disbelief whilst playing! whatever the new stretch goals are though, i'm excited to hear them.
so what are the new stretch goal? i'm very excited to see this game go into print!
@advancestrat, bad luck for the witches. play continues normally, and usually one of the witch cards will get passed during conspiracy. but if one witch card is found, that person dies, and with them the other witch card. great question!
just thought of a question when going over the rules.  for games with 2 witch cards, what happens if by chance someone gets both witch cards?  does play continue normally?  if so, what happens if they still have both when one gets revealed?
@kyle, thanks for your input! i've been getting lots of feedback about this, and i'm racking my brain to see if it's something we want to include in the rulebook. glad you love salem! it's such a great game them, eh?!
hi rory. thanks for your comment! the demo video assumed that a narrator was standing by. straight from the rulebook, here is the information about the moderator-less version: optional: no moderator the player most familiar with the game of salem will instruct the opening and closing of eyes, but will keep his eyes closed unless he is a witch. at the beginning of the game (when black cat is laid), and during the night, the person instructing the opening and closing of eyes should count down from 20, giving witches time to place the hourglass near the victim’s town hall card to indicate their intended target. to make this easier for the witches, all players should put their town hall cards near the middle, and make noise, or turn on music, to mask obvious movement. the first player to die becomes the moderator and follows the normal instructions listed. the constable and spy have no power until the first player dies and becomes the moderator. confession also can not happen until a player has died and becomes the moderator.
i love salem history! proud to support your project! add me to the list hoping to see a variant for 2 players. i love the theme so much i wanna be able to play it as much as possible! :)
first off, i have read the description and it seems that this game is going to be an excellent one! i like how you have managed to make a seemingly better game than werewolves/mafia. looking through the videos and description, i may have found a flaw with the lack of moderator at the beginning of the game. as it plays right now, you can choose to play without a moderator until the first person is killed, in which they now become the moderator. but in your demo, you got to the first night without having had someone die yet. once the night is over and the witches decide who to kill and who is saved by the other player, who is the one to say who dies and who is saved? only the witches know who is killed, and there's no way they can let the villagers know without passively letting them know that they are, indeed, a witch. it seems that a moderator is absolutely needed in the game to be a non biased teller of events during the night.
@jay, no problem! i really appreciate the questions. @aleah, thanks :) @kevin, huzzah indeed!! new stretch goal coming soon!
third stretch goal reached! huzzah! woot, huzzah!!!
you may need some new stretch goals, haha! so fun to watch this project grow. can't wait to play with my friends and family.
@travis thanks for the clarification and especially for the follow up to david's question.  i can see you've extensively played and thought this out. i am excited to get my hands on this and can't wait to see how it will play for myself.
@andrew, correct. you are spot on!
@travis (regarding jay's question).  it seems like salem will have more available information than mafia/werewolf, less than bang!, and about as much as the resistance.  sound about right?
@david, excellent suggestion! we've actually considered this point very closely, and even thought about doing it just as you described with placing the tryal card in the middle and handing them back out randomly. however, we've found that the cards coming from the left adds some good elements.  1. it incentivizes the group to kill someone so that they can get information. if they kill someone who used to be a witch, it leads them closer to the witch card. it's like taking a step forward in the witch hunt. without the extra knowledge/logic this rule provides, we found that it became very very hard for the townspeople to win. you even find yourself killing different sides of the circle of players so that you can narrow in on the witches. 2. it makes you pay more attention to the people next to you. for example, a witch may want to keep the person to their right healthy and alive, in case they soon join the witch team. it also incentivizes people to watch which positions tryal cards are in, so they can decide which card they want to take from the person to their left, and track it across the circle.  3. by the time a witch without the witch card dies, usually there has already been more than one conspiracy. since you're hunting down the witch card, the witches to the dead witch's right begin a mind game of trying to throw the townspeople off the trail of the witch card, even to the point of making themselves look guilty to give the witch card more time. needless to say, we have tested this rule a lot :) and we like where it is. all that being said, we actually are adding the version that you mentioned of putting the tryal cards in the middle and re-distributing as an "advanced rule" that will be mentioned in the instruction book. that way, if people want an extra challenge (since it's harder to beat the witches doing it this way), they can play with this variation.
@kellan thanks for the feedback!
of course my suggestion would mean that the witches wouldn't know who was also a witch until the night, which could be thematically interpreted as that witch has just joined the coven.
one potential problem with the game is that the witch card will only ever be passed to the left. so if a player dies, who then reveals themselves to be a witch, and this doesn't end the game, the player to their immediate left will be placed under suspicion. while the passing the card mechanic is good, perhaps it needs to be randomised in some way. if, instead of the cards being taken into the deck of the player to the left, the player on the left selects one and places it into the centre, then these cards are shuffled and dealt back out to the players, either by the moderator or by the player with the black cat this would allow the game to move on and ensure that the witch card's movements were never predictable. in the demonstration game, if the first player to have been dealt the witch card had 'died' then by saying they were a witch, the real identity of the witch would have been immediately apparent. if the card had moved randomly, then all the remaining non-witch players would know is that a witch still remained out there. it's just a suggestion, i like the game and think it very interesting. but i do think the possible movement of the witch cards needs to be looked into, especially in games where their would only be one witch card on the table.
the card illustrations are too good to be boxed up like you have them in the current card layout. any reason you have them needlessly small in a boxed off grid a la magic? there are numerous other layouts that could be used to make the card art big and pop.
@andrew, thanks so much! still brainstorming on potential stretch goals. i probably won't add anything too significant, for the sake of not delaying the manufacturing. i appreciate your ideas!
had to back this as not only does it look amazing, it sounds like it'll play really well too! it seems like we'll reach the third stretch goal really easily. do you have any plans for more goals? will any of these involve upgrading components like the rules book or timer? congrats on a great and original game. can't wait to try it out!
@jay, great question! did you see the 'night' part of the video? in that stage the witches all see each other, and choose to eliminate someone. the witches also see each other when they place the black cat card at the beginning. a big part of the witches' advantage and deception comes from their extra knowledge about who each other are. the townspeople try to find the witches based on how people are acting, how people are treating each other (since the witches know each other), who they are playing cards on, whether witches themselves choose to confess, analyzing who was given the black cat and who was killed during the night and why, etc. also, since the first law of salem say that you can never play a card on yourself, the only way to play the game is with allies. you can't win the game without trusting someone else. so a lot of the game is about you individually choosing who to place your trust in. there's also an element of the shell game involved- if i am a witch, would i put my witch card closest to my neighbor or near the middle? did i move the tryal card from conspiracy to a new location in front of me or keep it in the same spot? ------ in mafia/werewolves the only data points you have are how people are acting. in salem, you have more data points to go off of, since you can analyze how people are acting, and what cards they are playing on who. there are more data points to go off of, and a hint of logic. hope that answered your question!
so this looks interesting and i love the resistance, but after watching the gameplay vid, i have a question. where is the witches' ability to sow discontent and deceive?  their play is no different than the non-witches and they can easily hide amongst the rest of the players, thus arousing little to no suspicion. maybe i haven't seen enough yet, but i'm missing where the deduction and accusatory portion of this comes through if it can't be weeded out through the witches' play.
sg idea: additional playing cards (blue, green, red, black cards).
thank you travis (about the avalon app)!  and that would be a pretty cool thing to have for this game too, though if you don't want to do it, i'm sure somebody will!  if it makes playing a game you enjoy easier, its absolutely worth it =d
love the sg ideas :) yeah, i'll make sure that the stretch goals never delay the project at all. i'm very determined to beat our delivery date. that's why i'm not doing anything too fluffy in the rewards so far, and why i've already got the manufacturers ready to go. just need to push go. i email them about every other day to keep them up to date and on board.
you could also just get headless cross by black sabbath. i think that one would fit the mood of the game
sg idea: downloadable soundtrack of salem-y music to have playing during the game
stretch goals are fine, but seconding what kevin said.  just don't go overboard with them.  backed a project back in 2012 that did so amazingly well it had about 30 stretch goals to it?  he's still working on them all. granted, i have no doubt he'll be able to do it, and has been doing a good job in getting everything done, but the point is it's very easy to take on more then you realize if you're not careful.
congratulations on reaching the second stretch goal! i wouldn't be surprised if number three is reached within the next two or three days. i may get pilloried for saying this, but i'd say don't get too crazy with stretch goals. i mean, they're great, and you can do whatever you want, but i would personally rather have this awesome game on time than have a bunch of trinkets that slow everything down. that's just my two cents, though.
@terry in retrospect that is my one regret :) @andrew, i know! looks like i may have to come up with some new stretch goals since the original ones were too low. good problem to have :) @kevin, i was not planning on sending out a pdf to all backers, but i'll consider it. awesome avalon app! i love that game. i'm actually thinking about making a moderator app for salem, to simplify the game when people don't want a moderator.
hi travis, i look forward to this project! i am a bit disappointed though that the two of you did not do your video in puritan costumes :)
those stretch goals just keep getting knocked out it seems :)
hey travis, this game looks fantastic!  just out of curiosity, will the pdf of cards be made available to those who did higher backing amounts?  i love games like this so i'm super excited to see how it plays =) (resistance avalon is my favorite so far, and if you have an android phone, check out my app "avalon narrator" for the setup!)
that would be absolutely amazing! thank you!
reminds me of a game called inquisitio. love the box in this.
@rabecca and @bill, thanks so much! i really appreciate your help! @alexandra, thank you! currently, there isn't a 2-player variation, since it would change the nature of the game quite a bit. however, i've received a couple of other requests about this, so i'm racking my brain to come up with something. it will probably be a simpler form of the game that i'll include in the rulebook. thanks for the feedback!
what a great game! and i love that it is hidden in a book! is there any possible variation to play with only 2 players?
this sounds really fun!!! i never thought i would see a game like this i absolutely love the artwork style and the fact that it looks like a book!!! proud to contribute!!!
very excited and proud to be backing this game!  congratulations!  :-)
thanks urutsini! i'll check out bloodhound. we're excited to hear what you think of salem! in terms of "bad witches," we've looked at it more as people doing anything they can to defend themselves, even ratting out and taking out other people. we're trying to capture the insanity that existed in salem at the time.
love the look of this game. aside from the obvious comparisons to the werewolf/mafia family, it also reminds me of another one i played recently called bloodbound. looking forward to trying this. i'm a little disappointed that it perpetuates the notion of "bad witches" but understand that the theme fits.
@darren, gameplay video coming soon! hopefully tomorrow night will be up. @sien, the black cat card can be moved by other cards later in the game, so meeple won't work. good idea though! i do have some expansions in mind, but they aren't developed enough to launch. possibly future ks projects in those.
@travis a gameplay video will be helpful.. cheers
mini-expansions would be nice if you guys had something in mind, although if you don't, then please don't feel pressured to push something out. for other stretch goals, i think a little black cat meeple (wooden) to replace the 'black cat  card' for the starting player, would be nice :) it's a little harder suggesting stretch goals without a clear idea of what cards are available tho. and yes, i would like to emphasize that being able to sleeve the cards and store them in the bookbox would be nice :)
huzzah indeed!
we've reached the first stretch goal! huzzah!
@alexandre, that sounds like the absolute perfect place to play salem. @blake, it's true. ashley will always be a witch! @ethan, thanks for playing with us! you guys helped inspire some of the final touches. @hasnul, the cards are probably a bit too snug in the box to be sleeved. but, you could turn the cards vertical and still fit most of the deck in one stack in the box.
my wife and i played this game with the creators last week and it was a blast! it was seriously so much fun and full of intrigue. they really do have everything lined up for a great product launch and i can't wait to get my hands on this game to play it again!
@julia, the game is quite different. in fact, we weren't even aware of the other game called salem until the mechanics, and design were already complete. therefore, they developed completely independent of each other, and so our game can be compared to any other game out there just the same. all will have similarities and differences. in terms of the name, salem is a fairly common city name, just as the witch trials are a popular theme to use. so we felt good about moving forward. thanks for the question!
can you clarify how this this is not this game, without a board? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/632512774/salem-an-innovative-new-strategy-board-game… at the very least, i doubt you can use the same name for your game. thanks
will sleeved card fits inside the box ?
really looking forward to play this game at our next (or next next, or next next next) cabin-in-the-wood weekend getaway with friends.
plastic cards will eventually crack, and be careful about sleeves if you never plan on taking the cards out. i had some mtg cards get ruined because they sat in sleeves for a long time and the art stuck to the sleeves and got pulled off the cards.
@travis why not make as stretch goal for this ks campaign? :))) i assure you that more people would be interested about this matter. i remember "the agent - cardgame" ks campaign had the same thing.  even today people are thankful (myself included) for that. i heavily recommend to think about this and other potential stretch goals (expansions, extra cards, playmats etc.).
love deduction games and bluffing. glad to be onboard and congrats on funding! :-)
@marko, the cards are pretty sturdy. you can see a the quality in the cards at the 0:50 mark in the video with the judge card. but you bring up a good point. perhaps in future editions i'll use plastic cards. @andrew, yeah, that's what we were going for. whenever i'd play mafia it made me so sad that the people who got out right away didn't get to play :( in salem, everyone is pretty much guaranteed to be alive for at least a while, so they have a fighting chance.
i'm excited to see this kickstarter take off.  woot woot.
@travis, sounds great.  i like the idea of the first person out becoming the moderator.  that's a nice way to keep everyone involved in the game for, at least, most of it.
hi, awesome concept. @travis: have you ever tought about making the cards plastic or more proof to damage and water? since it is a party game, it would be a shame if the cards got destroyed by accident and/or usage (spilling beer is the most common problem).
thanks for your comment, sien! because of yours, and the previous suggestions, i've added a note about the moderator under the "rules" section. when placing the cards horizontally in the book, there is probably not quite enough room to add sleeves. the cards are being made in the highest-quality grain (310 gsm), however, so they should last a good long time. i'll test them with a sleeve and see what i can figure out. glad you like the book case!
nice, travis, you might want put the question of 'do you have a moderator' in the faq, since that was also in my mind when i read through the write-up in 'story'. looking forward to this, really like the packaging (a book!!) and also the unique mechanism in a social deduction game. can i check if the box/book is big enough to take all the cards even when sleeved? i foresee the cards getting a lot of wear and tear if we're playing them on each other, or needing to shuffle the discard pile etc.
travis, ashley is totally a witch. now, to find 2 people who are willing to be our friends so we'll actually be able to play this...
hi andrew! loved your comment. social deduction games are my favorite too (obviously)! we tried to take the best aspects of some of the other ones we love and put them into this one, and "right some wrongs" from the other ones. in terms of the moderator, this game can be played both ways, with or without a moderator. you are correct that the moderator plays a small role when there is one, mostly during the night. although the moderator is also instructed to maintain order, operate the hourglass, and enforce the 6 laws of salem. in the no-moderator version, the first player who dies becomes the moderator, and before the first death there are ways around using the moderator. so, if someone in the group doesn't want to play, they can moderate. if everyone wants to play, not a problem! all is described completely in the rulebook. let me know if you'd like to know any more specifics!
i find that i am often very hesitant to pull the trigger on backing a game until several weeks into the campaign and i've seen more discussion about it etc.  this game looks way too good to wait though.  i love social deduction games (werewolf, bang!, and resistance being some favorites), and i am very intrigued by the unique elements in this game. i'd really like to know more about how the moderator works in this game.  it seems like the moderator has a very minimal role and basically only is relevant during the occasional nightfall.
no problem! i gather you are a friend of a friend. it's like they say, a friend of a friend is a friend!
thanks kevin! the book package is my favorite thing, too. thank you for spreading the word, we really appreciate it!
this sounds awesome! i love the book idea, and the deception concept. i'm going to tell my friends about this one (including the kitten corps)!
show us some gameplay :d
great project! beautiful designs and fun concept.
thanks hometown boy! the packaging has been our favorite part. helps it feel a bit more epic.
i think it is awesome that you disguise the packaging as an old worn out leather book, everything looks great. the people on each card shows that you put your heart in this.
lol, interview with the vampire soundtrack in the video.
hey mike!
thanks mike! yeah, that was really important to us to do it in the book. felt like it really made the game an experience. thanks for the support!!
i love the idea of it being hidden inside of a book. i'll fund it just for that bit of awesomeness.
