good to hear all going to plan; recently got some download info for the film - tried to do this but  as my computer kept telling me it would take one whole day to do - actually impossible! i am in spain and unfortunately internet technology - at least with the server i have - not up to speed!  would it be possible to have a hard copy by mail when all topped and tailed, music wise? congratulations on your  nuptials, turner. best. lisa
i just got my survey and filled it out. yeah!
hey backers! turner ross himself is coordinating the doling out of the prizes, but a little thing has happened that has put a slight delay in his schedule -- he's getting married!!! despite this joyous fact, all prizes should come in a matter of weeks. thanks for your patience.
haven't heard anything either,  the updates page says "july", so i expected to hear something by now.
should we have received the digital download yet? i don't think i've gotten any notification about it, but i'm not sure. also i don't recall getting a survey. did i miss it?
i agree with ken, wondering what the latest is, no post since april.
hej, its been almost three month now? could you post an update?
congrats fellas! all the best..xoms charm taylor of the honorable south
junior brisco is dreaming of jameson ;-) and i believe that completes the sinclair full house.
for the love of christ.  eat some food!
not nearly enough movies or documentaries are set in new orleans, i think. so i'm looking forward to this a lot.
congrats on all of your success!!  hope everything is going well!!!
here's to another round, junior brisco.
im guessing junior briscoe is a drink ;) either that or someone amazing that a drink should be named after.......
moss don't run no 40. junior briscoe
paul f'in densmore. junior brisco.
o junior brisco. dare i challenge with some handstand shots?
we didn't know who junior brisco was but our nofs intern hypothesized that he's a football player???? but we don't know a bloody thing about football.
feel free to throw one back for the thompson family in durham.  missing you this weekend at the full frame.  a good ol' family style fb pic...throwing back some homemade wine or some homemade kombucha...would be great!
did i mention junior brisco and thirsty thursday?
jesus christ - ipad auto correction....i guess you know what i mean ;-)
let's go gentlemen! jägermeister or at least dome german beer for je ;-)
our donation was going to be less but one night in a dream what seemed to be the spirit of jr. brisco came to me and told us it should be more.  the next morning my back hurt.
and you.....you are not worthy to be my son!
so happy to support this project!!!
happy to contribute to such a worthy project!  good luck with the rest of the process!
congrats guys! excited to see the film..
i cant wait to see the film, good luck guys!
finally have some money to give to this most worthy jam-cause.
good luck guys!   :-)
great to see you're reaching the target! i look hungry!
i'll take some of that orleans food knowledge. do...i look hungry!? yes i do. don't fail me men. congrats on everything!
i am have hear rave reviews about dan's work with beasts.. good luck!
posted to my fb page hoping to reach out to the san antonio artist support community... pulling for you!!  we love nola and connect with the music!
hi,  i've met you guys a few times.  i am friends with doc, dumpster, emos and the 419 in ohio.  you guys do amazing work in film.  i look forward to following your future projects.  good luck!
great project! i miss mudbugs and blues here in hawaii. best of luck!
really looking forward to seeing this one. i just sent a little backing $ to help with the great music. nice to see algiers representin'. i work down the street at that "big building on opelousas" that just went up last year so maybe i'll run into you guys in the neighborhood.
this was definitely my favorite film of the sxsw film festival and it would be a crime for it not to have any wider release than that.
atta boys!
we loved 45365 and look forward to many more films from you.  maybe one day they'll be showing your films over here in se asia!!  good luck from all the sinclairs  - ny, philly, denver, and malaysia!!
45365 is one of the best movies i've seen over five-plus years of attending the london film festival - plus you guys melted my heart by taking a picture of all of us audience members during the q&a (to show your mom if i recall correctly). best of luck with the kickstarter campaign. fingers crossed i'll get to see you in london again.
