oh, how embarrassing, i thought i'd pledged more than i did. never mind! :-d
hi, i never received my book. what happened?
quick update on my issue to anyone reading this, i have received a response from aperture foundation, and they have provided a reasonable answer to the delay in response and a solution to my issue. thanks :-)
i have contacted richard for a refund as i have not received any of my rewards. he is not responding to my emails, and is refusing to issue a refund. can someone help me out please. i have backed dozens of projects on here, but i have never had this experience before.
i haven't received my books, and i haven't received any responses from richard. can someone help me out in contacting richard?
i just received my book richard. thank you! it is a beautiful piece and very touching. the quote in the front is amazing! i am looking at people with fresh eyes.
received my book here in denmark, even though it stated that it would arrive in may. a great job handling the kickstarter, and i really appreciate the book which i will use as a birthday gift to a loved one. thanks for a job very well done.
i just received my book.  it is beautiful!  thank you richard renaldi.  i will treasure this book always.
when is this project going to finally be complete?
geoffrey is right, i find it very unusual that it takes that long for such a successful funded project.  i though i'm the only one who didn't received any messages regarding this publication!
any idea when the book will be published/ship?
totally agree with amy, i could watch this all day too! if you could videotape at least some of the process would be amazing (:
just wondering, from the photos i've seen, why are there no smiles...looking for happy
the photograph of the basketball guy on his knees beside the little lady brought tears to my eyes, and as i write about it, tears once again.  what a beautiful work richard renaldi is doing by making and publishing these photographs with aperture foundation.  i am so looking forward to receiving my copy of the book.
i had tears in my eyes watching the video... what a beautiful idea and gorgeous photography. i absolutely love it and wish you could videotape the whole process as well because i could watch you doing this all day :)   i can't wait to buy a copy when it's ready!
what an inspiration you are to me.   -marc www.whoareyounewyork.tumblr.com
just remember who was first to lay out 1500 .....sb cooper great news on the response
