i haven't received the solsource, please contact me
just a brief update: grill kits should be arriving at your door now, if you have not already received them last week. feel free to send us a direct message and get in touch if you do not have your ups tracking numbers sent by email in march. hope you enjoy grilling with the sun! scot
hello everyone! we expect the grill kits to land in la in the coming 1-2 days. from there, they will be given to ups and your tracking numbers should "activate". allow a few more days and they should arrive at your door. hope you're getting excited like we are :) -- scot
an chance of an update on anticipated shipping times for us residents (texas) on the grill kit? will be going to a disaster/prepping event in texas the weekend of april 11-13 & it'd be great to have the kit to show off with the cooker.
sorry in looking back at the original email i do see mention of april. overall it is a bit confusing determining the actual ship date. generally when you receive a tracking label it means that the package is imminently shipping and that's where the confusion lies.  it is my hope that ups does not cancel the shipping label in the meantime.  anyway thanks for clarifying the actual situation.  much appreciated.
hey craig, in the message we sent out to you and grill kit backers on march 7, we said you will be receiving it at the beginning of april. we still expect this to be correct; the ups labels were created before the shipping container left china. the grill kits are still on the container and once they reach land, we'll let you know! that's also when ups will "receive" the parcels for the respective labels. - scot
has anybody received their grill kits yet? this is not the solar cooker, but the second package with the grill pan, grill cover, and apron.  i am using the tracking number from the third email that was sent out for the grill kit via winsys logistics. the tracking number says that it was due to be shipped out on march 6, but ups has yet to receive any parcels for that shipping label.
@griffin, that's great to hear that it arrived okay, even though a few nuts & bolts wandered around. @tman, we can send your tracking info if you get in touch with us directly. please send us a message!
hi, do you know when i can expect shipping information ? do you give an number for tracking? it's a no us packages by the way. thanks
my solsource finally got here yesterday after being shipped by courier from the us to chile, and today i put it together and cooked food! the nuts and bolts had escaped their bag in transit, but luckily i didn't lose any, and everything was in good shape. after steaming broccoli and grilling chicken and then vegetables, i realized i forgot to take off the protective film on the mirrors! i may have to get one of those grill pans, mine doesn't distribute heat very well. still i'm very happy with my first attempt.
hi tman, your solsource along with others in europe are just going through customs now in the uk. once it clears customs and ships, we will let you know! scot
hi,  do you know when  i can expect shipping information ? it's a no us packages by the way.
daniel, happy to hear you received it! we wanted to make sure it arrived safely at your door, and thus required signature upon delivery. look forward to hearing what you cook up next! scot
got mine monday. 3rd attempt at delivery. wasn't home to sign the first to attempts. sun came out for about an hour yesterday. was able to set it up and burn some paper. can't wait to be able to cook something.
tim, we recently posted update #17 where we shared the latest on the grill plate - it and the cover will be in production soon. chinese new year is just around the corner, meaning production timelines are tentative. at this moment, our hope is production will be done by early february and shipping to you soon after. we'll continue to update our kickstarter backers through this "blog" but are now transitioning to a mailing list system that will keep you better informed. stay tuned! scot
arrived today!  when should we expect the grill pans, covers and aprons? cheers
hi everyone! to obtain a timely response to individual inquiries and questions, please submit a support request via our website http://www.oneearthdesigns.com instead. we aren't notified when you post here on kickstarter, thus our response will be delayed. @diane - ups's system will have some information delay but as you note, they still seem backlogged from holiday deliveries. all of the us packages have been picked up from the warehouse, so they are in ups's hands now! @shantanu - you were sent an email on december 30th by ups's system to your yahoo email account. entering in the tracking number on the ups website i see your package is scheduled for delivery on thursday! keep us posted when you receive it and visit our website for the new setup videos and how-to's! scot
hi, do you know when we can expect shipping information?
update to previous comment: late last night (jan 3) i received a tracking update saying delivery is rescheduled for tuesday, and now the ups tracker shows a location for the package, so i think it's actually on its way!
i received a ups tracking number on dec 30, saying delivery is expected on jan 3 (today) and requires a signature for the 46-pound package. clicking on the tracking link supplied gives the message from ups: "a ups shipping label has been created. once the shipment arrives at our facility, the tracking status will be updated." are the units still awaiting shipment or should i stay home today to sign for the package when it's delivered? color me confused. :-)
when are you going to provide the tracking numbers??  we are a few days to finish december and i have not received mine. thanks.
we hope to have usps tracking numbers for the solsources that are going out this week in the us. we should be able to provide a window of a few days for when yours will arrive, which we will share with you once we know it. please continue to watch your kickstarter inbox and read our public updates that have been going out over the past few weeks. thanks everyone! scot
following on to daniel norman's question, will we be sent tracking numbers so we can know when such a large item will be delivered? it is unfortunately a problem in many areas that packages left at doorsteps are stolen, so it will be important to know when to expect the delivery. thank you!
what delivery method is going to be used once the solsources are stateside? it being so near the holidays, i'm sure i'm not the only one worried about deliveries being made while people are out of town. i know ups will hold a package with a tracking number (for a $5 fee), so if we know when-ish and how they are going to be delivered we can plan accordingly.
hi could you share how supporters requesting delivery in hk will receive our solsources?
hi!  any update on the shipping?  the last update was on october 30th...based on what you mentioned on the update, the solsource should be here in the us by now...are you going to provide with tracking #'s?
any time table for the shipping?  i was hoping for columbus day, then early november.
no worries scott, & thanks for the quick reply!  i totally agree on performance & durability trumping aesthetics & appreciate your unwillingness to compromise those criteria. your issue with the ed process reminds me of the line henry ford used when offering the model t... "any color you want as long as it's black!" at least i can stop scratching my head now... :)
@over the edge: thanks for the questions! in our update #10 on october 7 we mentioned that electrophoretic deposition would be used to protect the metal parts. this ed coating is much more durable than powder coating, which we had used in the past and was colored blue. our priority is performance and durability, not aesthetics. as a result of the choice to use ed coating, which we believe to be the best option available, our color choices are narrowed to black, or black :)  in our experience, we haven't noticed any significantly hotter metal temperatures as a result of the color. we also tested in southern utah during the summer and had no troubles with temperature. for those who have seen it in person, they say they prefer the color black as well!  -- scot
going back over the updates, i just realized the frame color had been changed to black! tho it was never a problem in alaska, living in texas quickly teaches one that for much of the year, it's not a very good idea to touch anything dark colored objects with your bare hand (or bare anything else)... and now i'm wondering how just practical it's going to be to assemble this thing in full sun. disassembly & packing things away after a good soak in the sun should be even more challenging. fwiw, i thought the blue looked just fine as it was, but i can't imagine black being included on any wish list i may have ever had for alternate colors on a "solar" cooker. is it possible to get some feedback on the reasoning behind this color change?
@daniel: we switched web hosts recently but the site was only down for less than a day due to old dns caches. are you able to access the website?  @alejandro: we are pushing as hard as we can on the factories to move everything along. we'll keep you posted on timing as we have it. this week is a holiday in china so all the factories are closed, causing anyone working in china a bit of delay, in addition to the upcoming holiday season! thanks everyone, scot
it may have been down, but looks like they are back and the site has been updated.  it looks like they are taking orders.
has anyone else noticed that the one earth designs website has been down for the last few weeks? or is it just me?
any update on the shipping?
@steve coast: thanks for your patience - we have a few updates coming your way soon! scot
it's been a month without an update... :-)
stephen, thanks for your trouble shooting! i still want you to get what you deserve and fulfill our promise to you as best as possible. the usb keys contain footage to-date, but i expect some of the most fun footage is yet to come during packing, shipping, etc. you'll have access to both sets. thanks again for your support and have a good night, as well!
no worries scot.  when i described the envelope to the person i spoke with, and explained that it looked like the postage had been printed right at the post office, he thought that the postal workers there should have caught that the envelope wouldn't work well.  there's no need to go through the extra expense to send me another usb key, but i would like to be able to see the bloopers/footage, etc. that would have been on it if that is possible.  have a great night!
stephen, we're sorry to hear this. if anyone else has received theirs, please contact us directly. i personally mailed these rewards myself and chose this envelope because the usb keys are very durable and hardy, and mailing them this way has been successful before. in addition, the extra weight, material, and especially plastic of a padded envelope or a box was not an environmentally-friendly choice for shipping, which was a high priority. further, we checked with two post office workers and both approved our mailing and packaging. rest assured we will get yours to you, but this time it may need to be sent from hong kong. thanks for getting in touch!  scot
*update*  i have contacted the postal service, who advised that the #10 envelope in which the usb drive was mailed was not appropriate packaging.  as this type of package is processed by machines, and not by people, it is likely that the usb drive was ripped out of the envelope during processing.
*please be aware*: i received the ~envelope~ today, mailed from holladay, utah, which should have contained the usb drive for the $20 pledge.  the envelope arrived in a sealed plastic container from the postal service indicating that they regretted the damage - so they sent the ~empty~ envelope right along.  the usb drive had been stolen out of the envelope.  just wanted to let you know, as this has the potential to be a problem.
how can i select my pledge amount to see what i've pledged? i remember increasing my pledge amount for some unlisted rewards but don't see a way to track that.
gregory - thanks for the idea! sometimes misinterpretation and serendipity provide the perfect fodder for invention! this is something we are indeed working on and if you'd like to talk about it more, don't hesitate to get in touch via our contact form or somehow share your contact details with us. sunny regards, scot
i often explore misunderstandings for serendipity. just now, i misinterpreted a backer's request for tracking info. i encourage you to make a solar tracker for solsource!
thank you, all, for your energy and support! we are overwhelmed by this community... and can't wait to keep it goin' and growing! check out the update we just posted and stay tuned as we roll forward. next week we place the order with the factories...! -- scot
whoo hoo...i get a grill plate hood and solar alingment tool also.  congrates to all.
huzzah!  congratulations!
ok, so i am jumping on board at the end of the kickstarter campaign but i am so excited. i have been researching solar cookers for the last two weeks and really believe that this parabolic cooker design is an improvement to all the others that i found. i can't wait to share this with my friends.
thanks for your pledge becky! we will really appreciate your support, and will definitely everyone know when the electric generator is ready.
i just found this ks at the and jumped right in.  happy not to have missed out on this great solar cooker!  please put me on the list for those who are interested in the solar electrical generator.  if you run a ks for it, an update in this project would be a nice way of giving all your current backers a heads up.  :)
hey thanks over the edge gear! we're thrilled too about all of the followers solsource has garnered in such a short period of time...
congratulations solsource peeps on breaking $100k!  here's to finishing strong!!!
alex - thanks for backing us! we will keep you updated on manufacturing progress, tracking info, etc. as we have details to share. heidi - backing us on kickstarter is the quickest way to get solsource. we're a small company and without our backers, we wouldn't be able to setup the manufacturing process or ship in bulk (both economical and environmentally friendly) to you. rest assured we're going as fast as we can. thanks for your enthusiasm!
i am officially a pledger, how do order one for myself for $249.00 now!!!
can't wait for october to start cooking with the sun!  great idea!!  are you plannig to send an e-mail with the tracking info once get's shipped? alex
thanks, jacobi! i'll send you a link to the signup form now. -- scot
beta testing in my future would be very lovely! very lovely indeed   :)
chuck - no problem! kickstarter is new to us and keeps changing anyway! we got your contact info and will follow-up when we have more info to share about the solar electric generator. out of curiosity, will you be at burning man, by chance? we may have a cool demo to share :)
scot - glad to hear it. i'm fairly new to kickstarter so i need a little guidance about the private messaging. do i just use your "contact me" link?
hi chuck, we're excited to hear, thank you! can you please send us a private message with your contact information so that we may follow-up? -- scot
i would be very interested in being a beta tester for the solar electric generator. i'm very excited about this new solar cooker as an addition to my back up plan for emergencies.
fun video!  those of you in the know know what i'm talking about. : )  good job!
sorry for the delay! just returned from summit outside where we were invited to demo solsource and cook for more than 850 people! photos coming soon. jeff: in short, from our extensive use and in-lab testing, we've never had any problem with spilled liquids, oils, foods, etc. on the reflective surface. even hot oil doesn't affect the reflector as the outer protective layer has a higher melting temperature, in addition to being impact- and scratch-resistant. michael: right-on! we are psyched about the increasing ability for solsource to be a household power plant, freeing us from polluting and non-renewable energy sources. at the moment, our solar electric generator is still under active development and field testing on the himalayan plateau by one earth team member (electric) dan. at a later date we may try to run another kickstarter for the solar electric generator, if people express enough interest, then you'll be able to upgrade to the added functionality. in the meantime, get in touch if you have interest to be a beta tester!
any chance of including the electric generator listed on your website as a higher funding pledge? would so love to get that too - not only grilling, but harnessing the energy to power electronics, etc.  !!! please say yes :)
one little technical question. searing and frying tend to produce a fair amount of splattering. how well does your reflective material hold up to the inevitable superheated droplets dripping all over the surface ?
hi lia!  awesome! we're excited and appreciative that you have backed us. thank you! we'll be posting more about the grill kit soon. in the meantime, let me quell your fears: we don't like teflon anymore than the next person! over the past few weeks we've been running some interesting in-lab and in-backyard tests on various grill pan options, from enamel to steel. so far, the winner has been cast iron. we've liked it for many reasons, including health, versatility, and long-life. i can't wait to compile our photos and test results to share with you all, and get your feedback, too! truth be told, all this cooking (and eating!) of cornbread, rib-eye steak, and vegi skewers on the solsource over the past few weeks has gained me a few pounds ;) sunny regards, scot
hi!! this is so great!! i also would love more info on the grill kit, i'm sure you're working on it. i was wondering if the pan was teflon? can i use a different pan, like my steel professional all clad pans? i do not use teflon. i'm so excited about this!!!
and scot! :) looking forward to the updates and info on the grill kit and more!
ty eric!  :)
eric,  well, you could say we've done more than a few years of research and testing :) we even tried working with some big mylar producers but they weren't able to solve the uv stabilization issues. so, we had to solve it ourselves by creating a new 3d formable, highly reflective material. we hope you'll see solsource as a start or continuation of energy independence. as you begin using your solsource we hope to hear your ideas on how it can be changed or improved, what your favorite recipes are, and how we can work together to make it even better! wouldn't it be cool to hack it to brew coffee in the morning?? makers, align! - scot
i was always going to build one of these out of mylar, but i never considered the uv damage to the plastic; you guys have definitely done your homework! burn bans are pretty common in the western us during wildfire season; a definite additional perk. cant wait to try it out on some pancakes and burgers. perhaps with a compass and a little azimuth planning you could have solsource wake you up to some camp coffee ;-)
hi jackalgirl - you bet! we're happy to accommodate a mix + match of rewards for our kickstarter bakers. feel free to increase your reward level with the respective increment. can't wait to show you what we've just grilled up this morning :) - scot
hi, scot -- one extra request: would you consider add-ons?  such as, i add $x to my pledge for an apron?  (that is, if i don't want to upgrade to the $349 level after you've released your update.)  or give people the option to add-on their pledge for, say, the usb drive (or a combo of usb drive + apron)?
hey everyone, thanks for your comments! we've been away and off-grid this past week in jackson, wy using solsource all over and know we're getting back into the digital life. we'll be sharing a few awesome updates with photos soon! hang tight, and thanks for your support! and, @jacobi we sent a thank-you via private message right after we reached the goal but will be publishing a more formal thanks later this week ;) sorry for the delay!  - scot
hello? anybody out there?
howdy -- i'm with jacobi.  i'd also like to make an informed decision regarding the grill kit.  an update about the grill kit upgrade would be most awesome. : )
can you be a little more descriptive,maybe pictures, about the grill kit?  i would like to know more so i can make an informed decision on whether or not to upgrade. thank you very much. oh and im kinda curious why no updates? maybe just to say thanks to the backers for making the goal would be nice. :)
congrates on reaching your goal!!!! cant wait to recieve mine. you rock!!! gordon "solar homer simpson" bishoff
hey mark - thanks for your compliment! we have two patents on the design and one on the reflective material which is a reflective polymer we developed in-house. it's more than 90% reflective, 3d formable, and should last for 10+ years according to accelerated weathering and use tests. by comparison, a pet mylar film is not 3d formable and starts at 60% and degrades quickly due to uv destabilization. in practice, mylar would only last a few months and take a long time to cook or boil! feel free to get in touch if you have any other questions! scot
hi guys.  has your patent published yet?  just curious to see what your special technology is.  i worked a lot on solar energy as an engineering student.
forget cooking with gas, soon we'll be cooking with daylight! ;) i have wanted a solar cooker for a long time, but this is the first design i've seen that i believe i will use regularly. i love grilled food, but i always feel guilty using a lot of energy to cook it, plus i hate the smoke from charcoal grills. and i'm too lazy to keep a gas grill tank filled regularly. when it's cloudy i'm not going to want to cook outside so much anyway. and this will just fit on my apartment balcony. i'm looking forward to october!
sultan saleh al-salem, we are working with our shipping partners to find a range of bulk and individual costs for various locations. this is done one-by-one, so if anyone has not contacted us please do so individually (at the bottom of our main page) to inquire. thanks!
i live in qatar. how much the shipping cost
hey scot, the reason that you're getting a lot of interest from us aussies is probably because of the fire-ban situations we often face in summer. that and we'd all like to be a bit greener! look forwards to seeing how far our project goes!  josh www.apocalypseequipped.com
hi chris! thanks for your interest! we've received an overwhelming number of inquiries from friends in australia. instead of shipping one-by-one, we're trying to reach a half- or full-container shipment to australia, which will be much more economical but we still need more backers. send us your contact details separately, and pass on the word to others! sunny regards, scot
hi oed, i love the idea, solar charged food!! i live in australia, what would be the associated shipping costs?
