hi duncan, we had a different email for you but will get in touch with you now to learn where we should ship! thank you, tommy
hello piper - still not received the two kits that i ordered - can i please have an update thank you duncan
hi norm, we've been trying to contact you!  we never received your shipping address.  sending you an email now. tommy
i have not received my piper. could u please send it. thanks, norm s.
hi rebecca!  please email hi@withpiper.com and we can sort it out asap. thanks!
we have missing parts in our box. where do i send an email detailing the parts we need sent to us?
received my piper here in uk looks amazing, thanks worth the wait
hi chris, the best way to contact us is hi@withpiper.com.  yes we shipped your unit from hong kong so i'm fairly certain that package will be your piper.
i've asked before, will we get email confirmation about shipping?  and who are you using to send the pipers? i'm a uk backer,i've had a few emails from a courier company saying i need to pay taxes on a item from hong kong, this might be the piper but i need confirmation and proof who's sending it before i would pay customs tax
yes ! i received my piper yesterday in france ! thank you ! you have made a very good job !  :) it was worth it to wait a bit !  ;)  i'll work on it this weekend ! big thanks team piper !  :)
i just got my piper here in germany.
this is very good news and i am looking forward to putting this into my grandson's hands.  i also want to make a comment about how the piper team handled the adversity of the late shipment. credit has to be given where it is due and credit is most certainly due to the piper team. i was harsh in my criticism about this delay because i have been burned by a variety of notorious kickstarter failures. none of those teams fessed up nor did they confront the issue and reach out to their backers in a positive way. in fact those other projects either scammed for more money, hid behind an attorney's statement or simply disappeared. it left a very bad taste in my mouth for technology based kickstarters to the point where i no longer back them, even if the idea is attractive and interesting to me. then came team piper. you were late and you took it upon yourselves to stand up and confront the issue head on all the while demonstrating care and respect for your backers. you sent a personal note, you kept information flowing that was not laced with caveats and you resolved the issue in a somewhat timely matter. that tells me you have what it takes to succeed in this and future endeavors. you showed us character, tenacity and honesty. there is little else that can be asked or expected from someone with which we form partnerships, businesses or otherwise pass along responsibility for them to shoulder and perform against. so thank you team piper. success is a process of over coming a series of failures and unexpected events. i am certain this experience will serve you and many will benefit from your work as a result of this. well done.
my comment is simple. the point now is that i was slotted for april delivery and it is toward late may now and no delivery. please discuss.
twitter..i see. so i should be enjoying my non april delivery virtually i guess. lol. be up front. you have nothing to ship or you would have shipped it.
hi piper ! i am the baker n° 634 i had backed the bring your own pi tier !  the delivery was planned for december ! but i still received nothing !  :(
hi, i backed this project with the piper computer as a reward, and bought another one thereafter. when will my nephews get their two pipers? thanks, matt
hi john, we are puzzled by your comments. all the customers who have received pipers to date have been incredibly happy. i encourage you to check out our twitter where happy customers post photos of piper assembly and game play: https://twitter.com/withpiper what exactly are you saying? please get in touch directly and i can answer any questions you may have. mark@withpiper.com thank you, mark
yet another technology kickstarter that turned out to be a kick in the a.. since this fail, zano, coolest cooler, gest..etc..i have stopped funding any tech kickstarters. the food, most clothing, special projects, art etc is where i send my money and i advise my friends and acquaintances to steer clear of the tech category as well.  if it were real and likely to succeed in this category there would be venture money in it.
hi jaime, we are gearing up another production run and we should have your pipers to you by end of the month or beginning of may at the latest. currently all the orders have been placed at the factory in china, and we are just waiting for the manufacturing to finish, and the units to be shipped out. this should take 3-4 weeks. but everything is on track to get you your piper toolbox in the next month! thank you so much for your patience! mark
it's april,  would be nice to get an update for the impatient "april backers" as what was so bluntly pointed out in feb.
still waiting here in england. an update would be appreciated even if it is to say it will be delayed. i don't mind late as long as it is coming.
i still don't have a piper in finland (was supposed to be a december delivery)
@sledge hammer i think you are being a bit harsh on the piper creators. yes, they delivered late - but they did all they could, or so it seems to me, to keep us updated and to keep the delay to a minimum. and they were late by less than two months. i am still waiting for delivery on five other projects that were supposed to ship in 2015, two of them in june 2015 (and a sixth one, slated for june 2015 as well, just arrived - several weeks _after_ the piper). my guess would be that the team is working on more levels to be included in the april shipments.
i just would like to know what these 1500 units that you built and shipped are being used for. because that is roughly the number of all backers. its also funny how you screwed up so many peoples christmas delivery and now keep pointing towards the april statement even though you have enough kits to fulfill all the pledges right now.
bruce, john and jason you are all april backers and will get your kits in april! please check the tier you backed at to confirm this.
never received piper,  what's goin on?
no update no shipping.  not happy.
no update? still no delivery. what's up?
hi guys, my ups tracking info isn't updating!! looks like my piper is stuck in long beach! i have tried emailing you all but not getting a response, its been stuck there since 24th december. getting really frustrated that everyone else is getting theres and i know you had problems, but part of our pledge was to get the piper for christmas and now its february and i can't get any answers!! please get in touch. russel
awesome guys. really awesome.
hey guys. what's up with domestic us shipments? no updates.
received, assembled. very impressed with packaging and component quality, and amazed at the experience once you're in minecraft and interacting with physical electronics. a few tricky bits: 1) the blueprints don't label the different screws. use the shorter screws for the hinges, longer screws for everything else, plastic screws for mounting the raspberry pi, and the tiny screws with the latch for mounting the latch. 2) the version of the software on the microsd card failed after playing the video, so i couldn't get to the later steps (connecting to wifi, updating, etc.). downloading the 1.0.2 version and imaging the card fixed it. on the mac, rpi-sd card builder makes it a bit easier than using command line. hopefully the sd cards shipping now have updated software. 4) had a little trouble getting the switches to mount into the breadboard properly - the legs were bending instead of inserting when my son pushed the switches through the holes in the face. easy enough to pull the face off, see what was happening, and straighten the legs so they inserted properly. still, something to look out for. now my son is thrilled, and is learning a lot about electronics. very happy backer!
finally fired ours up last night and my son had a lot of fun in the 10 minutes before he had to go to bed. i connected it today after school and nothing happened. i used a couple of my recent raspberry pi acquisition and got nothing. i finally plugged the monitor's hdmi to a ouya and nothing came up on the screen either. suspect something went bad with it. i'll try to plug the raspberry pi to an external monitor tomorrow to see if i'm right. support would be nice.
my piper arrived in germany last week. package originally went out via usps and then was picked up by dhl for delivery into germany. the zollamt (customs office) took possession of the package and sent me a notice. i went to pick it up today and had to pay €38.12 in vat to get package released. i was under the impression that the vat was pre-paid?
@sid mine was last seen in la on the 23rd, on its way to finland. not here yet.
@ronnie that seems surprising. this is in the faq on the campaign page: "we’re using reliable premium courier shippers like fedex and ups to make sure everybody gets their rewards, and we’re also pre-paying value-added taxes (vat) so you won’t have to pay anything extra." was there a change of plans?
happy to say that my piper kit arrived safe and sound today here in the uk.  however, i'm sad to inform you that i was unfortunate enough to have to cough up an additional £25.79/~$37.51 import vat and clearance fee before delivery could be made.  like sid simmons, my package was originally handled by usps until it arrived in the uk.  it was then handled by parcel force.  a bit peefed about the additional charges but over the moon with the kit.  i look forward to putting this together and learning the ins and outs of minecraft and electronics
just out of curiosity i went to the dhl website and simulated a shipment from san francisco to my place, to know how much time it might take. glad to see that it may even arrive by this we, which would be just awesome! but the quoted shipping fees were just wt&@##!?? tried to enter the data as accurately as i could from the shipping info (weight, service level, postal codes...). i understand the piper folks don't pay the undiscounted, official shipping fees, and likely get a substantial rebate by shipping hundreds of boxes. but still even with a sizable discount, with the modest amount i payed my piper, how the hell do they pay for producing piper, let alone keep a little of my money to pay for their own work, at shipping rates like this? i mean, shipping would need to be more than an order of magnitude cheaper than that price to be actually remotely affordable! i sure hope you guys don't go broke over express shipping fees to catch up part of the small delay you incurred at the end of your project!
yay, just received tracking info for my int'l shipment to france! can't wait to get my hands on it!
hi, you have shipped my package to the uk via usps, but it has been stuck at heathrow since the 26th december.  is this the same for all uk piper shipments?
@piper maybe a sticky post to this effect in the support section of the forums, adding this as a faq on the main campaign page or mentioning it in an update would help? or all three of them for good measure. comments here on kickstarter are usually buried after a few days and notoriously difficult to search, and in the forums i've seen this info only as responses to individual cases, not as a note to everyone.
guys, we have asked several times to contact us directly at tommy@withpiper.com for questions about specific orders, missing parts etc and to refer to the forum for all other questions: http://community.playpiper.com/ as you can imagine we are dealing with several thousand orders and cannot answer your individual questions here without more information about your specific case.
hi, no tracking, email no piper. are you going dark now? i (backer #872) would really like to receive an update ... kind regards, alex, germany
no response to my messages here, my direct contact through kickstarter, or my post on their own message board.  starting to feel like i've been sold up the creek.
updated by dhl - dhl says they received a blank invoice with the package, meaning they didn't pay dhl, and that's why the package was returned to sender.  i don't know if the package was actually received back by them or not, but it definitely hasn't left long beach.  would really like some action plan and timelines for this from the piper team.
i've had some issues w/ pieces not being stamped out all the way (wood as well as plastic).  if your plastic support frame for the raspberry pi doesn't have the holes stamped/popped out, use a small regular (flat head) screwdriver w/ a hammer and lightly tap them out.
my comments are being deleted?  i've commented twice now, and the last one is definitely gone. i was backer #23 and had christmas delivery.  should have been one of the first shipped out.  was apparently shipped on the 23rd, though i didn't receive the tracking number until christmas. since then, it's been in long beach, ca.  the whole time.  tracking says returned to sender on monday, out for delivery in long beach on wednesday.  still no emails answered from piper team, dhl says it was missing shipping information on the tag.  what is going on? and now it sounds like the engraved backing plate will not be in it anyway, which makes life interesting.  they know we need to hold these together with glue, right?  so if the engraved plate arrives later, and we've already properly assembled the kit (providing we actually get it at all, at this rate), we won't be able to use it.
same here. no tracking email. no piper.
hello i also got no piper yet, also no email with a tracking number. anything got wrong?
arrived today, australia
still haven't got my piper (in n. california) - have all been mailed out? do we get an email when they are mailed?
spent a good 3.5 hours with my 8 yr old watching and doing some minor helping for assembly and getting through the first few segments, he was loving it. on the hdmi cable - it was tight fit and i didn't like the amount of strain it was putting on the screen board connector so i shaved a little more than an 1/8" of the rubber material from the cord. a helpful tips for kids is that you can't always push one side of something on first, you need to press the whole side together and slowly work it on.  slow wiggling and gentle pressure. we had some minor chipping at the very thin parts but nothing that you can see unless you really look for it. fellow ksers, it's a bit messed up to upload the pdf on a book that isn't released freely under license. (unless it has been and i am mistaken)
good find eddie d! my only comment is that pdf is the first edition, the second edition i have contains specifics for the  raspberry pi 2 (the version we have from piper), it's not a big deal, just a few things like it's talking about sd cards, while in 2nd ed. sd and sd micro cards, so just to make sure you are not confused by the differences :)
here you can download the pdf of 'adventures in raspberry pi' (258 pages, 40mb). pdf download: https://cld.pt/dl/download/79a4d8fd-851d-434e-8bfa-82f4cdd81b4b/adventures%20in%20raspberry%20pi.pdf can't wait to get all my parts so my son & i can start using our piper. might get the missing parts in a couple weeks. learning process, right? get some quality control!!!
@brad c: helping to learn coding to kids via the raspberry pi: excellent idea. actually, i had the same, i ordered a book titled 'adventures in raspberry pi', which is for kids, and through 9 adventures (which are actually coding projects) teaches kids to code with cool stuff. we bought another micro sd card to install rasbian os and all the coding tools needed, which is explained very well at the beginning of the book. i am no programmer (yet), but i could easily install the os and the coding tools coming with it. we can run a browser etc. as well. anyhow, i can only recommend it, for the purpose you suggested.
@mike i believe they said with the rush to ship they didn't have time to engrave and they will be shipping an engraved plaque in january or early february.  it appears many answers are listed on their site ate http://community.playpiper.com/.  hope that helps
hi piper team, i received my piper kit yesterday, but noticed that it wasn't engraved with a name on it that was supposed to be provided at my backing level. what happened?
broken piece - i sent an email yesterday with photograph about a broken piece. i received the product 12/26/15. how quickly will you send out replacement parts for chipped wood components? thank you, craig p.
after playing with the piper for a little while last night i was thinking how great it is an how it teaches electronics while making it fun and enjoyable for children and adults alike.  then i thought you know this is cool but what if you could also teach the interfacing of the computer (pi) and the hardware together not just the physical interconnections but also the coding its really cool to see how when a switch is interconnected to two pins on the pi that you can make the character move or water flow or electricity move from a battery to open a door.  but what if you could also teach some basic coding to show even more in depth how making one pin on the pi go high or low can then in turn be utilized by the software to say open the valve and allow water to flow or turn on a pump to move water in the direction it is needed.  i know this would be quite the undertaking but from my first impression of what you've accomplished so far i really think you could implement some small coding exercises and help people understand how to interface the computer to the physical world as well.  still in awe of your campaign and product very pleased to have been a backer and help you to bring such an inspiring product to market!
it seems if you shipped for the 7 days prior to and including christmas eve  the 351 backers that paid to ensure they were received by christmas should have gotten them without any particular problem.  however since mine wasn't even received at the post office until dec 23 and sent using 2 day priority service there was no reasonable expectation that i would receive it by christmas as promised and paid for.  so i respectfully request a reimbursement for the piper christmas shipping.  since my other posts have been ignored i'll post my next comment separately so you comment if you want and not feel pressured to comment publicly to this one!
hey angel, could you check out the community forum where a lot of these questions are being discussed: http://community.playpiper.com/ and also contact tommy@withpiper.com so we can ship you the replacement parts thank you, mark
hello mark et al, i'm sure you are exhausted after going through all the rush hour to get this done. we got a piper on time! unfortunately not everything went according to plan. i didn't receive the "name-engraved" box, so there is a kid right now playing with my son's. and worse, our pi is doa, my son spent a couple of hours assembling the piper for no reward.... can't play it.... what can we do about those two issues? thanks
ok :)  all pieces parts were available to build the box so that's a good sign (very impressive job who ever designed the box so easy to put together and designed to stay that way with so little effort).  the game fires up and seems to be working (very impressed with the story line, it really helps to get you going pun intended) the graphics could use some work it was very difficult to determine which devices (switch, push button etc to use in some cases, but i understand 8 bit graphics for the game makes some things difficult to represent)  i don't know if the games graphics were supposed to match the physical wiring (ie red game wire graphic means use a red physical wire) although that makes sense, i have no yellow wires so substituted black so hopefully as i go along i don't run out of physical wiring preventing me from completing the game :(  all in all excellent job piper team!  congrats on a great product.  i understand with the rush to get them out the door some minor mix ups can happen ex: no yellow wiring.  i still feel those of us that payed extra and didn't receive in time for christmas should be reimbursed but had to let you know i am very impressed with your product and would highly recommend it to anyone with children especially if they want to give them a leg up on science technology engineering and math!
hi ed, we are manning the support lines on this site: http://community.playpiper.com/ many questions have been asked and answered, and if not, please post a new one. thank you, mark
i should add we loved putting it together and it is a beautiful product. now that it's assembled however we can't use it until we get some help. thank you for all your hard work creating this and shipping them out.
glad we received our unit on time, but a little disappointed no one is manning the support forums this weekend. we're having some issues and so are a number of others, but there is no one answering questions and concerns on the forum you referred us to. right now we have a very lovely and well-crafted doorstop.
sorely disappointed.  having paid an extra $20 for the "all new piper christmas shipping"  i finally got mine today.  i haven't verified if i have any missing parts yet with all the other stuff i have to put together and play with the excitement for piper dropped drastically by not having it "by christmas" as promised. after reading the comments so far though i have to say i am a little worried about what may be missing.  how will refunds be handled for those who did not receive thiers by christmas?
scrounged up an older model replacement raspberry pi unit. it works but somewhat laggy plus the wireless refuses to connect. kids enjoy it (thank you, piper!), it's just that i'll need a replacement piece. happy with the purchase, regardless.  :-)
one switched part, couple of missing screws but surplus from others. build is ultimately successful so no biggie.  on the other hand, the unit itself is doa. screen comes on blue then turns black once the pi initializes the video (or so i figure). definitely doa though.  what's the next step?
and the fun begins, missing a cr_p load of parts!!!!
yay! my son loves assembling piper!! we are so fortunate to have it here with us today. too bad it is not my son's piper! backer #142 here but someone else has my son's piper i guess with his name laser engraved on the box and on the battery pack and his name along with the names of all the other special first backers that is engraved on the bottom plate... none of that here! but a generic piper today is better than no piper today and i apologize to those other wonderful backers having to be extra patient to receive their's. at some point mark and crew will wake up from the long sleep they need after such an incredible, exhausting run and i am sure they will fix this issue as well. i don't have the heart to ask my son to not assemble/play with generic piper today so that we can return it though. gosh, i hope my son's very personalized piper didn't get shipped off to someone else! but a merry christmas it is. peace and love!
hello piper team... just letting you know that i was surprised with my son's piper this evening! tracking showed a saturday date, but got it anyway. it's the first time usps has surprised with their service. thanks again and happy holidays‼️
i did not receive mine in time but i did not really expect to. i didn't get a tracking number yet but then my backer number is above 1000. i still want to thank you guys for the effort you made the last days took try to make at least some of your christmas delivery backers happy and their kids as well. i still think this project is a fabulous idea and my hope is that i and my kids will get our hands on it before it is time to go back toy work or school after the holidays. it was great to get quite a couple updates the last few weeks and lots of details about where you were. i was a bit worried during the summer as updates seemed a bit sparse. i feel bad about people who hoped to get it for christmas but didn't get it in time. i hope that getting it late will still make it as awesome as it can be.
no tracking label update, no delivery here in chicago.  really messes up christmas plans for us.
getting ready to wrap the poster i printed out.... :-(
thank you for your extra effort to get the packages to us in time for christmas after the unexpected delay. your customer service was great, thank you for updating us frequently. congratulations on the completion of your project. whenever we get the package, i'm sure my son will be delighted. if we receive it after christmas, that just means my son will have more than one day of gifts, with the best gift saved til last. have a merry christmas!!
usps contracts out some of their deliveries. i'm hoping this is the case for my shipment and that there's still a chance for a delivery today.
the usps lady just ran, no package today.  tracking number still says "label created". maybe saturday.
another amazing update on the project. you guys seriously topped all of the campaigns i have backed in terms of dedication and commitment! merry christmas and happy holidays to all, and especially the piper team! hope you get to have some well deserved rest and time off!
agree 100% with jtelzrow - projects and companies are remembered by the last interaction. after a great summer of what felt like collaboration with the team the last few days - the most important to almost every backer here - have been extremely disappointing. how you land a project is more important than how it takes off and a few extra minutes of attention would have made all the difference.
delivered!!! wow!! what a ride!!!!! now for all the fun tomorrow!!!!!
well, i'm holding out hope that this will get here today. it looks like i'm in the same boat as everyone else. "shipping label created..." the problem with blaming usps is that while yes, their tracking sucks compared to the other companies, it's been remarkably consistent this year with everything else that's been delivered that way. it would be nice to hear something from the team about which units actually are in the mail. it shouldn't take that long from la to las vegas. now i'm wishing i'd had it shipped to the house instead of work.
holding out hope for xmas delivery here... we'll see! some feedback for the team... i think you could have done a better job here at the end keeping folks informed, even if it was bad news. taking 10 minutes to post updates, even if it is "no news, still churning" is just good customer service. right now it's been days since hearing anything--endgame communication is very important, even if it is bad news.
got both of our pipers at 8:28 am local time, thanks piper team for delivering on this challenging project!
yay!! yes this is amazing. my tracking # says out for delivery today!!! omg!!!! better than any further update is this news!!!
@david:  so it went from label created to "at local post office"?  maybe there's hope yet!  what state do you live in perchance -- i'm in mississippi.  my wife talked to our son last night and told him he had a gift that wouldn't make it in time, and he was okay with it.  when i told him the gift was ordered in march he got very excited and confused!  the fact that the piper team pulled this off in the time they did is a testament to their dedication.  these things happen and they would have made it under deadline if the customs snafu had not happened.
well, now it shows at my local post office.  ironically, i already received several packages from them today (it's 830a local) so hopefully there's a second run.
@brad: yes, i received a tracking number a few days before it shipped.
i completely understand the delay, and i'm not upset. that's life! if i were closer, i'd roll up my sleeves and help with the shipping. for christmas, my wife and i are planning on wrapping our son's t-shirt, and just telling him about the project. i can show him the website, of course, but it'd be neat if there was some sort of age appropriate document that we could download and print, explaining what the project is all about, and what he can look forward to. i'll probably just do a print out of the web page, and then just pull it up on my ipad.
i just wrote to mark asking for a little update... like everyone else recently posting... i got a tracking # that only says a label and pre-shipping info was generated/submitted. that doesn't sound very promising for anyone getting their pipers in time... and my backer # is under 150... merry christmas to all! these guys put their heart into this campaign through and through. we can wait and still smile over this delay.
i also have a usps "shipping label created" with nothing further than that on status.  this is currently the only one of many usps shipments heading my way with no updates... what gives?
i'm a backer who paid on march 26th for the xmas shipping.  i got my shipping notification yesterday, and it looks like my label was created on the 21st, but all it says is created.  i know usps's tracking numbers can get weird sometimes, so i'm keeping my fingers crossed it might show up.  it was 3-day priority though which was really weird -- the only way it would have made it in time was to definitely go out on monday.
usps has always had poor tracking. we may not see any updates until the package has been delivered. hopefully everything is going well. fingers still crossed.....
same thing here with the label.  created on 12/16, but no update showing it actually shipped.
mike b - i'm seeing the same thing from usps and am also thinking about alternatives.
@piper so how did the big assembly and shipping rush go? did you manage to get through all of the orders in these few days? i'd be curious to hear about international backers receiving dhl tracking info.
is anyone actually seeing usps shipping status? labels seem to have been created starting on the 16th, pre-shippment info sent to usps on the 17th but i still don't see a shipped status from even though the email title says "your order is on its way!". it's very confusing - if it's on its way why doesn't the usps know about it? starting to lose hope and think about other gift options.
just received tracking. priority mail 2-day, shipping label created. keeping my fingers crossed that i will get it in time.
just received shipping notification. 3-day priority mail though.
no tracking yet and i'm a super early bird backer. but, hopefully that just means they are working hard to get them out and didn't take the time to send tracking. :)
has anyone received a tracking number?  i'm backer 289 and haven't heard anything yet.  i'm still hopeful it will show up in time.
i am also a backer that paid to have our piper by christmas and understand that stuff happens... if we don't get it by christmas my son will be fine.  however i would like to get the extra we paid refunded or get some extra goodies if it doesn't make it on time.  thanks for all of your hard work piper team!
dave, did you by any chance receive a tracking number?  i'm still in hopes to get mine but am also wondering if a rebate will be offered to those who don't get theirs after paying extra to get them for christmas.
received my piper today. thank you so much for delivering before christmas! i appreciate all the effort to get them out on time.  i can't wait to see my kids learning with it!!!!!
are you sending in backer # order?  thinking i might just have a little bit of a chance, even in canada, if you're running them that way.
i appreciate all the updates, though i am waiting to hear about a $20 refund for those who paid extra for christmas shipping.
just got your message that you started packing to ship the boxes. thanks for your dedication and for not sparing any expense or effort to get the rewards out as soon as possible. you guys seriously rock!
released and waiting to reload sound good ;-)  but this is the government so it might not be that intuitive...
released/wait reload!!!!!!!!
hey ed, yes that's great news! now we just need to get it examined and released by friday! keep sending the good vibes :) mark
looks like status is now ingate. that's good, right? hoping for some christmas magic!
hey jan, johnny, keli, micheal, and bobby, we really appreciate your upbeat comments and support! you have no idea how much your support means to us. we are all pretty stressed about this customs situation, so it's incredibly kind of you to give positive feedback and support. we are so so close to getting these to you! thank you, mark
you guys rock. thank you so much for your transparency, and your hard work with the holidays impending.
i hope this isn't stressing you guys out too much.  i realize it can be a big disappointment for some customers  who specifically paid for it to be there by christmas.  but this is outside of your control, and you're doing what *is* in your control--e.g. communication, honesty, transparency, and taking on the cost of shipping faster--very well, in my opinion.  also, emailing me a pdf of the blueprint so i can print that and put it under the tree in case the unit doesn't come is a great idea. i pinged a few other backers on the idea of storming customs and just taking our stuff, but i guess people are too busy getting ready for the holidays.  also some blather about possible unintended consequences, but whatever. so excited to get my piper, whenever it gets here, and see what my kids do with it!  keep up the great work!
customs official:  that's a nice shipping container you got there.  shame if we were to find any...clocks in there.
i know that you are so disappointed about the shipping being delayed.  it has been really tight the whole time running, but i have to say that you are handling it very well.  i for one am really excited about the bonus pdf blueprint.  this year we were going to buy the boys some cool blueprints for their room and it was a tossup between a space shuttle and the millennium falcon.  this is way better because they will get a blue print of something that they actually will get to build for themselves, spend several days looking at it in anticipation, with "i can't wait to get my hands on it" feelings going through their heads. then when the box comes in, it will be christmas all over!  the glass is still half full.  i wish you all the very best of the holidays. keep your chins up.  i can't wait to give the boys the blue prints and then spend another 10 days saying, it will get here soon, all good things come to those who wait. :)
i for one would pay more to have it shipped faster.. like 2day or usps priority vs ground... i'm in norcal, so if they ship from socal = no biggie. christmas is a big deal to me.
thanks for the update! while not great news, this is the best update i have yet seen from any project explaining a delay and the measures taken to minimize it. many don't bother to mention a delay until deadlines have passed by days or weeks, and limit themselves to a simple "there was a problem with the shipment and we are working hard to get your rewards out asap". best of luck in getting the shipment smoothly through customs! could you please provide shipping time estimates for some international backers as well?
hey guys, i know we've addressed a lot of these comments in one-off emails but i thought it would be helpful to do here as well. thanks brad for the help.  if you have a question, the best way to reach us is emailing tommy@withpiper.com. we are testing with the new pizero.  very exciting for us! shabnam, we have your address! will be shipping to you on the 15th! thanks everyone!
@bo harrison, i'm hoping by now someone has reached out to you but if not here are a couple of ways to reach out to them...  first you can use kickstarter messages to contact them (not comments but messaging them)  click on the word piper above (under created by) and then click contact me.  i am not sure how quickly that might get you a response so the second way, might be to use their website, by going to their about us page you will see email links at the bottom for the three founders (these look like the back side of an envelope).  good luck, they apparently have extra's based on the email spam i have been getting from them about black friday and cyber monday.  if none of those work you could try responding to the previously mentioned emails sent by hi(at)withpiper.com but that could be a bot and won't get you any response.
will this work with the new pizero ???????????????????
haven't received my email to confirm address :( dec reward date...
hey piper team - i've tried to find an email address or other contact information. back when i pledged, i doubled my pledge for early bird to get 2x piper for christmas (chatted back and forth on this, was confirmed by your team). when i filled out the survey, it only showed 1x piper coming. i want to make sure i'm getting both for my nephews, it'll be a sad christmas if only one arrives!
hello to the piper team - i'm left a little puzzled with regards to your survey.  update #23 requested address details etc. along with the option to order additional products.  as my original pledge was for the "bring your own pi" package i thought it a good idea to add the "raspberry pi with stand" priced at $35 to my basket.  apart from the money coming out of my bank account i had no other confirmation that i'd be getting my raspberry pi along with my original pledge. now then, your latest update (#24) is again asking for my address details and so forth with the option of adding extra products, but only shows my original kickstarter pledge being confirmed.  what i'd like to know is have you got details of my extra order of "raspberry pi with stand" on your system somewhere?  and if so, will it be included with my original pledge or will it be posted out separately? on the other hand, if it's the case that you're unaware of my additional order then i'd suggest that it be included with my original pledge.  i know, i know, i should have included it in my original pledge - but money was a bit tight at the time!
just saw the latest update - which is really good news!! :-)  but as an international buyer (from the uk) i'm a little concerned that if it will take 3 weeks for the shipping to reach the us (so around the 9th), will the international buyers get their piper's before christmas ....  i'm sure you guys will send out another update when you have the piper's in your hands.  fingers crossed we get them for christmas morning
a bit of trouble with the address survey. i'm in canada but the dropdown for state only has us states.
hi piper, i don't know whether this has been asked and answered previously, but will international versions of piper have localised power requirements and mains chargers/leads? i've ordered from the uk and have chosen the version that includes the raspberry pi.
i'm super early bird... hopefully in time for xmas! can you do it ?
kudos to the piper creators for changing the additional survey questions to being non-mandatory now!!
@mark yes, they put tremendous pressure on themselves with that move, and so far it looks like they might indeed make it. from the updates i get the impression that much of the slack they probably had factored into their time line might be used up, though. as a backer i found it really hard to predict timeliness of projects, even close to the deadline, so i personally prefer to watch the development of progress with eager anticipation, but without the pressure of the result affecting my own commitments.
@janw, i agree and am learning that lesson.  however, as noted they upsold and advertised christmas delivery specifically back in march.  hoping they pull through on the promise.   "after seeing the huge demand from our kickstarter, a large-scale laser-cutting firm agreed to work with us to allow us to ship more units for this december. because of this, we are opening up a higher reward tier to allow you to get your piper for christmas 2015. to get the special delivery early, this reward tier is $20 more than the previous tiers, so if you've already bought a $149 general release piper (april 2016), you can upgrade for $20 to christmas shipping! if you pledged at the early bird level that we are delivering in december, you will get yours for christmas as well. we are really excited to get these kits to you, and are looking forward to bringing piper to one thousand people all over the world!"
@mark relying on the perfect timeliness of a kickstarter project for christmas presents, without at least planning a backup, spells frustration. i find it actually quite amazing how this project has managed to remain on-schedule so far. and while i trust the wonderful creators of piper to be able to pull it off and deliver on time, the schedule is tight and there can be no guarantee against a last minute hiccup. out of the 15 projects i backed with expected delivery before the end of 2015, 13 were delayed, one was delivered on time, and this one may still manage to be my second kickstarter project without a delay.
i'm also concerned about the timeline laid out.  piper is the first kickstarter campaign that i had 100% confidence in getting the pledge on time, due to the progress made before, etc and the different options for early bird.  however, counting on early december to get things from china with customs, etc is pushing it even if all went perfectly.  if there's any snag, my 11 year old's christmas gift is not going to make it in time -- i've been so relieved to have his figured out for months now, but not so confident now.  please don't disappoint.
i'm trying to get an issue resolved with the last survey and add-on system.  i've sent e-mails but haven't gotten any kind of response yet.
please fix the the questionnaire to make it non-mandatory. i paid my reward with cash already, i will _not_ pay again with my data. making the survey mandatory and not providing basic ssl-encryption for logins are simple errors that are off-putting for anyone who values the safety of their data online. will be surprised if this arrives by christmas in france - if shipped from the states on december 15th, this will most likely be stuck in customs until well after new years eve. it's still impressive you appear to be this close to your initial schedule - the kickstarter projects managing their time line that well are few and far between. chapeau!
i am assuming there is little chance for a christmas delivery to australia. given it normally takes around 2-3 weeks. like a previous commenter we were giving this as a present but as i am a long time kickstarter i knew it would probably be late and arranged an alternative present. also the address survey wasn't set up for international addresses. we could put in country but not states.
i'm concerned over the timeline you laid out.  any issues in customs (or any other step in the process) are going to slip delivery past christmas and this was supposed to be our son's major christmas present.  i'm hoping you're taking steps to ensure you'll keep to your schedule.
hey alec, stripe takes security seriously: https://stripe.com/help/security and we are using the system in the most secure way. please let me know if you have any advice/concerns beyond this! thank you, mark
also the stripe payment system does not seem to support secure connection
hi alec, please email me directly and tell me what the problem is? mark@withpiper.com
can't enter international addresses?   grrrrrrr
are there any recommendations for a pi case?  i got the option to 'bring your own pi'.
@creators hi there. just wondering if you had any eta for the pledge manager? should be real soon nowtm?
hey piper team - i supported your campaign. we are super excited to get our piper box! question: my address has changed since i signed on. how do i go about updating it with you so that you ship to the correct address?
thanks for that and your website looks great... can't wait to get the piper for my son, it's going to be great....
hey eddie, yep we are on track! do you like the new site design: http://playpiper.com/ ?
so, are we on track for christmas delivery? seeing update #19, i hope so. i'll keep my fingers crossed. thanks for the update.....
hello guys apologies for the delay in posting an update! we have been in over our heads with product development, travel to china, and packaging design! we will have a full update for you this week :)
@john   lol!  so are they! it shows they logged in today!  an update sure would be nice wouldn't it?
uh, guys? we're still here...
hey guys has there been any progress or updates that you can share. wondering if things are still on track.
hi guys, looking for a status, i would hope to hear from you guys at least once a month.. it's not to much to ask imho.
version 2...also, when can we expect you all to send us out the survey for our addresses?
hi piper team... can we get some feedback and information regarding when are we going to get our device? it's been a long time since you last updated us :(
@kristen unless i'm mistaken, we didn't receive the pledge manager / address survey yet, which means that the piper makers don't actually have your address yet. they should be sending a survey out some time closer to shipment of the rewards, and you will be able to provide your latest address there.
who/how do you contact someone to change your address for shipment?  i have moved since supporting you awesome project and want to ensure my sons 'christmas gift' reaches us correctly and on time.....:)
version 2
which ever one makes you all ship on time.
version 2, looks more sturdy.
version 2
version 2
version 1
version 2
version 2
version 2
version 2
version 2
version 1 looks more elegant.
version 2
version 2
version 2
great choice using the plywood i does look very nice
version 2
@brault:  the 2 new levels was part of a stretch goal they met, so they're trying to fulfill their promise.
agreed... forget extras and dont let shipment date slip...
although 2 new levels sounds (ah ah) great, beware of feature creep which is one of the great pitfalls of projects not shipping in time... my son will be utterly disappointed if you miss christmas!
hey kyle and denise, we are just really heads down negotiating with suppliers and working out some of the extra levels that we are adding to the piper minecraft toolbox. we have a lot of the core game mechanic already working, but making sure that the storyline fits, and the hardware works nicely with the levels are things on which we still have some work to do. we went to maker faire recently and tested new features with the kids there. it's also important for us to make sure each level or feature that we make is playable, and intuitive for a child. so every feature we make needs to be tested with kids several times. this is the scope of what we have been doing this past month, and will have several more months ahead of us to get all these things right! apologies for not posting updates for a while. and we will send out the surveys when we are ready to ship something. we will have a proper update in the next month once we hit some milestones with hardware sourcing and the software. again, thank you for your support! it is overwhelming that you guys supported us, and we will do whatever it takes to deliver the best experience for you :) mark
realistically. any kind of update would be nice. even to say, hello, everything is going according to plan. i do hope that everything is going accordingly.
it's been over a month since the last update, should we have received our surveys via email yet?
@ marco thank you so much for your support and for your order during our kickstarter! :) we'll be sending out a survey in a few weeks to confirm orders, get names for the boxes with engraved names, and get the correct shipping addresses. thank you so much checking in! if you have any other questions, feel free to shoot us an email at shree@withpiper.com and mark@withpiper.com!
congratulations for your campaign, and i cannot wait receiving ur best piper, but how can i tell u my address to let u ship it to me? will u give me a survey or ?
@ nicole bright, thank you so much for your comment, and we're super excited to be off and running getting our kits made to start shipping by christmas! :) so, you are absolutely right, since we hit the $250k stretch goal, we're now going to be able to include the 2 extra game levels and the hardware as well as the speaker. we're really excited to see how the gameplay is enhanced with the sound, and we're super pumped to be creating the new levels to add even more skills and bits to your nephew's toolbox. i hope that clarifies your question, and thank you so much for joining us to create something really amazing! sincerely,  shree, mark, and the piper team p.s. feel free to shoot us an email at anytime at shree@withpiper.com or mark@withpiper.com!
first off, i would like to say i am so excited to give this to my 7 year old nephew for christmas. i know he is going to love it. but i had a question about the speaker. i am very happy that people were able to include the extra $3 to the pledge to include the speaker (sound makes everything better!) but since the stretch goal of $250,000 was reached, will this include the 2 extra game levels and hardware?  i look forward to hearing from you!
congrats  ! ;) look forward to christmas ! :)
@ mike wheeler: hey mike, thanks for your support throughout our campaign! we really appreciate it, and we're really excited to be able to create this product and get it out to inventors all over the world! i wanted make sure that we responded to your concerns though, since at the end of the day, we are people and we want to make sure the incredible backers who have supported us feel satisfied with their experience. :) so regarding the bumps to different products becoming available, we actually were running our numbers throughout the campaign so when tiers sold out and we received messages from customers who had just missed out, we opened up tiers at higher levels (high enough to adjust our production to meet demand, and as low as we could while keeping the lights on). also throughout our campaign, with incredible publicity and the word of mouth from our backers, we were contacted and able to work with different sourcing and laser cutting firms, which allowed us to open up even more tiers! so our campaign has been very dynamic, and i hope the changes to the tiers were beneficial to everyone who wanted to get their own piper. as for the three dollar bump, since we really wanted to be able to include sound as element of the gameplay, we wanted to hit our stretch goal of $250k, which in the last two days, was accomplished through our amazing backers adding just three dollars to your orders! the three dollars was to hit the stretch goal, not the cost of the speaker, and by hitting that goal, we can now source that piece. your support pushed us over that edge and now we can include a little speaker! :) i hope that clarifies the points you made which were completely valid. :) we are really passionate about what we're making and we really don't intend to be scammy in any way as we get started producing these toolboxes for makers all over the world. thank you so much for being a part of this and for sharing our vision! we are absolutely humbled and grateful for all your support. :) sincerely, shree, mark, and the piper team p.s. feel free to shoot us an email anytime at shree@withpiper.com if you have any concerns and we'll be sure to get back to you! thanks again!
@ peter jones: hey peter! sorry about the confusion on our site! those are actually for preorders for april 2016 (the general release package like the one on our kickstarter). a few points about that: 1) if we compare the kickstarter price for the product shipping in april (149+25=174), that is still less than the preorders we are currently taking through the site at 199. this is because out a kickstarter specials were deals just for our early backers. because we love you all, and we're keeping the prices as low as we possible can for you guys.  2) since we've been having a lot of confusion with shipping, we factored shipping into that cost to make it free shipping in the united states only for the preorders through the site. however, our general release preorders through our site have be slightly more expensive to allow us to grow our company and make all the cool additions we're excited about. that clarification and the clarification on the date have been posted on the preorder page on our site. peter, we really really appreciate your backing and your support throughout our campaign and even after in catching these clarifications for us. we are human, and as we closed out the campaign, those were a few things we mistakenly left vague, and we're sorry about that, but we do hope, through our really incredible product, we can show you our passion for what we're making. we believe in inspiring inventors all over the world, and we're so humbled and amazed to see the incredible community who share our vision. thank you for joining us and being a part of something really extraordinary. :) thanks, shree, mark, and the piper team if you (or any of our backers have any questions about the new preorders we are taking), please feel free to shoot us an email at shree@withpiper.com or mark@withpiper.com and we'll get back to you quicker!
i know i'm being a pita but this isn't the first project i have backed ........... so i know how this works.......
your web site & ks says "buy a piper now" but no where does it say when these post ks units will be shipped ?????  the implication is that they ship right away ????   i trust that this is not so as it would make a mockery of the whole kick starter project ????
congrats everyone!!! shree i'm so proud of you!
congrats everyone!!!! shree i'm so proud of you!
congrats piper ! ;)  look forward to christmas !  :)
congrats! i'm excited to get this, though less enthusiastic about the quantity of the limited rewards being bumped every time they sold out. not to mention asking everyone to raise their bid by $3 and charging so much for shipping. what should be a great project instead seems a bit scammy.
hey! will there be a guide for kids? got this for my brother who is 10 and loves minecraft!
@ kira hudson banks: hey kira, so since we've hit our stretch goal, our piper kits will now include a speaker! :) thanks for your support!
@ peter jones: hey peter, thanks so much for supporting us! you're amazing and we're so excited to have hit our stretch goal! :) and yeah, since it's our first batch and we're keeping the price of the product as low as possible, we're using quality shipping services to make sure your product gets to you on time and unbroken, which is why the shipping is a bit pricey. thank you for your support though! we really really appreciate it!!
@ jayson phillips: hey jayson, so since we hit our $250k stretch goal, all of our backers who have ordered a piper will also have a speaker included in their kits! :) woo!!
@ matthew leamy: hey matthew, there is going to be a character limit, but we're not sure how much yet so we'll get back to you to see if we can make that work after the campaign! :)
congrats on passing $250k. on the super early bird pipers will there be a character limit on the name? i'm wondering if i can list my 3 sons.
looks like i need a private message on how to increase my pledge too!  unless you all get the speaker.
@brian skiles: hi, brian. we sent you a private message answering your question
hello, i would like to also pledge for a second piper for the christmas 2015 delivery.  can you please let me know how i can do that?  thank you.
also while i'm here i think $25 shipping is outrageous :-(
sorry we will get the speaker as we have crossed the 250k mark for the stretch goal.
@kira we will get the speakehr
i believe i successfully added $3 to my pledge. i hate to bother you to confirm, but i want to make sure we get the speaker should that come to fruition. can you message or confirm here?
congrats quarter of a million dollars
thanks to all to increase your pledges by $3 !  ;)   to reach the 250k speaker stretch goal !   :)
@jennifer: hi, jennifer. we just sent you a private message about how to change you pledge amount. thank you!
i cannot figure out how to add $3 without losing my original pledge. �
hi wendy, just messaged you the solution in a pm. thank you!
hi -- this looks wonderful and i'm excited to support the project and have my kids participate.  however, i'm in the same boat as galahard:  i have two kids and each would like a separate piper to work on.  i managed to get one of the $149 dec 2015 items, but i have no way to add on either a $169 dec 2015 or a $149 april 2016 item without losing the one i've already pledged for.  can you please make some add-on options, or otherwise make this workable?  thanks for your consideration!
folks, it's real and it works!  photos from a meetup i was at today with piper working: http://www.meetup.com/devoxx4kids-bayarea/photos/all_photos/… this meetup for piper lett a room full of 30 kids (~3 kids per piper) play with it for a couple of hours while completing three levels.  my 12 year old daughter initially was "meh" when i told her about piper, and since i sponsored the xmas delivery, i wanted to spark more interest.  she now thinks piper is "cool" and "fun", which means it has the 12 year old middle school girl stamp of approval.  even if she did not like it, i still would get it, since i want to play with it myself after it arrives!
@ galahard: hey galahard! thanks so much for your comment and we just sent you a message to clarify your order. :) thanks so much for your support and please do keep liking and sharing us!
hey team, just to give a big thumbs up for this project, it's only my second backed project, so i am not giving this lightly. one small issue though, if i may give feedback: i wanted to order two of those lovely pipers for both of my kids (isn't that awesome, even one of them is a girl!), but i wanted them for christmas (of course). now you have a double order possibility for $360, but those ship in april, 2016, obviously too late for me. so the only way for me to do this to get two pipers for xmas is to create another account for my wife, and have her order the other one. this way, i pay a little more ($380 instead of $360) on the product. i also pay double on the shipping cost (2x$25, instead of $25). i mean, i am out of $45, which is not a big thing in the greater picture, but something for you to  take care of, maybe next time or in the fulfillment phase? i mean, should i really pay double shipping cost, if the two boxes come to the same address? i'd really appreciate and answer for this, i mean, i don't mind paying an extra for the earlier shipping date, but paying double for the shipment this way is, is a bit bothersome. but anyhow, great project, keep on the good work!
@ brad c: hey brad, that is a great question and thank you so much for clarifying for the rest of our backers as well! at the moment we only have a few prototypes which we've been using to pilot and iterate our product and those have all been built by hand by our team. however, in order to fulfill orders in the thousands as we have gotten, we need to work with suppliers, assembly lines, quality control, and fulfillment companies to make sure we can make a really great product in mass volumes to get pipers out to the world. in addition, we're currently developing the open sandbox version for the open ended building after our levels (which is a really exciting aspect) and tightening up the software interface to make sure it is as intuitive, fun, and as amazing as our vision for piper. unfortunately (as much as we would love to get you kits) those take time, and we want to make sure you get a beautiful finished product instead of a prototype, and that's why we're setting our shipping dates on a feasible timeline so we are able to deliver. we're exciting about building this brand, and we really appreciate the incredible support of you and the amazing customers who believe in us as well. :) thanks so much and please keep liking and sharing us!
this is a great project and i love the idea of supporting a stem project, but i'm just a little confused.  you say you have working prototypes so why will it take a year for you to produce your product.  can you explain the delays you see that will require such a long run once the campaign finishes?
just voted for piper as "the coolest college startup" at this inc.com's contest page: http://www.inc.com/diana-ransom/vote-now-for-your-favorite-2015-coolest-college-startup.html go piper!
hi, does the "bring your own pi" kit works with the "old" b model as well?
@theoreticgal there are still 12 days to go in this campaign. i would be very surprised indeed if the speaker stretch goal was not met. the "name on the box" sg will be more challenging, but may quite possibly be reached as well. keep spreading the word, everyone!
hi love the project and can't wait to see it in action. as you didn't quite make it to the speaker stretch goal  would you be able to help us source the appropriate hardware for a speaker? i am happy to pay a little extra for the correct speaker unit. cheers
awesome project! the "bring your own pi" level will also ship in time for christmas, right? also, according to the timeline, the additional levels from sgs will be created through 2016. will they be available for pipers that have already shipped in december via sw upgrades? and last question: was the $100k sg reached before you created the "bring your own pi" reward level, and the $99 level is thus not mentioned or will there be no color option for boxes at this level,
congrats on $200k
i opted for the $169 christmas delivery option.  does this mean that the stretch goals won't apply to me?  :(
@kevin jordan the only package that comes with the engraved names is the superearly bird option.
a wonderful campaign! do you know what are the box size dimensions?
i pledged at the $169 level for my six year old. does the unit come with a name on back and how do i let you know i want his on there?  thanks
following on the sandbox mode not being ready for first shipments... will this mode be later available via sw download for those that didn t get it at launch ? otherwise, might reconsider waiting for spring 2016 version instead of xmas2015 version. your thoughts please. many thanks.
@dt 2) we've not had a single pi destroyed even though we have had over 400 kids play and test piper. we have tried very hard to make the in-game tutorials and instructions as simple and intuitive as possible to avoid exactly this possibility of damaging the pi. 3) we are working on a sandbox mode, but make no promises on when that will be released. we want you to be able to add hardware to the custom mods you make to levels, and getting this right is difficult, so we will have this mode, but probably not with the first shipments. and thank you for the creative idea! from what i understand, the pi can't power a servo by itself, and needs an additional 9v battery. maybe this could be a later level though :)
hi xaak, yes they absolutely get to keep the 10 units!
hello, if you back at the $1,800 level - do the kids get to keep the 10 piper kids?  the wording is unclear. thanks,
in regards to 1) opps just re-read your 'story'.  looks like it will be open source.  i was wondering if it was possible to test the just to get a feel of the game or is it still under development?
love the idea.  i'm just curious about a couple of things. 1) will the 'game'.  i assume you made a type of mod.  be avaiable as an open source and free to download thing? 2) one thing i'm worried about is destroying the pi.  i've worked a bit with the pi and there are always warnings of connecting things in the wrong place.  i've connected things wrong before and kids will most likely too.  what are the chances of frying the pi with misplaced cables? 3) how 'long' is the game?  and is there a sandbox mode that the kids can use their 'switches' and stuff for easily?  (i love the idea of the 'switch' to open secret doors) stretch goal) not sure how, but a fun one would be to add a continuous servo and use it as a turning control (like a steering wheel)
@christine kimball: you are correct! since your one of our super early bird backers, you're completely set (no more payments, etc.) you'll be getting your piper with your name on the back along with the other backers in december. :) no need to upgrade, you're all set. let us know if you have any other questions!
i read johnny and shree bose's comments, and just want to make sure i understand.  i selected the super early bird piper with name on the box, at $149 w/$40 shipping.  i will still be getting this in time for christmas and do not need to upgrade?
edit: actually am reducing my pledge to the $9 level, not because i'm not interested, but because another backer is already getting a piper for the intended recipient.  love this project! (guess i'm not the only one :)
dear piper team, thank you so much for going an extra mile to get the additional december (x-mas) delivery reward! look forward to getting this amazing product!
@ johnny: sorry for your frustration and hopefully this clarifies any confusion. so if you already bought a kit for $149 at either the super early backer/early backer rewards level, then you do not (repeat, do not) need to pay anything more and you can completely disregard the update. it is not relevant to your order whatsoever, and you'll be getting your super snazzy piper toolbox in december. however, those were capped at a small volume, and a lot of other backers also wanted to december shipping. since we were able to partner to accommodate that, we have been able to open up a new reward tier to let people who would have gotten their kits in april to get their kits in december or for anyone newly pledging. this is not relevant to the super early or early backers, but only those who bought the get piper general rewards tier. let us know if there's any other confusion; we're a group of people very passionate about bringing a really cool product to everyone who wants it as soon as possible. thank you for your patience and for supporting us to do that! :)
color me a little confused as well.. i'm already down for dec delivery and paid 40 for shipping .. now you want another 20? ... please stop with all the extra charges and rewards it's getting confusing and the nickel and dime things is uncool. i think 40 shipping was steep enough
@ james hewison-carter: hey james, so the extra shipping is for international shipments; that is correct. through running our numbers, we can keep our shipping costs the same for our us and canada customers; however the rush shipping and quicker turnaround to get piper out internationally by christmas is going to be more expensive, so the price is higher to make sure you get the kit on time!! hope that helps!
hi - i've noticed that the christmas option also has an extra $15 shipping on top - is this correct? it's not mentioned elsewhere.
@ james hewison-carter: hey james, so to get the christmas shipping, go to our project page, click the blue manage button that appears next to your pledge amount, enter the new amount in the box, and select the new reward tier! :)
just noticed the upgraded delivery tier - if i just add $20 to my pledge will it automatically be updated to christmas delivery?
added the $20 to my pledge to get the shipping ahead of christmas (important to me as this is a gift for my nephew).  looking forward to it!
hi tammy, no your unit will be delivered for x-mas, and you do not need to change pledge levels.
i got in on a $149 early piper that says it is shipping in dec.... so do i have to add another $20 now to keep it at december shipping?   i backed this not only because it is cool but as a christmas present because of the dec shipping.
@ hubertus krogmann: that's a really great question! we've done a lot of our testing with the "normal" pi, but we're super excited about being able to include the newer pi 2 in our kits. we're optimizing the software portion for the pi 2 so it'll run completely bug-free, but it will still run on the earlier pi. if you have any other questions about that, feel free to shoot us an email at mark@withpiper.com. :)
@ matthew leamy: thanks so much for your question, and yeah we're trying to make sure our prices stay down while the rewards are unique for each of the levels. so for the super early bird reward tier, the perk is to have your name included on the back with those of our backers at that tier, which is pretty cool! if you want a shirt, feel free to adjust your pledge and we'll add that onto your order and get you a snazzy piper shirt! :) hope that answers your question!
will this run on a "normal" pi too, or just on a newer pi 2?
hey piper team! first of all, congrats on a remarkable launch. it's been great to watch. since you did the price drop on the early bird level is there any chance of adding the shirt to the super early bird level? or maybe just for the 20 of us who got in before you even named it super early bird? ;-)  if not, i'll just do a second pledge at the $39 level.
@ john h. halpern, m.d.: hey john! we responded to your message, but for any of our backers who might have the same question, we put up a new rewards graphic which hopefully explains everything a little better. :) since our $149 level sold out so quickly, we decided to drop our $249 level to $149 to make sure we got pipers out to everyone who wanted them. :) thanks so much for clarifying, and we're super excited!! sincerely, shree, mark, and the piper team
it seem you can only fund once? i try to add another contribution and won't allow me:( i messaged about problems having funding more then one item since dec. kits are sold out. hoping for response soon. luv this!
my 6-year-old gets super excited when there are "updates" available for minecraft, since it means new mobs, biomes, etc. he was even more excited when i mentioned one day that it was possible to write an update *himself*, if he learned how to program. looks like this will be a great bridge between the control over his minecraft world that he's imagining, and what could have been a frustrating setup! best of luck in production!!
super project !  :)  my sun have 17 years old and me 47, and i want piper not only for him !  ;)
thanks, i have doubled the amount.
hey lee, you can switch to the $360 pledge level or just double the amount you already pledged to get a second unit.
i want to order a second unit, how can i?  it just keeps saying i have already backed
nice glitch (?) advantage to backers: the april 2016 delivery was supposed to be for "early backers" at a pledge of $249 and not the listed $149. scroll to the bottom of the story and you'll see that this is so... but the creators didn't do that... oops? oh, and i did private message the creators a few days ago pointing this out but no answer so i guess they are deciding to keep to what is really working for them. it's been amazing to see this project catch fire like this!
if shipment by christmas doesn't happen any idea if you'll be able to ship shirts etc early?
notice some rewards are april 2016... please dont push back the ones in dec 2015.. that would be tragic.  dont go jyrobike on me.
hey, great project!  looking forward to receiving it and seeing my kids let loose on it... one question though, do you need to buy a minecraft license or is that included?
i am so excited about what you are doing.  i cannot wait to give this to my minecraft loving, circuit building, 7-year-old daughter.  thank you!
my son will also be super excited when we build this then he will love paying with it! thanks for the perfect christmas present!
i am so excited, yet a little bummed because i missed out on being able to include our name on the box. i would much rather have that than a key chain and t-shirt :/ but i can't wait for my kids to start creating - who am i kidding...i can't wait to start creating!
my son is going to one very happy boy this christmas!
hi i'm super excited for my son!! thank you.
congratulations!!!! wow that was fast!! add on more program to play with as rewards!
> what other reward levels do you want? would it be possible to create a "maker reward"? ie you provide files like a bill of material so we can source the hardware ourselves. also some of us might have access to a laser cutter so we could create our own box. dec 2015 just looks soooo far away....
hi wade, the lcd screen is included in the kit!
i probably missed this, but it's not obvious from the description. is the lcd screen included with the kit?
so excited for this! i'd love to see a play through of one of the levels. is this just for kids, or would us non-technical kids-at-heart also learn something?
hey robert, we want to make sure that we get you everything you ordered, and if you just add $99 then later, when we are going to fulfill the orders, we might not remember that you actually wanted just the box along with the full piper kit. there have been many really nice people who pledge a lot more than the reward level, but still only want just the full piper kit. so to make sure you get everything you order, could you make a separate order please? would that be ok? thank you very much for your support! and don't forget to share: http://www.withpiper.com/#!share/cjrj thank you, mark
i'm in for one full kit, but would like to order a box for my oldest son who already has a raspi. can i just add $99 to my current pledge level?
absolutely! at the end of the campaign we will send out a survey asking what name you want on your own piper and you can tell us which name you would like.
this is a gift... so i dont want my name on the piper. hoping eventually when it comes time...we will be ask what name we want on the box ?
