thanks for the many great comments! we are just days away from our national pbs broadcast this tuesday, february 16 at 9pm. for backers, we have sent information about the private screening links, dvds and other rewards out to you directly through kickstarter. if you missed an email, or are missing a reward please contact us at info@firelightmedia.org. thanks!
hey, like some others... i was wondering would there still be a private link for viewing the film. or would the pledge be honored in some other manner? thanks.
respect. i am still waiting on a link to the private screening of the film & q&a with stanley. hoping i didn't miss it amongst all the amazing updates. solidarity. all power to the people.
hi. i'm awaiting my copy of the annotated script--the pledge award i chose.  any update on this award?
i filled out the kickstarter survey and received my confirmation email from them. i now await receipt of my "private streaming link"  -- my reward for the amount i pledged. i am very much looking forward to seeing the film. congratulations!!!!
hi stanley! following has been great and now it all comes together! how exciting! congratulations to everyone involved! sincerely, jayne
for those of us who have donated at the online stream level, when will we be getting the link?  i'm looking forward to viewing the film.
i'm so thrilled to have been part of this important campaign. now, if you'd only bring  the film to my sleepy river town (with a vibrant arts theater--the esquire), cincinnati....sigh.... all power to the people.
congratulations on your achievement. i'm happy to be a part of it.  it must have been 1969 when i travelled to frankfurt from my hometown in germany to take part in a demonstration demanding the release of bobby seale. we were marching through frankfurt shouting: "free, free, bobby seale". i just started to get interested in politics then (i was 17) and ever since i had great sympathies for the black panthers and the fights of peoples against racism and inequality in the states. (and anywhere else)  it is only right that i should support you now in this project.
congrats on your successful completion in achieving this amazing goal! this story needs to be told worldwide & happy that it is being told by one of us. blessings to you & your team & i look forward to seeing it on the big screen in oakland! power to the people!
congrats on your successful completionin achieving this amazing goal! this story needs to be told worldwide & happy that it is being told by one of us. blessings to you & your team & i look forward to seeing it in the big screen in oakland! power to the people!
i had the good fortune to be interviewed by stanley nelson for his stirring "freedom summer" documentary.  with "the black panthers," we are all in for another vital piece of history that should not be forgotten
congratulations!
all power to the people !!
this is definitely a film that everyone across the world, not only america, should see. i'm glad i could help out where i could to make this happen!
may there be many screenings and panel discussions especially for teenagers and young adults from staten island to baltimore; from ferguson to tulsa; from north charleston to cleveland.
very cool!
fantastic! every american needs to see this film - particularly now.
nice job, stanley+everyone@firelight...well deserved! your friends@string & can..
congratulations on reaching your goal.  thank you for all the work you and many others have done to bring this back to life.  thanks to all of you who have funded what you were able to contribute.  i hope you make it to seattle at some point.  my father, dion henderson, painted “the people’s wall” in 1970.  at that time, the wall surrounded the black panther party community center for 10 years in the central area of seattle.  the seattle chapter organized breakfast programs and did so much for the community.  i was only four years old at the time the wall was being painted but i do know the history.  part of the wall was torn down many years ago but there are still images that exist today such as angela davis, malcolm x, bobby seale, charlie bird parker to name a few.  the wall was restored by another artist in 2008.  i would love for you to see it or to see the pictures from back then.  love. unite. respect. build.
glad to help. from oklahoma city. and we actually have a tornado coming through as i'm typing.
anyway we will be able to purchase shirts or transcript post-fundraising if it doesn't become an option? thanks! could help the atlanta screening also. good luck y'all.
great idea, julia and chris! we'll add a new reward - the link and transcript for $40!
he film is coming to baltimore for the maryland film festival on may 9. http://www.md-filmfest.com/festival/film-schedule/323 it will open theatrically in baltimore this fall.
what about adding baltimore?
hello and congratulations! like julia i would like to receive the transcript and link. is this a possibility? best. chris
:-) !
oops-sorry $40!! math without coffee is not pretty here :)
hi, i was hoping to donate twice to receive the transcript ($15) and a link to the film ($25).  for some reason, i can't seem to make two separate contributions.  any chance i can bump up my pledge to $35 and make a note of my request for both rewards?  thanks for your time!
let me know how i can be of help/get involved when you come to dc!
very cool!
thank you all for the comments! we are so close. thank you all!
congrats on your win. may this be funded. so much needs to be said and put into proper perspective.
just upgraded my pledge to the recently added atlanta premiere. can't wait!!! and i'm telling all my friends! thank you, mr. nelson!
#iamarevolutionary
a great campaign, an important campaign, let's all rally to make this happen. power to the people!
