@jay - so glad you like it!! enjoy and stay tuned for upcoming kickstarter campaigns for brand new gadgets we've been working on for several months and are almost ready!
got mine today and just what i needed! thanks now i could attach my gear
glad you like it mitch!  thanks for the support!
i find it really fucked up how they say they're giving us a special sale, then put it up on their website for $19.99. it's like i paid full price for something thinking that i was getting deal.
looks and works great!  thanks!
thanks mark & mrthallid!! enjoy!
received mine this weekend.  looks great!  thank you.
of the 60+ kickstarter projects i have backed, caraclaw is one of the few that has delivered on time according to their original project schedule.  way to go guys!! love it.
i can't remember if you all asked for shipping information,  and if you did, i might have to update mine. thank you for a wonderful product
just pledged $38 at the super early backers level and would like 2. :)
just changed my pledge to make this project a reality.  looking forward to seeing the final product.  way to go!!
;) thanks scott! i do believe today will be the day!!! thanks to all of our supporters!
not sure i'd pull out my rescue tool if i came across riotrock in an accident...  great product, looking forward to you hitting your goal today!
not working on mobile browser ... it ok on desktop...
do i have to cli ck dealers to see your products?
hi riotrock - not sure what you mean. www.statgeartools.com is our website and it is definitely working as we have been getting orders all day. i can certainly understand you wanting to check on the seriousness of our operation as i too have had negative dealings in kickstarter where i am still waiting for products i have helped support over a year ago!! but to see how we get things moving you can see the media coverage our products and company has had with our t3 tactical auto rescue tool which has been featured in men's health magazine, motor trend magazine and most recently on the today show which you can see here.... http://youtu.be/c1cus8d7nra thanks again for your support!!
i didnt say im trying to purchase caraclaw did i? im checking out your business man coz it will indicate the seriousness of your operation...and it doesnt seem to be working...
riotrock - the caraclaw can't be purchased on our website the image should just bring you back to this campaign. thanks!
your webstore doesnt seem to be working?
thanks so much robb!
cliff,  we're using stainless steel with a titanium coating on all internal parts and a 440 stainless steel blade. these are very high quality materials and the 440 blade should hold an edge extremely well and of course has the ability to be sharpened easily. the nylon outer handle has a rubber coating for a great feel and added texture designed. thanks for your support!
good luck on goal...
munderstand = mind spending more on a*
i love that it is a back lock and i love the design however i'm concerned about materials. i know we can't ask for much at this price range but can you do a better steel and instead of nylon perhaps a glass fiber impregnated plastic?and some grip inserts in the handle faces? i don't munderstand a good tool in the 100 dollarge range if it's well constructed and quality built matierials i am a bit worried that you are going to go and get these mass produced cheaply.  there is nothing worse then a cheap knife that breaks or looses it's edge when you need it most
thanks for your support steve!
just pledged $40 and looking for two. good luck guys
thanks a lot riotrock! james.. no problem! thanks for your continued support!
just pledged $57. can you send me 3 caraclaws for the super early backers.  we already own several of your auto rescue tools.  may have sent this message twice-sorry.
good luck great product
hi matt! no problem. thanks for your support!
hey there - great product!  is it ok that i pledged $38 for two of the super early bird caraclaw's?  thanks!....
