biggest waste of money. agree with the comment below - save your money - just download a scanning app for the phone and use it. it'll be 100x better than this garbage device.
same here. i no longer give a penny to kickstarter. after backing 20 projects, all of them except 3 are failures.
hello, you have the nerve to declare that you have satisfied users. your scanner is quite appalling. it is a complete failure. today it is much more efficient to photograph with his phone and to pass a text to the ocr than to use your scanner. mine is stored in a drawer and will come out only to go to the trash.
mine has never worked, cheated cheated what a scam
@gerry: sorry to hear you are not happy with pocketscan, please reach out to us at info@dacuda.com and we'll try to help :)
after your very horrible dacuda scanner, i don't think i can support your company. i lost trust in kickstrter as a whole too.
@brian: hi brian, more information regarding how it works with different content, etc. will be available shortly.
@carl: we're sorry to hear that carl. most people are very happy with their pocketscan, please get in touch via info@dacuda.com, we'd love to hear from you.
true carl! and please don't compare your new project to htc vive or oculus that's ridiculous phone vr is not vr it is 3-d with crappy qality videos steam games which are used for htc vive in oculus are nothing like google cardboard get real
the pocket scan was by far the worst electronic product i have ever purchased. i can't believe dacuda won't admit it was a disaster.
@marson cunha hi marson, thank you for contacting us. for delivery inquiries, please contact our support staff at https://dac.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new. they will usually get in contact with you within 24 hours. best regards, pocketscan team
hey there! i never received my pocketscan. was there a problem with the shipping? kind regards, marson
@trillot bernard dear bernard, thank you for your feedback. we would love to help you become part of our community of happy pocketscan users. our customer support will reach out to you by email within the next 24 hours. you may also directly submit a request with our support staff at https://dac.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new warm regards, the pocketscan team
i've tried to use my scanner today with no success in order to test the new version of the software.  i'm very disappointed by this product because it is useless. it's a pity!
@htraze dear harald. thanks also to you for your honest feedback. please don’t lose your faith in kickstarter quite yet. as we have mentioned to bart, our reviews are predominantly positive and we would love to offer you the support needed for your pocketscan experience to be a positive one. our support staff would love to work out the issues that you have experienced. please contact them at https://dac.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new. in hope that we can work it out, warm regards from the pocketscan team
@bart grantham dear bart. thank you for your detailed and honest review. your feedback is very important to us. i must admit i am a bit surprised since our survey shows that most users are very happy with their pocketscan. please see the following link for more information about the study: http://shop.dacuda.com/blogs/news/27922947-who-uses-pocketscan-and-what-for  . we have also received much positive feedback regarding the connectivity bugs since our last update in december. i’m therefore thinking that the issues that you’re experiencing are unique to your device, and we would love to help out. if you’d like please contact our support staff directly https://dac.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new so that we can resolve the issues experiencend. warm regards from the pocketscan team
i must agree with bart. i was so excited to receive this device but i am totally disappointed. every few software updates i am trying from new, but the results are always miserable.i am travelling a lot and i really could use a handy scanner to scan short text passages, but not even this simple work could be done with a pocket scan in an acceptable time and quality. once i tried to scan a dina4 letter. it took my about 15 mins and it was barely readable. i agree with bart, that no one could and/or will use this product in everyday's life. so the interesting question is: why is this product on the market? i am sure, that the dacuda staff is totally aware of all the inadequacies of the pocket scan and my guess is, that the underlying problems are to be found in the method of kickstarter itself. when a big company like epson, canon or hp would develop a product like this (and i am sure they have tried in the past), and they would see that it would not become usable, then they would cancel the project immediately. not so on kickstarter. every kickstarter-team _has_ to deliver a product otherwise they would get ripped by the users and the press. maybe sometimes is own money involved which would be lost in a case of failure as well as the own reputation. projects like this causes me to think, that maybe the idea of kickstarter has failed...
one of the original backers here.  i was incredibly disappointed by the device when i first received it, but i decided to give the software some time to mature before posting, so here i am 11 months later... this thing is a trainwreck of terrible hardware and even worse software.  the device itself is larger (thicker) than the pictures convey, amazingly consisting mostly of air, presumably so that their commodity camera sensor is in focus to the page 2 inches away.  there's two buttons, a tiny power button on the bottom and a big scan button on the top, both of which feel cheap and require a very heavy press to engage. regarding the software, i'm up to date for the app and firmware as of jan 24, 2016, and the bluetooth is still very buggy and unstable.  the mobile apps are mediocre, the macos software is a 500mb cd image, consisting mostly of useless ocr software.  even after wasting time restarting the device and repairing a few times, scanning is s-l-o-w. but i could forgive all of that and live with the rough edges if it actually made great scans.  but the scans are terrible!  no matter how slow i go and how careful i am with my hand motions, the stitching software gets off track and i get a frankenstein of a capture.  because the imaging sensor is so low quality and the stitching software does such a bad job, colors come out splotchy and uneven.  it would take several minutes to scan a letter-sized document and you'd be damned lucky if the stitching software didn't make a mess of it all. to illustrate how bad it is, i've posted 3 images of the same bit of handwriting on a postit here: http://imgur.com/a/pfdow .  one was scanned with the pocketscan at its highest quality (took 90 seconds), one with a fujitsu scansnap @ 300dpi (took 5 seconds), and one with the camera on my phone (instant).  i tried very hard to make the pocketscan image come out ok, but it just wouldn't track.  that's the best i could do, you can see for yourself what a mess it is and how its utterly outclassed by your phone's camera. hilariously, the ocr spat out "°[ ^".  that's right.  "degree-left square braket-space-caret". bottom line: there is no situation where a pocketscan comes even close to the quality of your phone's built-in camera.  it's likely to produce mangled and unusable scans.  in my opinion, this is a failed product.  if you purchase this, you will never, ever use it.
@brian deckerd , hi brian, we are truly sorry to hear that you feel this way. we are aware of the initial technical issues that occur with an entirely new device such as pocketscan and work very hard every day to address the issues and improve the device. we would love to help, but in order to know the nature of your complaint. please visit our support site support.dacuda.com and submit a request so that we can address technical issues with the device or proceed with your refund. best regards from the pocketscan team
whats up with this company?  letting everyone down i want my money refunded brian deckerd
hi your scanner stop responding/charging after less than 3 hrs of the operation...we are still under 1 year warranty right?
@brian belmont  here's a link to the app store with our latest software update. should you need more help, feel free to reach out to us at support.dacud.com
@ robert crutcher we are sorry to hear about the issues you are having with pocketscan. we would love to help, but in order to do so we need some more information. please visit our support site support.dacuda.com and submit a request.
i totally agree. also i cannot find this upgraded app...not in the app store
of all the projects i've supported on kickstarter this was the truly a waste of money! a useless piece of technology that doesn't work half as well as simply scanning a document or an image with one of the many scanning apps on the iphone.
@brian belmont we are sorry that the latest pocketscan version is not working out for you the way we intended it. our page support.dacuda.com answers common questions or issues on pocketscan. if we can help you directly with any questions or concerns, please also visit the support page and submit a request.
@wesley thank you for contacting us. the galaxy tab a series is not officially supported by pocketscan. however, pocketscan should be compatible with os x el capitan. our page support.dacuda.com answers common questions or issues on pocketscan. if we can help you directly with any questions or concerns, please also visit the support page and submit a request.
ugh. i still have scan issues that are unresolved.  it basically doesn't work - completely. it just works partially and then stops
the thing also does not connect with mac os x el capitan at all.??
trying to install but it says not compatible with galaxy tab a. why not?
@stefanie kung :  we are sorry that the latest pocketscan version is not working out for you the way we intended it. our page support.dacuda.com answers common questions or issues on pocketscan. if we can help you directly with any questions or concerns, please also visit the support page and submit a request.
i purchased 2, opened 1 and haven't really used it much.  i'm selling the opened one with pouch for $20 and the sealed in box  with pouch for $40. just want to get rid of it. anyone interested?
pocketscan connection keeps dropping out on the ipad air (ios9) and 13"macbookproretina (osxyosomite) after installing the firmware update. tried resetting the device and going through all the trouble-shooting steps on the dacuda support page, but still not working.  it was working fine before, both apple devices would connect instantly, firmware was installed automatically upon last connection and now nothing works. please please fix this asap, this new firmware update seems really buggy. thanks!
@yusaku harada: thank you for contacting us. for delivery inquiries, please contact our support staff at https://dac.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new. they will usually get in contact with you within 24 hours.
hello. i was waiting all the way, but it does not have arrived pocketscan. properly support also, but i'm going shipping was also procedural, here you might miss. can you confirm? i am seeking pocketscan even now. please.
@ nils haferkemper: thank you for contacting us. please let us know what your inquiry is, so we can better help you. you can also contact us directly at our support page (support.dacuda.com).
hi guys! i thought i would wait for years but perhaps i just forgot to give you some info? could someone contact me?
@ gerry macabuhay we are sorry that pocketscan is not working out for you yet the way we intended it. the new pocketscan ios version 1.1.1 may solve some of the bugs you are encountering. otherwise, our page support.dacuda.com answers common questions or issues on pocketscan. and if we can help you directly with any issues, please also visit the support page and submit a request so we can contact you individually.
@ cruisekwan : thank you for your feedback on the previous version. the newest pocketscan ios version 1.1.1 is now available on the app store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/dacuda-pocketscan/id940570984…. it comes with improved workflow and scanning speed, and may address some of the issues you listed. as usual, any feedback or suggestions you have for future improvement are appreciated! @ nigel allen all of the platforms compatible with pocketscan are listed at the bottom of the page: http://dacuda.com/pocketscan/  for your macbook to be compatible, it should run on mac os x 10.9 or up. we are still working hard to roll out the version for ipad3 and will keep you informed with kickstarter updates on new versions.
@bart grantham : we are sorry that pocketscan is not working out for you yet the way we intended it. our page support.dacuda.com answers common questions or issues on pocketscan. if we can help you directly with any questions or concerns, please also visit the support page and submit a request.
anyone interested to buy mine. still in a sealed box. you can buy it for half the price.
is there any way to return and get a refund on this?
this is a fail in all level. why would they even think up of this project when a very simple point and shoot from an iphone using evernote makes the job way better than this rotten mouse scanner.
what device does it work on. i have an ipad 3, 2009 macbook pro and a galaxy s3 phone. none are compatible.
i got excited when the update came out but sadly it still doesn't work on the ipad3.
recently i have updated its firmware and ios app v1.1.0 but can't get a decent scan on my iphone 6 plus ios v8.4 the connection keeps disconnect after a while and when i start to scan a normal black and white text based paper, the scanning is slow and laggy. the movements of my scan action are not in sync with what is reflected on the phone screen. i am not sure this is a worthy update as i can perform a few decent scans in the previous app version. can u pls give me a reply?
this product really doesn't come close to the slick video.  scanning is slow, the app is buggy... as much as i try i can't make it produce even a mediocre scan without something going wrong.  i really wanted to like this product, but i just can't think of any time where i would ever trust this device; i'm much more likely to get better results just taking a picture with my phone's camera.  i regret backing this kickstarter. ps - the mac app .dmg is 500m.  500m!  and that app is a real mess, too.  avoid, avoid, avoid.
@ maxim hauk : thank you for reaching out. i just checked with our customer support team and they have already contacted you last week. due to the large number of hardware and software configurations in the android ecosystem we have been unable to test the functionality on every phone. we are glad you are currently trying out our beta version on your lg g2. please note that we are constantly working on the development of the pocketscan software.
please make the android app compatible with lg g2
@ carl dietz: thank you for your feedback. so far we have received a lot of positive feedback from many of the backers and also customers from our online shop. we are sorry that pocketscan could not yet meet your expectations. we are constantly working on the development of the pocketscan software (just released android v1.1) to improve the pocketscan experience, so our device gets better and better. if you have any specific problems, we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated. @ brian: thank you again for your comment. our team is still working on a solution for the galaxy note 2 and will inform as soon as we have any news.
i see that the note 2 still isn't supported. as of right now, i use my portable wand scanner with my laptop. i purchased this because it was said that it could he used with my note 2. can i get a refund since your project isn't what was said to be? i would be happy to ship it back to you.
after all the pain and suffering inflicted on us as backers as dacuda tried to complete the project, and after all the healing and forgiveness... i have to say, this is the project i regret backing, out of so many projects i have backed. here is what went wrong: the video made the product look really professional. the glamour of how easily it worked provided an emotional reward and soothed my brain's normal rational nature. so i bought it. but the reality was that the final product was not a professional product. it lacked professionalism in several areas. the physical product felt cheap, the performance was stellar for 1995 and horrible for 2015. the use cases are all wrong. we already have a pocket scanner with far better resolution; its called a smartphone. the text recognition is clumsy at best and horrible at worst. i have made peace with the product, the company and the waste of money. but there is one more thing that dacuda needs to do. they need to forget about this silly toy and innovate. they are a fine company with real talented engineers. but they think marketing is about hustling up dollars instead of doing market sensing and other research to develop products the world needs. peace.
does anyone whants to buy the pscan? maybe you have more luck with it.
@ alexandre altoe matamoros: thank you for your encouraging feedback. keep enjoying the pocketscan experience! @ stevans tandei: thank you for reaching out to us. please note that in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem we need more specific information about it. we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated.
i've only tried a few things, but the result was really good, even the read function worked well.
never really use the pocketscan, since i never had a chance to get the scan right. i tried with my win 8.1 and iphone 6 plus, both result are really disappointing. the scan result is not in line, i tried slow and fast, but the result still the same. is it the firmware of pocketscan itself need to be upgrade, or i just need to try harder? so right now the pocketscan has been in my drawer for months.
@ brian: thank you again for supporting our project. we have made some really promising progress with the galaxy note 2.0 and will inform soon. @ huub: thank you for reaching out to us. please note that in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem we need more specific information about it. we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated. @ wen cheng: thank you again for supporting our project. we have faced more difficulties with the ipad 3 than expected, but we are still trying to figure out how we can support it. @ charleen mullenweg:  your pocketscan has already been shipped to you. we forwarded your request to our customer support team. they will get in contact with you via email and inform you about the detailed status of your device.
hi there - i still haven't gotten my scanner, and was just curious if i could get a shipping update?  thank you!
you guys stayed that the note 2 would be supported.  is this being worked on?
have any update about the ipad3 ?
what do i need to do. to let te the windows program to interact with my bluetooth dongle or motherboard. the dongle can see the pocketscan but it does noting further. there is no connection if i start de program. and in the program i  cant select where the signal is coming from.
@ andreas: thank you for your detailed feedback. the cropping issue is a known issue and will be fixed with the next update coming in june/july. @ brian belmont: thank you for reaching out to us please note that in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem we need more specific information about it. we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated.
i still cannot get mine to work. i've follows all instructions. iphone 6 and ipad mini... starts nut doesn't finish gets stuck and then crashes.
i tried the android app on an unsupported device (sony xperia z1) and i´m really surprised. i think, scanning via app is even easier and more stable than scanning via pc program. maybe it´s due to the firmware update of my pocketscan after first app start? ocr after scanning with highest quality doesn´t take as long as i expected. scanning half of a dina4 page, selecting area, ocr and sharing text via mail within 1 minute. currently there´s only one issue. after scanning, i select ocr area with rectangle. after ocr the lower right corner of the rectangle has been reset to previous position. so for every scan i have to set position of rectangle corners twice. i guess it´s an app issue? or i´m the only one with this behaviour? anyway, thanks for sharing this great app!
tried it for the note 2. it crashes when you try scanning. i suppose i'll be waiting for official support.
@creator i didn't say that i didn't want to wait any longer.  i asked when the note 2 will be supported.
@ matthew kuderik: your pocketscan has already been shipped to you. we forwarded your request to our customer support team. they will get in contact with you via email and inform you about the detailed status of your device. @ abdul halim mat ali: thank you for your feedback. please be ensured that we are constantly working on the improvement of our software. @ brian: thank you for your comment. all backers who have an android device which is not supported yet and don’t want to wait any longer can install our pocketscan testing version. you will find a detailed instruction of how you can install the testing version on: http://bit.ly/1ezuco2 please be aware that the testing version has not been tested on all android devices and we cannot guarantee that it will work. that said we always look to add to our list of supported devices in the play store. if you find the software to be working well with your not yet officially supported android device we would appreciate if you could let us know at support.dacuda.com.
have not received pockets have all been shipped?
still no word about when we are getting the note 2 support?
buggy especially at the bottom edge when using with htc one m8.
@ hamish macdonald: thank you so much for your amazing feedback – always a pleasure. keep enjoying the  pocketscan experience. @ sebastian wendland and dr. snil pala: thank you for your feedback. please check out our tutorial videos on https://vimeo.com/channels/880606 with practical tips on how to use your pocketscan and get the best out of it. in order to be able to help you with your problems we need more information about the devices you are using. please go to support.dacuda.com and “submit a request” describing your issues as precisely as possible. our customer service team will usually get back to you within 24 hours. @ aleb: your pocketscan is already on its way to your home. our customer service team will contact you via email to inform you when it will arrive there.
hi,  i did not receive my pocket scan yet.  also from near of stuttgart. regards aleb
while i appreciate that you're working out kinks in the software, i wanted to stop by and say thank you for some of the really clever, invisible little details that are already present in it. for instance, i'm using my pocketscan to import roughs for my illustrations, and when i scan in a cartoon, the software recognizes the panel border (frame, bounding-box, rectangle-thingy) and automatically straightens up the scan to match that box's orientation. it's a tiny detail, but every day it saves me a couple of steps. i appreciate that!
agreed, tried it upon delivery a few months ago else not since, it is collecting dust. simply spending a few dollars on an app that scans and ocrs via a phones image of a document is more functional than this hardware and software platform. at home, my fujitsu ix500 os unparalleled at batch scanning documents prior to my shredding stuff. it would have been nice if the unit actually functioned as a portable scanner.
i have finally received the pocketscan last week now. sorry guys, but it doesn't seem to work at all -- the bluetooth connection is unstable and sometimes doesn't work at all. but worse, the scans look more like cubist art than anything else.
@ nicolas lee and maurits van wijland: thank you for your detailed feedback. please be ensured that we are constantly working on the improvement of our software. @ andreas: thank you for your encouraging feedback. we are currently working on a solution for the devices which are not supported yet and will inform soon. @ jermoe lee, tim edquilag and oliver rebmann: thank you for reaching out us. we have contacted you via email to inform you about the detailed status of your pocketscan. it is already on its way to your home.
hi, i have been using the pocketscan for a couple of weeks now on a mac and ipad. the quality is very low, there are a lot of distortions when scanning. the current state isn't a usable product. is there any update coming available soon for the mac software with improvements?
hi, i did not receive my pocket scan yet. where is it? stuttgart/germany
i tried it with my htc m8, works ok with some crashes sometimes, and scanning is having quite a lot of distortions.  i tried scanning a history book with pictures, the scanner seems not to recognize the white space in between and tends to stop scanning. when regrouping everything, the characters and pictures do not stick together. tried also to scan some medicine packs, but it seems it really requires a flat surface to be able to scan properly. anyway, it seems the software needs some more corrections, it does look promising, please keep up the good work
hello team, i´ve used the pocketscan a lot and i must say since last program update (for windows), scanning is working smoothly. no connection problems, even while using different bluetooth devices. i´m really excited about the android app, but all android devices on hand (about 6) are currently not supported. i really want to try the app. please add more android devices to support the android app. maybe it´s possible to share the apk file with other pocketscan users at own risk? i´ll promise to use the app without complaining... it would be really nice to continue scanning after viewing the scan in "editing mode". after reviewing the scan i sometimes realise that i missed some spots, or want to correct some parts. it would really helpful not needing to rescan whole document again. maybe it´s possible to add this in future software releases? thanks for this great device! desa
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi, have not received my pocketscan as of yet. anyway to track the item? thanks jerome
any update on the linux support promised in https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1776222658/pocketscan/comments…?
@ nathan jones and abudl halim mat ali: thank you for your amazing feedback – much appreciated. @ eva kong : thank you for your detailed feedback. we really appreciate your input. we forwarded your feedback to our development team to make sure that we can make pocketscan even better in the future. @ brian and low chong hung: thank you for your support. we are currently working on a solution for the galaxy note 2 and other devices and will inform next week about our progress. @ xu cui: we have contacted you via email to inform you about the status of your pocketscan.
i just tested dacuda scanner since there is the android app. i have identified a few problems. 1-it seems that it has a lot of crashing whenever the pocketscanner doesn't recognize that the location of the item scanned. after 1-2 times they try to re-identify the location, it will automatically crash. 2- any uneven surface will make the scanner crash without fail as the scanner cannot detect its location. also it is nearly impossible to scan anything that has a slight unevenness. 3-even at max resolution, there are some lighter elements (like lighter stroke of a drawing) that cannot be scanned at all. is there any adjustments within the software that can help me scan everything? other than that the scanner is great! thanks a lot!
hello? any word on the note 2 version?  this was main the reason i backed the project. otherwise i would have just used my other hand held scanner.
worth the wait......android app is solid.i just wished i had this 15 years ago lol! excellent product....look forward to updates in the future!
@brian, +1
support for the galaxy note 2 was part of a stretch goal. is this no longer the case?
woohoo.  work with my htc one m8 and compatible with my galaxy note 10.1 2014.
hi there, i haven't received my order yet. i pledged $99. can you double check my status? thanks!
@ hamish macdonald: great to hear that, thanks! @ tom g: don't worry, it's coming. the app was uploaded to the play store on thursday. usually it only takes 2-3 hours for the app to appear. for some reason the play store is taking a bit longer this time. we expect it to appear very soon.
this thing is bloody amazing! i use it every day to scan in roughs for my illustrations. (it's amazing to be sat in a cafe and see my pencil sketch just magically appear onscreen as i slide this tiny white plastic block over it.) the other day i scanned in a recipe using the ios app, and was stunned to find the ocr hit 100% accuracy. i have never, ever seen ocr that good. until now, my experience of it amounted to "not worth the trouble it takes to correct it." thank you for creating this device.
did i miss the android version (release should have been yesterday)? see: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1776222658/pocketscan/posts/1152093
i also got a letter from royal mail today, though it stated that the postal administration of malaysia has contacted them regarding the package and they'd like me to answer a number of questions (has it been received, sent back, is an ebay item, etc).
got a email from royal mail today, saying you (pocketscan) made a claim to malaysia post. the letter asks me to confirm if i have received the parcel or not, and if i have ever contacted the sender about the parcel is lost. it seems that you're making false claim for lost mail compensation. i've write back to them confirming that i've received the parcel and never contact the sender about parcel lost.
@ reinhard mitschang and nicole neghaiwi: thank you for your encouraging feedback. enjoy the pocketscan experience. @ dan richard: thank you for supporting our project. please note that in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem we need more specific information about it. we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated. @ bao chau le: we have contacted you via email to answer your question. your pocketscan is already on its way to your home.
hi dacuda, sorry but have you shipped the pocket scan. i changed my place to new address: 1/10 clunes street, kingsbury, vic, 3083, australia please confirm the right shipping address, i worry that you ship to the wrong one, i have not received it regards, steve
hi dacuda, i can still not run the mac version. when i click the programm, just nothing happens. i have mac os 10.10.3 on a 13" mac book pro mid 2010, 4gb ram. thank u for your answer, greetings from zürich, dan
tested the android app...works like a charm on a non-samsung device for me (oneplus one).
thanks dacuda! just received my pocketscan and am loving it! can't wait to show it off at work.
@ all : we have been working hard all weekend to fix the problem with the windows software and are happy to announce that the new version for windows (v.1.1.1) is now available on the download page: http://www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan/windows/. @ joy: thank you for supporting our project. unfortunately, you have not yet confirmed your address. we have sent you another email to solve the issue.
been waiting since febuary for my pocket scan, and it still hasn't come. can someone please reply to my emails?
ahh forget it...just found the faq...^.^"
after i connect it to my notebook it says that the driver couldn't be installed. can it be downloaded separately somewhere?
@ ashley and djayawarman alamprabu: thank you for your encouraging feedback – it is much appreciated. @ reinhard mitschang: we are glad that you have received your pocketscan. enjoy the pocketscan experience. don’t hesitate to contact us via support.dacuda.com “submit a request” if you have any problems. @ oc cahyono priyanto: thank you for supporting our project. by now you should have received an email. please note that in order to solve your problem as quick as possible we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated.
thanks guys. been testing the scanning and translation. scans are great on iphone 6 & macbook pro. translations are good. thanks and can't wait to use on my travels
got my pocketscan today but won't be able to test it until tomorrow
my pocketscan won't connect to any of my devices, either ipad 3, macmini, macbook. i tried using os x and windows 7. i've sent a message to dacuda's support team. no reply yet. it's been more than 24 hours.
thanks dacuda. for sending me a new pocket scan. the wrong shipping address was partly my fault. you guys have the  best customer service ever.
@ dorji gurung and carter diastika: thank you for supporting our project. please note that in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem we need more specific information about it. we kindly ask you to go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated. @ nick bevan: thank you for your encouraging feedback – much appreciated. @ djayawarman alamprabu: we have contacted you via email to solve your issue. your pocketscan will arrive at your home soon.
just got my pocket scan, the packaging is nice. the pocket scan has nicely feel build, i tried my first scan and it works really well. the second time i tried to scan a coupon that my brother gave me, that coupon is in japanese. seems like pocket scan its not detecting the language. so it came out scramble words.i was trying to scan that coupon so i can translate it in english because i don't read japanese. please help dacuda team.
my ios is updated it more than 8. still not pairing bluetooth
please help. i got my pocketscan, which i was waiting eagerly for long time. now i got it. but it's not supporting my i pad 2 bluetooth. help needed.
you send my pockets an to the wrong address. because you made delays of the shipping. i clearly stated that if it's delayed after january 2015. the address change to mine in new zealand. i need the pocket scan. please send it to my address in new zealand check inbox kickstarter
just installed the new windows update and have to say i'm really impressed. i can now use my pocketscan with my mac and windows pc and it seems to work really well. good job guys.
still haven't receive mine yet. did you shipped mine yet? my address 5 baffles crescent 3216 hamilton new zealand. i've message you but no reply.
@ yt and yeti li: thank you for your feedback. please be ensured that we are constantly working on the improvement of our software. in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem, please go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated. @ daniel: your pocketscan is already on its way to your home and will arrive within the next days.
this is my first kickstarter experience. got no problem with the bluetooth (tried it on asus vivotab note 8, thinkpad t420 and a desktop pc with bta-bc4b6 bluetooth adapter). well, what can i say, the windows app is very laggy. the app seems to be both cpu and gpu extensive. it is almost unusable on the thinkpad (2nd core i5 mobile) asus tablet (intel atom z3740). works much better on the desktop pc but keep in mind the pc uses an gtx 560. i hope the next version of the windows app and the forthcoming andorid app are better.
still waiting for my device....
got my device a while back, and it's been sitting in my desk drawer since.... because it's so hard to use. the theory is nice but the software really limits its usefulness. i cannot get it to connect to my mbp (13", late 2012). using the ipad scanning is fine, but with the lack of accuracy, i find myself constantly going back to correct the error, which the device times out and i am left with a black picture. why can't i at least get what i had scanned? it took me 20 minutes to scan the first page of my tax return, and upon close inspection it was still imperfect. the whole point for this device was to improve upon the camera based scanning apps that we have on our phone/tablet, but the inaccuracy and the difficulty of procuring a single image makes it impossible to use. i'm sure the software will get better and better (hopefully!), but until then i will have to make do with my iphone scanner.
@ stephanie and joe holland: your pocketscans are on their way to your homes. please don’t hesitate to contact us again if they have not arrived at the end of april. @ rebecca flowers: wow. thank you for your encouraging feedback – much appreciated. we are very happy that pocketscan is such a helpful device for your daily work. @ rl and norman sherfield: thank you for your support. in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your problem, please go to support.dacuda.com and submit a request describing your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated. @ aston chew : thank you for your feedback. please be ensured that we are constantly working on the improvement of our software.
you tried the button on the bottom? press it for some seconds... (2seconds for turning on, 4-5 to pair by bluetooth)
got mine yesterday and charged it with the supplied charger and it is still dead, everytime i plug it in it flashes red and light goes off, when i unplug i get a flash of the red light also but will not power up, so fing disappointed, i have waited so long only to get one that does not work
hi. i have not received mine yet. can you please check the status. thanks!
i haven't received my pocket scan yet, can you check the status?
my pocketscan just showed up!!! i'm so excited to start using it!     i sew & quilt (with a bernina) and am excited with my plans and how much this is going to help me out. i can scan in not only the covers of all the embroider software packages i own, but now, i can scan in the actual designs on the back package cover. then, before purchasing any new software (and they are not cheap), i'll be able to, at a glance on my ipad, see if i already own similar designs, avoiding needless spending.    when shopping for fabrics at various shops at large quilt shows or various valley wide fabric stores, it's impossible to carry around all the various projects & project ideas that are in progress. now, i'll be able to scan in the project pattern (purses, quilts, wall hangings, bedroom/bathroom/kitchen accessories, outfits, etc.) & and my current fabrics owned or already chosen. with the pocketscan's great quality, i can better match up new fabric ideas to purchase for the project, and list the location i found it in case i need more product. i've been using my ipad & iphone camera, and with lighting problems, distance from fabric inconsistency, & camera color issues, this has proven to be an ineffective means to meet my needs. now i have, with my pocketscan in hand, a way to finally meet my goal. no more needless buying of various possible matching, just guessing if they will work.     i can't wait to share your technology at my various sewing groups, encouraging others to follow along with your great product.    before going on disability, i spend decades working in the field of special education, with my focus population having been children & young adults with autism. this would have been the perfect device to bridge non-verbal people into verbal speech, providing them with the text-to-speech model. i can only imagine how many students may speak the first word by using this device.    i also know people that work with children that are blind or visually impaired. i, myself, spent the last fourteen years working with senior citizens. the pocketscan will be life changing to these populations, as well as many other special needs areas. i hope you have serious marketing plans to promote pocketscan to these target populations. i run through my mind how i would have used or be using pocketscan if still working, and its potential is limitless for so many people that are now seen to have limits.     thanks!!!!
my windows 8.1 can find pocketscan and added, but cant to connect it. awaiting your update
received mine today and test some scans. works pretty well on ios but it can be better.
@ andrei tintu, jacky lam, boris a vortsman : thank you for supporting our project. your pocketscans are part of the second round of shipments which left our factory on march 27 and will thus arrive before the end of april at your home. you have already received an email including the shipping details. @ jean-stefane bergeron: your pocketscan is on its way to your home. we sent you another email including the shipping details of your device. @ somnath prahbu:  thank you for your support. we hope you will enjoy using pocketscan. we would also like to remind you of our tutorial videos (https://vimeo.com/channels/880606) with practical tips on how to use your pocketscan and get the best out of it.
after waiting for several months - i finally received my pocketscan! i looks beautiful and i cannot wait to try it. thank you!
i'm in canada. still have not received mine
i still haven't received my pocketscan help?
@creator - i still haven't received my pocketscan and i sent you a direct message. can you please help?
hi, i'm from holland and i didn't recieve it as well...any suggestions?
@ jean-francois desrosiers, wi li, yann k, richard c, yoshua chan: thank you for your feedback. in order to be able to provide you with the best possible answer to your request, please do contact us on support@dacuda.com and describe your issue as precisely as possible. we usually get back to you within 24 hours during work days. any feedback helps to constantly improve the pocketscan software and is highly appreciated.
does anyone have any idea how to disable the 'scan memory' function on window? i am having problem with that since whenever the bar is fully loaded im forced to move on to the edit page... have tried advanced setting with max scan memory and it still wont work
cannot pair with osx 10.10.2 at all my pocketscan is just not detectable. works with ios though.
hi. i received a bluetooth dongle (on the list, tested by dacuda with windows 7) : it works now !!! didn't worked with mine before. just 2 questions : what about the translate app ? i scanned a document and when i wanted to translate with the app... it said : "document is too long for google translate". but it was a very short one !!! secondly, what about the ocr ? i can choose langage in the options, but after ? the option doesn't appear when i scan a document.
finally, i was able to pair the pocketscan with the right version of bluetooth dongle (v. 4 from cambridge silicon radio, about 7 or 8 usd), my thoughts (on pc): very slow but stable compared to the mouse scanner, the pictures were easily inserted into a word document!  hope that there will be speed improvements in the new update!
great for android users what about us ios users that want it to work on our ipad when are you going to fix that problem
misalignment problems are serious. what you suggest in your tutorial video does not work.
@reinhard mitschang: da magst du recht haben. die abläufe des pebble-projekts sind mir nicht genau bekannt. das man die finanzierung ausländischer technologieentwicklung nicht unbedingt gutheißt scheint mir durchaus vorstellbar. allerdings solltest du mal beim örtlichen hauptzollamt anrufen. bei uns klingt das, als würde ein computer durch ein dosentelefon sprechen, dessen stimme vor 30 jahren aufgezeichnet wurde. unser zollamt besteht aus alten, heruntergekommenen containern. das computersystem ist ebenfalls mehr als veraltet (ich musste mal 15 minuten auf den ausdruck einer kopie warten, weil der computer mal wieder streikte). der kopierer war dann nochmal 5 jahre älter und spuckte ein unscharfes und verwaschenes stück papier aus. alles in allem ist der zustand des zolls katastrophal. ich glaube es sind einfach keine ressourcen da, um so viel protektionismus und bürokratie effektiv durchzuführen, sicherlich fehlt auch schlicht das interesse. in holland zucken die mit den schultern und raus damit.
@ dave thank you for your feedback. as mentioned in today's update the android app will be launched on april 28. we are aware of the issues with windows and are constantly working on improving our software this is why the next windows version will be released on april 15.
@tom g: pebble ist ein unpassendes beispiel. laut bundesnetzagentur haben die niemals auch nur versucht, kontakt aufzunehmen und das ist immer noch der aktuelle stand. die pebble kann auch nur indirekt über ein eu-land nach deutschland versendet werden (pebble nutzt meines wissens ein zwischenlager in irland oder holland). aber es ist schon irgendwie seltsam, dass in letzter zeit kein einziges kickstarter-produkt aus der technologie-abteilung problemlos durch den deutschen zoll kommt, egal ob alle papiere da sind oder nicht. bei den headbones wurde beispielsweise unter anderem behauptet, dass die ce-kennzeichnung fehlen würde. ist aber eindeutig auf dem gerät drauf (und die dazugehörigen papiere wurden vom hersteller angeblich auch vorgelegt). so langsam beschleicht mich das gefühl, dass es nicht gewollt ist, dass deutsche crowdfunding betreiben...
@ christian volkmer unfortunately, we didn’t receive any email from you. we will contact you to find out why.  as mentioned in today’s kickstarter update, we will offer a solution for those german backers who have still not received their pocketscan. we are going to contact our german backers with clear instructions on how to proceed in the next few days. please be ensured that we will make sure that everybody will get its pocketscan very soon. even though our ability to influence the german post and german customs authorities and practices is very limited, we do apologize for the delayed delivery to the german backers. @ ben  yesterday we sent you and the other backers who are waiting for their pocketscan an email. please note that the email was sent to the email address of your kickstarter account. if you have any further questions please contact us on pocketscan@dacuda.com. @ amit chhaparwal: thank you for your encouraging feedback – much appreciated. please be ensured that we are constantly working on the improvement of our software including the firmware. the next windows version will be available on april 15. you will find the new version on http://www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan/.
hi, not working with mac os 10.9.5! need update or something had to know? thx
@christian volkmer: es ist extrem schwer mit dem deutschen zoll, der bundesnetzagentur und der deutschen post so etwas zu klären. selbst wenn meine firma waren für hunderttausende ordert, können dortige probleme monate dauern, bei vielen kleineren sachen sogar länger (siehe pebble). dacuda kann da einfach kaum mehr machen.
how can we check ship status?
no android support yet (4/2/2015).  windows software is awful.  by far the worst product i've purchased on kickstarter.
as there is a info in every of the last 5 or 6 mails that there is a solution for the german backers who haven´t received anything yet and there hasn´t been a solution for months, i am very disappointed as most of the backers about your shipping and problem solving. as you are not responding to mails, this seems to be the only possibility to contact you.
i have still not received an email with the information regarding the shipment of my scanner. instead i received a generic email stating that 'if i didn't receive my scanner by the end of april, i should email you.' i am not prepared to wait another month just to see if i am again one of the 'lucky' ones whose scanner has shipped. if i don't receive my scanner by april's end, i will be in the same position i am in now. i h i respectfully demand a refund from you. please let me know who specifically to contact within dacuda to receive the same. i will also settle for specific shipment info pertaining to my personal product such as a tracking number. thank you.
i didn't get any email from you !!!
hi pocketscan team, i got my pocketscan. it takes time to scan properly. little tricky to use. nice device though. just needed more improvement on software. please improve windows app as well as when we will get android app. does firmware also needs update for pocketscan - think on it. regards, ac
hello, in response to your message below. i didn't get any email from you in the last week. i have not received and shipping updates or any eta. i need a refund from you. please let me know who within your organization i should contact to get my refund. thank you.
@aston chew, bloodykiller44, andrei tintu, ben, lizzier, edward liao thank you again for supporting our project. today we sent an e-mail to all backers with information regarding the second shipment round. your pocketscans should arrive in three to four weeks at your home. in the unlikely case that you have not received your pocketscan by end of april, please do not hesitate to contact us on pocketscan@dacuda.com. @wi li thank you for your feedback and for supporting pocketscan. we would like to emphasize that pocketscan@dacuda.com is the fastest and most efficient way to get our support. usually we do respond to any request within 24 hours. in order to be able to solve your issue as fast as possible, please write us an email with an exact explanation of your problem. please let us emphasize that we are eager to help you and to continuously improve pocketscan based on your valuable feedback. best regards dacuda-team
i have not received my device either.  has it shipped?
dear pocketscan i have not received my device yet. can you please advise who i can get in touch with so that we can track where it is and by when i will get it. thanks so much.
it simply does not work, even when pairing with iphone 6.
this is ridiculous !!!! you're not even respond to my email and i'm still waiting for my package. more and more people here waiting like me to your response.
i also didn't receive mine..........any news regarding delivery?
i haven't received mine either, so disappointing
have not received mine. please provide update on shipment.
dear backers @wicky yuen, thomas stein, noon giroux, igor bonatto, pabs fernandez, natalia farre lopez and yann k thank you for your messages and for supporting pocketscan! furthermore we are very thankful for all of your feedback regarding the functionality of the pocketscan. please let us point out that we are continuously working on improving the software to make pocketscan as great as you expected it to be from the moment you backed our project. thus your feedback has direct influence on the development of the next software versions. we would like to emphasize that pocketscan@dacuda.com is the fastest and most efficient way to get our support. usually we do respond to any request within 24 hours. therefore we would request you to please address your questions or feedback directly to e-mail address stated above. it allows us to ensure that you will be given the best possible help. we would also like to remind you of our ios tutorial videos (https://vimeo.com/channels/880606) with great tips on how to use your pocketscan. finally, let us tell you again that we are eager to help you and to continuously improve pocketscan based on your valuable feedback. kind regards dacuda
@dacuda, recently there is a bubble with text said "short time left" pops up at the upper left hand corner while doing scanning.  i am using ipad air 2, ios 8.1.3.  please advise what does it means?  does each of the scan has to be completed within a certain time?
i haven't receive it ! please reply, thanks
i have not received mine. please provide tracking #. thanks
wow...really doesn't work very well. so disappointed
it's disappointing to see these on sale on your website when i and many others haven't received our scanners yet.  not good!!!
i also haven't received mine yet, please mail me a tracking number and an eta please!
and still didn't get my package?!? what is going on? send me tracking number !!
i have not received my scanner can you give me a status update..
finally i got a pocketscan, after dacuda sent me a replacement for the first shipment. unfortunately it's quite dissapointing. pairing with my mac: impossible. scanning with ios: laggy and erroneous. at the moment i have not the slightest idea, how to use this in an productive way. i really hope it's a matter of software, otherwise it's a lost cause. yes, i was warned by the comments but i didn't want to believe. to all the guys who are still waiting for their shipment: there's no rush. it's not a product yet.
ok this seems like a dumb question but how long do you charge your pocketscan? when i plug it in a red and blue light goes off for a second then that's it, no light, nothing, it goes dark.  when i unplug it  the same red and blue light goes off for a second again. how do i know it's fully charged or that it's even charging? i checked the faq and videos... help?
i still have not received my pocketscan. pl send me the tracking number
received my pocketscan today. after a bit of a learning curve i can't really say im disappointed, but im not satisfied either. i can get good scans but after trying it on a single page of a document im left with a sore back. much of this has to do with the laggy/buggy software which leaves a lot to be desired as opposed to the demonstration on the project's page (and also crashes frequently). it may take me some time to be able to scan documents quickly as well, since it takes some practice to be able to make the sensor sweep the entire page. on the positive side, i can't really say i regret backing this project. tech projects tend to be underwhelming or leave a lot to be desired, but i think this one has room for improvement, and it manages to be useful in certain circumstances (unfortunately a lot less than what i initially expected). i would like to pass a feature request for dacuda: please implement an option to merge scans from inside the software itself. also, try to sweep off the lags and bugs.
can you send my tracking info to me?
still waiting for my case!
i still don't have mine and was emailed tracking info that doesn't work on...march 5th.  i emailed on the 6th with a response that they would back to me...no follow up. :-?
so i just found out my local post office not only had my package for over a month, but they just sent it back.  soooooo upset at the usps.  just sent the folks at dacuda a message in hopes they can help me with this issue.
seems like everyone is feeling a little bit frustrated. received mine yesterday. sure looks great, has a lot of potential, but it can barely pair with my mac (tried both 10.10.1 and 10.10.2). hope the wait will be worth it sometime soon.
received mine and was very excited. unfortunately, it appears that the software needs a lot more work before the device will be useful and among my common office tools. notably, rotating the device creates distortions in the scanned image/text that seem to get worse following re-scans :( scanning super slowly and in straight lines seems to be key, which is hopefully something that will be addressed in future updates.
mine still hasn't turned up but my mate who ordered after me has ... what's happened?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
i got mine... barcelona (spain), but in ipad doesn't recognize and the mac drivers seems a little bit odd, maybe in the next firmware, but in this moments for scan 1 page and the result was ok, more than 5 minutes (im not exaggerate ).  unstable bluetooth connectivity (in a sec disappear the connection ). i hope dacuda team will find a solution for all this issues, because it's a cool gadget but now ... doesn't do their propose.
gentlemen: i had ordered a pocketscan on kickstarter last year and have not received it as yet. i have no email that it has shipped. can you please let us know what is happening? thanks!
i have not received my scanner or an email stating where it is. what's the deal?
impossible to use it with my pc. windows 7 can't find drivers so... the pocket scan app is waiting and nothing is going on. no news from dacuda's support. so, waiting for the android app. i'm very disappointed !
where are they? still waiting for my scanner, beginning to be a never-ending story. (california)
i still did not get my pocket scan, im in texas
got the scanner and it looks great! any developments on the android app? thanks!
@ all german pocketscan backers for some of you the delivery of pocketscan still drags on. we are aware of the fact that despite the immediate intervention of dacuda and despite the fact that pocketscan fully complies with all eu regulations not all pocketscans were delivered to german backers yet: while some german customs offices seem to be slow in delivering pocketscan, others seem to have shipped back the products to the originator for various reasons beyond the control of dacuda.   those of you who are affected by the issue will get an individual and detailed update email within the next 24 hours. we would like to emphasize that we take this issue very seriously and are currently interacting directly with the german customs offices to sort it out. even though this might still take a couple of days, please be assured that we will not rest until each and every german backer has received pocketscan.
i haven't tried yosemite via mac but only the ios version - which leaves much to be desired. has anyone compared the two platforms with regard to fidelity of the scans?
mal ne kleine anmerkung zum thema pebble: das war im großen und ganzen ein beschiss an den deutschen backern. die bundesnetzagentur sagt immer noch, dass von pebble nie jemand auch nur versucht hätte, kontakt aufzunehmen und pebble hat auch nie was an den fehlerhaften papieren geändert. die versenden einfach nur mittlerweile über ein zwischenlager in irland oder holland, um den deutschen zoll zu umgehen, mehr nicht. von dacuda habe ich noch nichts gehört...werde wohl auch (mal wieder) den support bemühen...
@dacuda, danke, paket gerade angekommen. keine zollgebühren für mich. aber, leider fehlt (trotz zusage vom support) das premium protective case.... support wurde wieder angeschrieben....
@thomas, mir wird ein neuer pocketscan zugeschickt. angeblich seit freitag unterwegs, aus der schweiz. ich bin mal gespannt, ob da was kommen wird... bezüglich pebble. pebble kommt aus den usa, stichwort sprachbarriere. dacuda ist ein schweizer unternehmen, keine 40 km von der deutschen grenze entfernt...
@german backers: wie von zauberhand hat sich der status meiner sendung bei der deutschen post, nachdem er über eine woche auf "rücksendung an absender" stand, nun auf "an den deutschen zoll übergeben" geändert. natürlich habe ich von denen bis dato nichts gehört. ich habe mich mittlerweile in mein schicksal ergeben. grenzüberschreitender warenverkehr scheint für startups die größte organisationsherausforderung zu sein. wenn man einmal in dieser zollveranstaltung festhängt, hilft nur noch beten. und um das alltime-kickstarter-zollfiasko "pebble" zu schlagen, hat dacuda noch etliche monate reserve.
okay, interessant. auf meine anfrage nach einer tracking id wurde mir nun gesagt, dass das paket noch gar nicht verschickt wurde. lustig..... ----- 10 märz 09:08---- hallo herr stein, tut mir leid das ich nicht zurueck geschrieben habe, aber wir haben einen neuen pocketscan am freitag rausgeschickt er sollte in dem verlauf dieser woche bei dir ankommen! danke, gregor --- 10 märz 10:19 ----- hallo herr stein, es gibt keine tracking id fuer die zweite shipping wave leider denn die packete wurden noch nicht versandt, aber sobald dies geschieht, koennen sie eine tracking id erwarten. das premium case ist mitdabei danke, gregor
natürlich hat sich der support nicht gemeldet. erst nach nachfrage, wurde mir mitgeteilt, dass seit freitag ein neuer scanner auf dem weg zu mir ist. natürlich ohne mir eine tracking id zu geben. wie soll ich das paket somit verfolgen? also erneut dem support schreiben...
dear dacuda-team, according to your website, you are already selling pocketscans to the public and ship them within 7 days after ordering. i'm really disappointed about this, as there are still a lot of backers who didn't get their ks-reward yet and not even get any reaction of you when asking about it. please stop selling them on your page and put your energy into fulfilling the ks rewards first. we are the ones who made this possible so we should have priority.
when i will get myyyy!!!!
um.. i love this thing.   thank you creating a truly useful product.
after five days with it and after a lot of scanning, i can say it really does work for me. where it shines is in scanning text in books; it's so much easier than trying to hold a page flat with one hand or an object while trying to shoot it with an iphone. slower, yes but easier, for me anyway. photos aren't quite up to the level of detail you can get in a flatbed, but they do scan well. it's really about what your needs are. the good news is my mac pairing has been working flawlessly (yosemite); although if there's one criticism it is that even though it's paired, connecting takes a bit longer than i'd like. i think dacuda could do more with the software in terms of apps. right now, i save my photos to me desktop and then open them in photoshop elements. i can't rely on the dacuda software to get the best picture. elements or pixelmator seems to be a necessity for that. all in all, though, i'm very pleased and i hope development continues.
can't get the windows app to start. i'm using windows 8.1 and i keep on getting the  (0xc0000142) error whenever i try to start the program. since all of my ios devices are old, and therefore unable  to run the ios version of the program, i would be able to experience it for the first time when the android app comes out.
@thomas, habe denen ne e-mail geschrieben vor ner woche, das meins seit dem 19 februar aufm rückweg ist. antwort vom 03.03: guten tag sebastian das ist nicht gut. wir werden dem auf den grund gehen und uns in bälde wieder bei dir melden. wir möchten uns nochmals für diese unannehmlichkeiten entschuldigen. beste grüsse dominic ---- bis jetzt keine weitere information. enttäuschend....
hahhhahaahahaa!
hi, i'm intending to buy 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too few thus deciding to buy one more. anyone interested in selling it to me may drop me an email at not.really@stopspamming.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i hope the pocketscan is on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
got my pocketscan and tested it on windows 7 enterprise without trouble. the scanning quality is very good! now i'll just have to wait for android :)
hey dacuda! it's a week now since you emailed about the german customs stuff. unfortunately you still didn't gave any information about whats happening with the already returned shippings. do you resend items automatically? do you need additional information? shell we come back to you via email? are we lost in postal space? dropping a short note shouldn't be asked too much.
i've just downloaded the brand new mac  software and a few test scans worked just great! a gazillion times better than my old, classic hand scanner and very promising even for complex stuff like maps. it's been a while to wait, but definitely worth it!
can anyone tell me what delivery service was used for your package.  i have a tracking but can't figure out who will deliver so i can't track. i messaged but no response.
my unit only flashes red when i connect the usb then nothing. charged it all day!? when unplugging it flashes blue for one time then again noting. i pressed scan button for 4 seconds also nothing? please help. is it faulty?
just used the pocketscan with my macbook pro (running osx 10.10.2) and found that it was brilliant. scanned a page out of a journal and had no trouble. one small issue - after the scan was complete, the software kicked me out and into screen saver (dont know why). logged back in and the scan was ready to evaluate and edit. thought it was actually better on my macbook than on ios.
got my packetscan.... very bad scanner for scanning pictures, my iphone 5s take much much better picture with much more details then this pure scanner. very slow scanning, a lot of holes in the picture, and a lot of little problems. i'm really disapointed from this device - my siple hp scanner do better job...
unstable bluetooth connectivity-connects then disconnects. cannot activate app in mac running 10.9.5. any solutions?
i got my pocket scan like 5 days back. look and feel is nice. windows app is not working properly. it gets crash after like 1-2 uses. no android app. basically i am still waiting for full usage. can you please let us know  1. when windows app will be updated 2. when android app will be available. rest looks good. i tried using scanning pad and it was amazing. this needs little practice, in first 5-10 tries definetly you are not going to get success. but patience is the key. thanks for amazing product. just waiting for android. i tried in office and everyone was looking what the hell i am doing and i got the scan on my laptop. regards, ac
hey just got my pocket scan and have been able to connect with my pc (windows 8.1) and iphone 5 and both have been working well! some quick questions:  will you be able to export tables in excel?  and is the windows software going to be updated soon so that one can export word files? things obviously aren't at 100% so far but those are just growing pains from what i can tell. would be great to have all the functions up and going though!
@ a krishnam raju. >> www.pos.com.my/trackandtrace/trackandtrace 07 feb 2015, 11:18am	item arrived india	india
hello all, the sipping number doesn't work rc010746145my. can some one help me? i sent an email to pocketscan@dacuda.com and i did not get any reply as of now.
testing it more tonight and found that scanning text in a book after practice and watching the videos works well. that's with my ipad. if i shut off the ipad and try to connect it to my imac, that's when i run into trouble. i wonder though if that isn't a bluetooth issue. i've had that problem with other bluetooth devices where they don't like to pair with two different computers at the same time. i seem to be able to work around though by shutting off my ipad, unpairing from my mac and repairing it. it's a pain to do, but it works. i do a lot of scanning for my work and have an office full of wand scanners, pen scanners, flatbed scanners, ios scanners and more and i have to say i'm more impressed with this little thing tonight than i was this afternoon.
has mine shipped?
same here. i got it to work for the first time, but then the connection stalled out. bluetooth with my imac (yosemite) has been iffy. the ios app seems to be working better. the key to a decent scan seems to be to watch that green window as you move the scanner. i'm still having a tough time mastering edges as well as the area in books toward the binding, this despite watching the videos. when it works, the scans are good, not great, but good, good enough for notes, etc. it's still pretty inconsistent. clearly, i need to get a better handle on it, but i do think the software can work a little better, especially the mac software, which is not yet usable in my experience. i'd also still like to know how much scan time can we get from a charge.
the same to me, i installed on my mac book(yosemite) and i can not start the software! i can connect pocketscan with bluetooth!
installed the pocketscan software on my macbook (osx 10.10 yosemite) but it won't start up. 'program is not responding'.
i did not recieve my pocket scan yet. please comment on how fulfillment deliveries are going.
mine arrived this morning. scanning is taking some practice with both the new mac software and ios. dacuda: the battery light is red when charging. does it eventually turn green? if so, how long a charge will it take until it is full?
@ reinhard, ja ich weiß, das fast alle in deutschland dieses problem haben. dacuda macht es aber auch nicht besser... wir müssen nun noch zwei wochen warten, bis die zweite versandrunde losgeht. würde ich pocketscan auf der homepage bestellen, wäre der versand in 7 tagen. finde ich echt enttäuschend....
i havent received my pocketscan in india. could you let me know my tracking number?
@dacuda team, just know you are creating a printable 3d-selfies apps, will we have chance to try this :)
@sebastian: ich weiß, es ist insbesondere in dieser phase eines kickstarter-prrojektes nicht leicht, aber: beruhig dich, hab geduld, alles wird gut ;-) du bist nicht der einzige, dessen pocketscan vom zoll ienfach zurück geschickt wurde, ich und ein paar andere teilen dein schicksal und dacuda ist ja auch noch mitten in der fulfilment-phase.
also der zoll hat es zurück geschickt nicht ich. ich hätte gerne meinen scanner... ggf. sollte ich ihn auf euer seite bestellen? dann hab ich ihn wahrscheinlich eher...
@dacuda, mein paket ist aufm rückweg nach malaysia oder wo auch immer hin....
finally i've received the delivery package on saturday (feb 28), and i have to pay another 60 cents for the post office, that's okay. but 1 thing i don't like using post office is they opened the package, to have a look of what the package inside, and somehow the transparent cover (the one you gave extra for scanning small paper) is bend, i think because when they close the package, they dont put the cover on good position, so it's bend, but everything else is good.. anyway, pairing with ipad mini and win 8.1 is easy, no problem at all, but when i try to scan, the result is always bad, the picture is not align to each other, so it's kind of messy picture.. maybe next time i will try to scan slowly.. anyway, about my request, could you guys, upload all the tutorial videos to youtube, my government blocked vimeo for some reasons, so i can't opened the video. anyway, thankyou for doing great works on the scanner..
tried it with a bluetooth device and my desktop pc (windows 7 pro), as far as i can tell, it seems that windows 7 cannot detect the driver from the pocketscan even after allowing my bluetooth to pair with it from the control panel options. i'm still stuck with trying to pair it as said in the app. if anyone have any ideas on how to pass this, please post it in the comments!
i thought mac os software was promised for last week.  how about an update?
@dacuda please answer my email, i did not recieve my pocketscan, and i've lost the email you have sent me about the tracking package, i'm early backer #95....
@dacuda - can you please reply to my email / pm ?
got me two and seems to work just fine on ios. quality is excellent. any idea as to when the mac app will be available ??
i live in california. i have not received my pocketscan, even though i was one of the very first people to purchase it. hopefully someday i will receive it. if not, thats okay, glad i was able to get you guys $100 when you needed it most.
finally got my pocketscan. issue 1. they used the u.s. postal service (bad idea). went to my local post office and asked if i had any packages. they were like yea we tried to deliver this package to you weeks ago but couldn't because someone needs to sign. so they had it sitting for weeks now and did nothing with it till i came looking for it, like i said usps bad idea they just don't care. issue 2.  opened pocketscan charged it to full power and then followed the videos on how to pair it. guess what it is not showing up as available bluetooth device with all my devices i have tried. i tried iphone 5s, ipad 2, windows 7 and windows 8.1 making sure to allow bluetooth device pairing and devices to be seen. every other bluetooth device i try works just not pocketscan. issue 3. so it appears i have a bad unit what do i do now? please contact me for a replacement unit. ugh was really looking forward to using pocketscan.
@eric agena i've pretty much scanned everything i could find tbh, textbooks, takeaway menus and even labels on bottles and surprisingly it works! in terms of quality i think its based on how well you scan it. if you scan it right, it's basically camera quality. i think the file type is also a thing but the program allows you to choose after the edit. resolution wise, i think you can edit it when you scan it. i scanned it from all angles and the image was correct, no weird lines or disfigured angles. tbh for crowdfunding this is good stuff. props to the makers. at first i couldn't get the device to connect with the program running until i went into the bluetooth devices and allowed the pairing with my pc, then it worked. i think you need to give it permission to pair it with the pc.
same here! i have paid the shipment fee and product, but i also haven't got it yet. what is happening?
hi sent you a dm that i have not received product in massachusetts. all i got was an automated response yet you never got back to me. where is it?
@dacuda - hi! i am afraid i have some bad news too. i knew that pocketscan neither support my ipad 2 or my iphone 4s, but i thought it would be no problem to use it on my desktop with windows 7 professional.  a big mistake! it is simple impossible to establish a bluetooth connection. i tried several bluetooth dongles, on several windows 7 computers and several experts looked at it, but it simply don't work. on internet i find that many (all?) windows 7 users had the same problem to make a bluetooth connection, which mean they also cannot make one, and so cannot use pocketscan either. so far my conclusion must be: perhaps pocketscan is a wonderful gadget, but i simply can't use it now. so it seemed i have paid more than $140 for something that will disappear in the closet now, unused... too bad...
hi, the product looks good. two points of attention: 1) scanning is very slow using iphone6 and 2) i was charged € 21 by the dutch customs.
can't pair with pocketscan.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
@daniel chan - what have you tried scanning so far?  just wondering, as i haven't even bothered trying to set mine up with all the negative reviews here in the comments.  hoping to hear of some positive feedback (specifically about the windows version) before going through the effort, as it really doesn't sound so great at this point.  i was hoping to use it to scan oversized pictures and images from books and such, but it sounds like the resolution and scan quality isn't there (at least not yet).
update: it works. it's brilliant! works on my pc. now i'm just waiting for the android app to come out.
i received an email almost 2 weeks ago that my pockets an was on the way but i have not received it yet (i live in nj). i was wondering if anyone in northeast has received theirs and if so why is mine getting delayed.
i just received an email from dacuda, saying my pocketscan is on the way. looking forward to getting it and trying it out.
@dacuda, dito nerver contacted by german customs.  19 feb 2015, 8:34am	unable to deliver the item others due to action: others	germany your tracking code is rc010753583my ...
@dacuda: i was never contacted by german customs, my pocketscan was just sent back (exactly like thomas') so what happens now? when can we expect our scanners? will we get a new tracking number by mail?
i sent the missing declaration of conformity to german customs (email) and it seems to work. i hope that i will get my pocketscan in the next days. but one question remains: why was there only one pocketscan, not the two that i ordered? could you please look into that.
norman, you are lucky you got a response. i have gotten no responses to my simple requests for information since their last promise posted here, so i forwarded what little correspondence with dacuda that i had ("it will be shipped tomorrow", "it will be shipped in a week", it will be shipped asap") to kickstarter, although i have no hope at this point that will do anything. it's really a shame.
looked at email and the only thin i have is an email that says your request (#1241) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. to add additional comments, reply to this email or click the link below: http://dac.zendesk.com/requests/1241 on the 24th which is not really an answer to the issue and checked spam as well
@norman - we just checked with our support team and it turned out that we sent out an answer to you yestered (wed). please check your email and eventually your spam folder.
@dacuda: good work, guys! that was really fast. unfortunately some backers, including me, weren't put on hold by customs. our shipping is already flagged as returned to sender. is that beeing taken care of automatically or should we address this by mail severally?
sent an email to email provided and still have not heard from anyone or received anything besides xmas card, not impressed
@ all german backers who have not received pocketscan yet because of customs clearance: dacuda has taken immediate action and the import issues are now solved! your pocketscan will be released shortly! further you will receive more details in a separate email. thanks so much for your patience! your dacuda team
hi dacuda, i too have a connectivity problem with mine on a laptop windows 7 home premium. will try to get a bluetooth and connect with a desktop pc. -installed windows software, -connect with bluetooth -pressing the bottom button as instructed but cannot pass through this stage.
hello team  i didn't get the package. living in ca us
hey if the germans are having some form of remedy for import tax so should us uk consumers as my item was also charged 18pounds by dhl import surcharge for a commercial sample..
dear team, the long waiting is finally over, pocketscan arrived today and the good news are, without swiss tax or custom duties. pocketscan works great with my iphone and ipad. text recognition works super and the speech function is astonishing. now i am just waiting for the osx app to come, like some other backers. looking forward to more great stuff from your team and the eth (studied there 30 years ago :-) ). michael
@stephanie and the other germans affected - we are looking into the matter and will get to you with a solution as soon as we find one! @james - we will be in touch via private message @christopher yes it will be available soon! glad that pocketscan reached you so easily!
i still have not received anything please contact me.
got it today from german customs without problems. i would like to give a feedback about pocketscan but i still have to wait for the osx software, i hope it will be available soon.
i had the same problems with german customs today. first, there was only one pocketscan (i ordered two) and second they want to send it back/test/destroy it due to the missing declaration of conformity. does dacuda suggest that we let them send it back and get a new one when everything is sorted out?
@sebastian: just got the same mail
post from dacuda.... ___ dear sebastian we tracked it ourselves and noticed that for some reason pocketscan can't be delivered to you at the moment. this might have to do with the german customs and import regulations. we're currently looking into this matter and will notify you as soon as we have an update. we're sorry for the inconvenience and hope to be able to come up with a solution soon! thanks and regards, dominic
nachtrag: offensichtlich hat der schweizer post-zoll erst mit der menge der gleichen pakete verdacht geschöpft... die deklaration als "commercial sample" und warenwert 45.9$ wäre ja eigtl. in ordnung gewesen. auf meinem paket war jedefalls zuerst ein grüner "abgabefrei" kleber drauf, bevor dieser mit dem roten überklebt wurde...
@sven: habe das schon richtig verstanden, aber genau das ist vor 2 jahren mit dutzenden pebbles passiert: die wurden vom zoll an die bundesnetzagentur geschickt die nach einer prüfung gesagt hat, dass die nicht mit den papieren (konformitätserklärung) übereinstimmt und deshalb nicht eingeführt werden darf. dann gingen die pebbles zurück zum zoll und der hat dann die empfänger vor die wahl gestellt, die pebbles kostenpflichtig einzulagern, bis die probleme geklärt sind, sie zurück zu schicken oder zu vernichten. aber ein bußgeldverfahren wurde da keinem angedroht.
@reinhard: ich habe das erste mal "probleme" dieser art und war selbst ueberrascht. die aussage des zoellners war in bezug auf das bussgeld dahingehend gemeint, dass wenn dieses geraet zur untersuchung gegeben wird, und dabei festgestellt wird, dass es nicht ordentliche bauteile, verarbeitung et cetera zeigen wuerde, ich als bezieher dieses produktes entsprechend herangezogen werden koennte. tatsaechlich sollte es aber gar nicht erst so weit gehen ... die annahme wird verweigert und dakuda muss seine hausaufgaben besser machen. punkt.
@sven: das ist jetzt das allererste mal, dass ich in diesem zusammenhang von einem bußgeldverfahren höre (und ich hab mich schon damals vor 2 jahren wegen der pebble intensiv mit dem thema und den ganzen fällen beschäftigt). aber ich würde die annahme trotzdem verweigern, da du ansonsten lagerkosten bezahlen musst und ich ehrlich gesagt nicht daran glaube, dass dacuda das problem zeitig in den griff bekommt. translation: this is the first time that i hear about summary proceedings in this context (and i concerned myself a lot with this topic and all the cases two years ago because of the pebble). but i still would refuse the acceptance of the sending, because otherwise you will have to pay for storage until dacua solves the problem and to be hinest i don't believe this will happen anytime soon.
hi all, another german backer here who was also calling the customs today. i got the same answer as many others here. actually im about to let them send the product back, cause i dont want to risk any further problems / costs for this tiny tool, cause if i want to get this one i need the documents within the next two days, but no reaction by dacuda on my emails .... das zollamt erklärte mir, dass ich grundsätzlich die annahme verweigern kann und damit nicht gefahr laufe ein bussgeldverfahren zu bekommen, falls das gerät nicht den spezifikationen der eu / deutschland sicherheitsstandards entspricht. da ich keine antwort von dacuda bekomme, die mir rechtzeitig helfen könnte, die entsprechenden dokumente beizubringen, bevor das teil wieder zurück geschickt wird, werde ich dem zoll wohl mitteilen, dass ich es nicht annehmen werde. dämliche situation, auf der anderen seite bin ich froh, dass wir hier diese standards haben! mfg sven
hey dacuda, still waiting to get my pocetscan in israel, sent you 2 mails, and the shipping info on the shipping company site is not updating... please reply to my email! where is my pocketscan!? vainer.
besides, you should know (as dacuda is mostly swiss) that customs invoice must state shipping cost as well, not only value of goods...
ah okay, dann bin ich mal gespannt :/
@tom guttermann: ich hab nur die mail von dacuda mit der tracking-nummer bekommen. mit dieser nummer kann man bei der post anrufen und nach ewigem herumgereiche und durchgestelle wurde mir dann gesagt, dass die sendung vom hauptzollamt in frankfurt wieder zurück geschickt wurde. begründung bekomme ich nicht, die ist auf de mpaket vermerkt, muss also dacuda irgendwie ausknobeln.
habt ihr denn nen brief vom zoll bekommen? ich hab bisher nämlich gar nichts bekommen. muss man sich da melden?
@matthias w.: feels like a deja-vu to me ;-) the same happened to the pebble because they didn't get their documents and certificates right. basically it's not that germany is special....as far as i know, they have the same rules as the rest of the eu, but germany takes faulty documents more serious that the rest of the eu.
i wasn't getting any usable scans when i first got the product, but it seems to be spring pretty well now. i'm able to get decent scans of my drawings which i can then upload to photobucket and download on my tablet to continue working with, rather than having to go through all the extra steps of using the scanner stop my printer.
heute das packet vom deutschen zoll abgeholt (die meinten nur das da vor kurzen schon mal so n packet da war^^, 17,86€ hats gekostet). das teil sieht ziemlich gut aus, leider gehts bis jetzt noch nicht (android app gibts ja noch nicht, unter windows findet er es nicht...). also jetzt erstmal warten bis bzw. ob die app überhaupt für mein handy kommt ... @all: are there any tricks to get the pocketscan working with windows?
so now my scanner is being shipped "asap." last week i was assured it would be shipped "tomorrow." i am doing my best to be, as we are told, "respectful and considerate," but i think i should also add "skeptical."
hello all, i received a letter from "zollamt koblenz", that i have to pick up my scanner there. besides it will cost more than the shipping fee they said, they have to send the scanner to an "institute" for checking a license because it is bluetooth driven. if the "institute" says that the specification is not as that they expect they will send it back to malaysia (my costs) or throw it in the trashcan, wtf??? so many trouble for a small scanner! i never would have buy it with any information about this circumstances! 85$ + customs + some cost for storing it a few days.... horrible!
@dacuda: ahh, good to hear...unfortunately this means, the waiting-game starts into another round :-(
swiss backer here. had to send the document to the zurich customs via mail today. fortunatly, i check my (non e-)mail not very often
@reinhard and the other backers from germany: we are aware of the problem that the german customs have different standards on the declaration of imported goods, so we have already taken on the problem and are trying to find a solution for you guys asap! @jeremy and the others affected by the email - really sorry about the accident! @jeffisme we are doing our best to get pocketscan to you asap! we are receiving a lot of requests about pocketscan, but we promise to send it to you asap! @norman for individual shipping questions get in touch via pocketscan@dacuda.com so we can help you the best way possible! @gerrits mac os will be released this week, so you don't have to wait much longer! @manje the scanpad is for small and glossy items, so they don't reflect too much and don't move around while scanning @s. janssen please note that iphone 4s is not supported, nor was this ever announced (please see our faq). we are still trying to figure out the ipad3 problems with the mfi protocol.
hum...i'd love to have a reaction of dacuda on the issue with german customs...are there any backers from germany that didn't encounter problems?
thanks for sending that fake invoice days to late... paid chf 43.05 customs. hopefully swiss customs are stupid enough to let the fake invoice pass for the other backers and not get that the other devices were worth 109 $ - or you/they'll pay a fine for trying to fake them.... and finally let's hope the device will be worth 152$ in the end...
@reinhard they sent an e-mail to all swiss backers and used the cc instead of bcc. but it was an accident. sorry for the reaction here.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
@thomas: thanks for the advice. regarding the voice-recognition-robot-hell, silence is the key! just say nothing and press nothing until you are connected to a human ;-) and you were right, our pocketscans were blocked and returned by customs in frankfurt, no idea why, but i would bet on faulty documents :-( @jeremy: what are you talking about?
thank you for sharing my e-mail address with 100 people! i'm very happy!
@reinhard: pos malaysia says "unable to deliver the item others due to action: others" for me, too. however, the shipment got a new tracking id from deutsche post after arrival at fra which can be obtained by phone at the dpag phone helpline @ 0228/28609898, international postal procedures ftw. your mission, should you decide to accept it, is to circumvent the voice-recognition-robot-hell to find a real person. good luck :-) my new status is "the item could not be delivered and is beeing returned to sender" and i have the sneaky suspicions, yours too.
i haven't gotten mine either. i backed the project and then paid the extra shipping back in november. they seemed to have lost that. then i got a notice that said if i didn't pay for shipping, i'd have to pony up $50. fortunately, i saved the receipt and sent it to them. then they said it would be shipped "shortly." i asked how they defined shortly. i was told a week. a week later, i contacted them, they said the next day. when that didn't happen, i contacted them again and was told "shortly" and then again the next day. the next day was last week. still no tracking number. two subsequent emails, asking for a status update have not been returned. it's a bit frustrating dealing with them. it's not like they are general motors. it would seem to me that when there's a screw up, the best thing to do would be to apologize and overnight a unit, but i think they are still learning customer service. reading all these comments though, has not been reassuring about how useful it will be when it does arrive and how many versions of the software will need to be released before it works smoothly. i am not questioning their honesty, but all of this does raise some interesting questions in my mind about whether it makes sense to invest in kickstarter technology projects. too often it has seemed that the processes of development, manufacturing and distribution are simply too much for a small group of people to handle. it will certainly make me think twice before backing another hi-tech project.
i am in the us and have not received tracking information or anything, what can i do get one of these?
received my pocket scan today, paid chf 9 for customs. now found out that not yet supporting mac.. however, don't get it that it is here displayed as supporting three mac os versions?
so far, i am not very impressed with the scanner. it's rather clumsy to connect to bluetooth and when i scan, it's very accurate with imagery at all. furthermore, when using it with ios, after my first scan, the next time i try to scan it seems to crash the app and just stays on the loading screen. hopefully this will all improve, but right now, it is just simply sitting on my desk with very little use and i am using my old flat bed scanner. now i don't mean to sound negative, i am sure all these kinks will get worked out, i would have just preferred them to have been worked out before i received the unit.
@thomas: you are only partially right. pebble didn't solve the issue with german customs at all. their only "solution" is to send pebbles to germany via a warehouse in ireland, so they simply circumvent german customs. they still didn't get their documents right and basically shouldn't be allowed to be imported into the eu at all. but that's a different story (hopefully!).  my tracking-information didn't change, it still says "unable to deliver the item others due to action: others" but at least it's still in germany and not yet on it's way back. i have informed dacuda about this, but didn't get a response yet (other than an automated response-mail)
@german fellows in misery: customs didn't took the trouble to inform me. the tracking status simply switched from "held by customs" to "return to sender". @dacuda: please guys, tell me, that you can handle this customs issue. i remember pebble, they needed several month to get on top of this.
i got mine today but i had to pay 42.- chf for customs payments
my trackig-page says "19 feb 2015, 8:34am - unable to deliver the item others due to action: others"
i also have received anything including an email with shipping information.  i paid for shipping after the fact but did pay.  what should i do?
i have not received mine and i have paid for shipping. what should i do?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
i've got the same problem in germany. do you have the needed papers? otherwise i habe to send the pocketscan back.
ah, germany! protectionism at its "best"!
@manje jung: you can find a tutorial video on how to use the scanpad in the last update
what's the scan pad for? can't really find a use for it.
@ralph wilhelms what if we installed the software of windows, but didn't use it or pair it with the scanner? because i did that, while i still waiting for my scanner coz i haven't received it, but it didn't give impact to my wifi. @creator could you please upload the video tutorials to youtube, coz my government blocked vimeo for some reasons, so i could not open all your tutorials.
i have installed the scanner software onto windows 8.1. i did get it to work. when it is working, it does what it is supposed to do. the scans align just fine and they are sharp and colors are good. now for the bad stuff. it took a while to get it to pair up. it does seem that there is some serious problems with the micro code that runs in the scanner itself. to make it pair after several failed attempts, i did a hard reset on the scanner. this is that tiny button next to the usb charge port. just press it momentarily and it is reset. after the reset, it paired instantly. so that tells me that there's problems in the micro code. once it was paired, it worked as advertised. i did get one crash of the program but i can't duplicate it to get an understanding on what is going wrong. the biggest problem, and it is huge, is that once the software is installed, wifi doesn't work properly. upon uninstalling it, it works once again even without a reboot. installing it again and the problem returns. yup, it is the software. it would appear this is really a beta release and should have never been shipped. i test beta software all the time. there is now way this should have not been detected during the testing. many companies feel that testing this stuff on a few dozen machines in maybe a dozen different environments is good testing. this software is a testament that this is not true. it takes 100s of people to do a proper test. so this software wasn't tested well at all and should not be presented as a version 1.0 release. it is a beta at best. this product shows a lot of promise. i am impressed on how it works when it is working. right now, it is going to be useless for a lot of people if their wifi gets messed up like mine and several others that have reported this problem. fixing this should be the highest priority right now. so for now, i will install the software when i need to use the scanner and then remove the app when done. also, anyone have pairing problems, try to do a hard reset on the scanner and see if this fixes your problem.
@martin danke für die info. @dacuda: bekommt ihr es bis zum 3. märz hin, die informationen an den zoll weiterzugeben(??), oder kann man gleich ankreuzen zurück schicken......
i too have a connection problem. both with ipad 3 (as mentioned) and with iphone 4s. ipad mini 2 did connect after several tries.
i also have problems to get my delivery here in germany. i got a letter from customs. it said that they are not allowed to release the delivery because of missing information from manufacturer side. customs showed the product to the bundesnetzagentur. according to them following information are missing to be used in germany: - information which bluetooth type is used - confirmity declaration for the european union - german manual i can decide between the delivery been destroyed or send back if they do not get the information from the manufacturer until march 3rd. original letter (german) begründung unserer mitteilung: das inverkehrbringen wird untersagt. es handelt sich um ein nichtkonformes produkt. einer wiederausfuhr kann zugestimmt werden. einzelheiten/risikobewertung: auf dem produkt fehlt eine angabe zur identifizierung (typ o.ä.)[prodsg §7 / fteg §3, §9(1),(3,(4) / fteg §11(1)]. der hersteller hat die geräte also nicht für den einsatz in der eu vorgesehen. es fehlt die eg-konformitätserklärung (ke) bzw. dessen fundstelle. bei fteg-relevanten produkten ist die konformitätserklärung dem gerät beizufügen. alternativ kann eine erklärung des herstellers auf die einhaltung der grundlegenden anforderungen der r&tte richtlinie in verbindung mit einer fundstelle zur anforderung der konformittserklärung angegeben werden [fteg §10 (3)]. es fehlt die deutsche gebrauchsanleigung - somit werden dem benutzer wichtige informationen zur sicheren und bestimmungsgeäßen nutzung vorenthalten [prodsg §3 / fteg §10 (3)].
finally a connection but until now not one scan is ok. making a picture with the phone or ipad is much quicker and a better quality. where s the profet? its going on ebay for a give away price.
@all see our latest update for some tips on how to use pocketscan and some clarifications on our current software status! hope this will clarify some things for you, guys! @sebastian @tom yes, we declared it lower, since those are "product samples" and were not purchased on our online shop! hopefully the kickstarter confirmation for your pledge will help to receive pocketscan from the german customs @aiki sent you a pm @t.ozguner check out our latest update! hopefully some of our tutorials can help you out! @mohammed thanks for the feedback. something is clearly not quite alright there. we are currently updating the ios app again so there should be an improved experience for you! @michelle thanks for your feedback! see our latest video to see how to best deal with edges! @jeff see our latest update for the latest news on pocketscan and the software. there is already an ios app update in the pipeline waiting for approval by apple to be added to the appstore and we will run another round of improvements on all platforms as soon as all platforms are supported!
@tom same problem... 19 feb 2015, 8:34am	unable to deliver the item others due to action: others	germany (german) anscheinend haben die mitarbeiter von dacuda den wert des pocketscan mit 45$ angegeben. blöd nur, dass wenn man nach dacuda pocketscan googlet einen wert von 199$ dollar findet...
after waiting such a long time now: 19 feb 2015, 8:45am 	unable to deliver the item others due to action: others 	germany
@creator cab i have the tracking number for the shipment? still not yet received my pocketscan  thanks
received my scan today and was very curious to work with it. unfortunately i couldnt pair the bluetooth with both my ipad air as iphone 6!! i was hopefull to the read the solution on kickstarter, however after reading all the negative feedback i even got more pessimistic...
i'm having the same problem as anyone else. the app is crashing even with the smallest scans. it takes a lot of time to get a decent scan. and when i'm almost done, the app crashes. i'm using my iphone 6 and i closed all the other apps to make sure the memory is fully available to the app. but again, it still crashes.
the scanner has promise, but that software though... i haven't gotten a good scan just yet, the software is buggy as ####. there is a lot of promise here though. i'd say the biggest annoyance is that it's so spastic about edges. as soon as you get to one, it freaks out.
@creators - any big software updates to address issues? how will we be notified in the future is there are updates? do you have an email blast list you send out to your users notifying them of updates moving forward? i really want this to work like the video and hope you guys can tweak it to do so, else i'm like everyone else posting - pitching this into a drawer somewhere and chalking it up to a failed device and attempt.
i've tried pocketscan with my iphone 5s. so far, this device is totally unusable. i should have  bought an irisscan mouse executive (79€). too bad. wait and see!
i collected my pocketscan from the post office today. i've tried several scans with my ipad mini retina. if i try /really/ hard i can get an ok scan, otherwise there are missing areas, black blocks or other artefacts. having to rotate at the bottom of a page is a design issue also. i can't see myself using this, or recommending to anyone. it's going in a drawer, and maybe i'll dig it out in 3 months if the software improves the usability. otherwise i'm chalking this one up to experience.
@clement foo: you posted this for the 18th time now...don't you think, that this is the wrong place, as it will only be seen by people, who already bought a pocketscan? please stop posting your offer here and put it on craigslist or ebay or whatever platform you wish.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
any updates on a big software update to make this work easier and more like the promo video? i was one of the first 100 sent one and i must say i'm not using it often because of the scanning issues. hoping it can be worked out and updated somehow to make this worth while, else its like a wasted effort. i really, really wanted this to work too.
in video look so easy to scan and so simple but when got part last week and try it not easy keep error and double very slow :( hope there something can update and fix or this before waste of money :(
received mine today. first tried with ipad mini. absolutely horrible. couldn't get a scan right, black squares everywhere no matter how slow i scanned. then tried with my iphone 6. much better. this is the 'paint-like' experience that i wanted to have when looking at the promo video. because mobile cameras are so good nowadays i am in doubt, however, how much i will use this devices. everything can be captured using the camera. so i wonder if any of you have some great ideas that would justify using the pocketscan instead of the build-in camera?
hi dacuda, received my pocket scan today! (netherlands) looks great and some test scans are good. thanks again and good luck!
@dacuda - my pocketscan arrived today in good order here in the netherlands. i am impressed by the very professional package and the pocketscan itself look sturdy and easy in use. it fits fine into the luxe bag i've ordered too. so far the good news. the bad news is, i cannot use it now. i knew the iphone 4s was not supported, and my (old, but still very good working) ipad 2 either, but i hoped that it will work on my desktop with windows 7 professional. so far not, because i have troubles making a bluetooth connection. now i know what the problem is, but can't solve it before next week.  so will be continued, i will report next week if it will work properly.  @gregg - on the dacuda site you see that they already know the shortcut is blank without a name. you can run it without problems to click right mouse, and run it as administrator. greetings!
windows 7 home edition, running an i7-2720mq processor. the scanner is more than acceptable for me, but here are my problems: the install is not quite right. the shortcut that is added has no name to it, and is a blank icon. the app sits in the background, but when i right-click on it to exit, it becomes frozen in the background. the install appears to interfere with my wifi hardware -- apparently a conflicting ip issue was created. i began having trouble holding my wifi signal to my router, the moment after i installed the pocketscan app. as impossible as this may be, as soon as i uninstalled it, all the problems with my wifi disappeared. you may want to look into this. the included software to edit the image, has a notable bug where i cannot reset the hue if i happen to slide it around to test the colors. it's okay for a beta app, and i would have kept the app on my computer, but i need my laptop to do work and i can't have my wifi constantly running into problems every few minutes.
sara remember: there were no risks. it was even: "we have built the tools for ensuring quality checks and device calibration in the factory and have created a fully functional manufacturing prototype" this was when they startet the project. also with their exp everybody expected high professionalism. but atm it seems that they are overwhelmed by the pll and the project.
sorry, sara, but we all saw the video that the developers posted. they had a choice as how to portray the scanner, and they depicted it as a nearly finished product. they used that video to get $500,000. there was no indication in the video that the scanning software was still in the pre-alpha stages, far from it. and it seems to many people who have received their scanners (and despite being an original backer, i'm not one of them because they lost my order) that the software simply is not on par with how it was portrayed. i don't think people are ignoring you; they just don't agree with what you are saying, and given the way it was advertised, it's totally understandable. watch the film again and tell me that this is made out to be a product in the earliest stages of development. it's not. and they simply should have been more straightforward about it in their video. had they done so, i would still have backed it, but it wouldn't have left such a sour taste in my mouth after reading the comments.
@richard c it was not "sold as" will work. you backed a project that hoped to include the ipad 3 as one of its supported devices.
i'm waiting for software updates or for open source sdk, otherwise this product is not usable.
again i request a refund. it does not work on my ipad 3.  the product was sold as will work and it does no.   refund
my pocketscan arrived today. i put it to the test with an ipad air and an iphone 4s both running the latest version of ios8. works with the air. the iphone gives me a ‚this accessory is not supported by this iphone’. not happy. as for the ipad while not working as smoothly as in the kickstarter video the unit is not unusable either. the software does need serious improvement though. beside auto detect it should allow for manual settings akin to desktop software. especially color adjustment, b/w, text only and saving in tiff format would be highly appreciated. it is also taking too long from pressing the scan button until scanning actually starts. more export options (dropbox, btsync, goodreader etc) are needed as well. @dacuda but what is most important right now is to step up your damage control or you run the risk that pocketscan will be history before it ever got a chance to shine. you have to address the various issues at hand before this blows up any further. don’t forget: the users who actually complain are only the tip of the iceberg. but it is not too late. - apologize to users that expectations have not been met - tell them what you are currently working on - give an estimate of when users can expect software for their device (android/macos/?)  - provide i a roadmap for when what features will be implemented in the app - while this may be a bitter pill to swallow offer refunds to users who bought pocketscan for devices you promised to support but can't (i.e. ipad3) - give some best practice tips (remove protection from scan surface, charge unit, etc) maybe even provide a short instructional video (just don't waste too much time on the video. getting the update out should be the highest priority.) - be as transparent as you can a mismatch between customer expectations and what the product is currently capable off is the biggest issue at the moment. you want to set expectations straight a.s.a.p.! i hope this will find a happy end and the product will eventually work as advertised in the ks-video.
i am very disappointed.  the faq that are _still posted at kickstarter_ say that pocketscan will support 3rd generation ipads--which is what i have. the box i got has a label pasted over the original printing (that i assume says the same thing) which says that only 4th generation ipads are supported.  so the bottom line seems to be that i cannot use my pocketscan with my current equipment, there being (so far as i can tell) no os app available.  this is not good.  i went to the dacuda website and saw no sign of customer support.  so i wonder whether i have backed a product that is going to be useless to me for the foreseeable future.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com (: payment will be made through paypal. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
@galit looks like most of the others ignored it :/ glad someone didn't though!
**frustrated** i just received my pocketscan but i can't use it. i have an apple probook computer, an android galaxy note 4 phone and an older ipad2. will i be able to use it on any of these devices anytime soon?
got my two devices today.  still cant use them yay cause there is still no android app... it looks to me that i wasted 200 bucks..
tracking says, my pocketscan is being held by customs for a week now, but i didn't get a notification to pick it it up at the customs-office yet :-/
@sara benigni that was a wonderful post, thank you so much for sharing! (i wholeheartedly agree by the way!) =)
i wasnt surprised to read other comments about usability of pocket scan and am frustrated with: - not getting a proper scan 1/20 times successful and i had to go really slow - trial and error to get it sliding think it needs a wheel or something to smoothly glide over surfaces i would like to see the team show videos of them and the public doing it themselves how it works - while scanning it loses orientation and apparently refers to repositioning to top right corner which doesnt make sense when the area im scanning is a picture and repositioning means scanning an area that is white - my kid does a better job at scanning and enjoys it i guess thats a positive that i wont chuck it away but a really expensive toy, havent said that no perfect scan as well but overlapped pics. i guess i can consider a lesson on patience to do this exercise! - received package which said on outside its a commercial sample so did i receive an early prototype hence these issues or this is the real deal? - this is the only item i backed so far to experience cognitive dissonance, doesnt work as it should, perhaps more time to finetune it before launch?
hi dacuda team ! just received the pocketscan here in france. thanks a lot! very clean and professionnal package. but there is a problem : the software need to be improved.. :/ i have no problem pairing the scanner and my win7 laptop. but when i tried to scan a small page, i got errors.. sometimes the software lose the orientation and all the scanned stuff has to be restarted.. if i move the scanner near the edge of documents, the software ask to go on an already scanned part.. so i cannot scan a book page for example.. please could you tell me the use for the transparent scan pad ? keep up the good work ! :) alain
i agree with jb: for a comparison, i scanned the same document with pocketscan, and then with my camscanner using my iphone 6. sadly to say: it took ten times longer, with much overlap issues jb mentioned, but more critically, the resolution was inferior to my iphone scan! even the color values were less accurate (it over saturated the image by a large amount!). wish i could show a comparison here, but i've given you a link to a dropbox file where you can compare: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/g7qqx9dubspbh3h/aaccdxe3n3pzazgbd83gfbswa… let me know what y'all think. for me, it seems like this technology is a few years away from being mature and reliable. maybe dacuda can prove me wrong with software upgrades, but even if they get the kinks out of alignment and better saturation and tint, you are still left with the resolution issue, something that i don't know can be surmounted. pity.
many of you could benefit from reading this: http://stonemaiergames.com/an-open-letter-to-kickstarter-backers-from-a-tiny-publishing-company/ this is funding. not a pre-order. that is why the tiers are listed as rewards and not purchases. the company is trying hard to get everything out there and functional. i know firsthand how incredibly difficult it is to work with apps and multiple platforms. hundreds to thousands of small problems come up that must be addressed, and fixing those could derail other parts of the software. you took a risk when you backed this project. they have kept us updated, informed us of issues in production and responded to our comments. as long as they continue to do so, they have my full support and i will patiently watch the pocketscan be improved upon.
not happy at the moment. you declared it as 45$ value and the duty (switzerland) is holding it back cause they don't trust this number. i had to send them a copy of my payment confirmation. you already have a product and should know things like that.
i also experience very slow scanning speeds and there are still troubles with alignment.  as the pocketscan can only scan a small area, you'll need to scan area's where there's an overlap. every time these overlapping area's are scanned they are not aligned anymore, even if you don't move the book, paper etc. and keep it in place. it takes a lot of time to get a good scan, so this really has to be improved or else this scanner loses its purpose.
when i backed this project it was suppose to be compatible with iphone 4s and it was never mentioned that it wouldn't work under ios 7. so it is no use for me. since you did not keep your part of the deal i am asking for a refund please.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.  i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
how long does it take to receive an item in europe when it was sent with malaysian post? received my tracking number on feb. 4th and it says the package was already send but theres no update till today if i want to track it further with my number...
my genius scan works much better and faster than the pocket scan.
i finally recieved the product on february 13th and was incredibly excited and withheld from reading the comments until i could experience the device myself. now that i've been able to put it to some practical tests and to see if it would live up to the hype dacuda marketed it with, i've come to the sad conclusion i'm 100% in agreement with @craiggiven and @timmyhuynh it's in its alpha stage at best and i would definitely reconsider owning this product. when my mobile phone (oneplus one) and ipad (mini 2) can handle more efficient scans with cam scanner and evernote, i really wonder why i paid $140 for something that doesn't do anything better or new than what i already own. the lagging and quality of the scan is truly unbearable, given the amount of time they had asked for production and prototyping, foreshadowing of the products release. there's not even fully function applications available for the majority of the market they were advertising would be made for upon release (as demand requested) but the most important issue is the ease of use of this product and how it will be minimal until some serious software updates can be made.
here's a better, annotated version of my comparison images: http://f.cl.ly/items/2k3u0v2s0k02292p3n3f/dacuda-pocketscan-vs-iphone5-img_0666.jpg
following up on my earlier comments from a couple days ago: 1) thanks for responding (although i have yet to see movement on any of the points). 2) i finally figured out that pocketscan for ios does not work on ios 7, only ios 8. this should be stated on your download page and elsewhere: www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan 3) congrats on finally being available in the itunes store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/dacuda-pocketscan/id940570984 4) that link to itunes should be posted prominently all over this damn kickstarter page. 5) here is a comparison between a photo taken with the native camera in an iphone 5, and the pocketscan: http://cl.ly/image/3x2e1o0q3m3r/dacuda-pocketscan-vs-iphone5-img_0666.jpg conclusion: the white balance is much better since the pocketscan has a dedicated light, but the colors are oversaturated, the detail is utterly lacking (this scan seems to be equivalent to less than a 600 dpi flatbed scanner, which is very disappointing), the midtones and dark areas are kludgy and useless, and the entire scan is obviously highly compressed.
received pocketscan today. well crafted. some issues though. 1. it does not work with my old ipad 3 and the ipad 3 says "this accessory is not supported by this ipad" 2. when scanning large pages, it always timeout.  before i can finish the scan of the page, it auto saves and quit
i received mine (az, usa) and while i was worried after reading other posts, it's an impressive little device. it arrived charged which was nice- set up was quick and painless on an iphone and i was playing with it right away. i've experienced both scans with no stitching issues and scans where the transmission seemed to be lagging, causing it to lose its place and distort the image. the ones that went well, went really well- i could purposely skip over a portion at the top left of the page, scan all the way down to the bottom, then trace back up across the page and fill in the blank seamlessly. i also purposely went off page and the lifted the device up, at which point it displayed a warning graphic and showed an indicator box on the image of its last location. i went back to that point on the page, and it picked right back up and finished the scan with no distortion. i'm no stranger to being an early adopter of tech and while it has those instances of just not wanting to work, i'm impressed that it works as well as it does (when it does) being a brand new product. i was curious about bluetooth interference so i tried a few scans in the same rf heavy location- the results varied and i was able to get good results among the bad, but i'm not ruling that out yet as a cause of some of the issues people are having. the document does need to stay in the same place- the only way i've been able to guarantee a bad scan is moving the paper. my biggest disappointment is the size limitation. i understand it now but didn't pay attention when i backed and was hoping to use this for very large documents in need digitized from time to time. i hope there's a way to get around this in the future. admittedly my uses don't rely on accurate color so i haven't tried and won't comment on that. in my opinion these guys delivered based on the assumption that they will fix the software glitches over time. i'm glad i backed this product. here's a link to a scan and the resulting (almost perfect) text recognition in a word doc- https://www.dropbox.com/sh/77qebv7fm02e6dj/aad7bpo-s3u_rdk2t0012-9xa…
i can't seem to pair with windows.  i have windows 7 and when i pair it says unknown device as 1 of the bluetooth peripherals is 'unknown'/'doesn't have drivers'
@sara benigni i already received the email with tracking number, but it doesn't work, i can't track my pocket scan
received my saturday. paired up easily but the scans were bad. i read ronald j conti's post and realized there is a clear protective sticker on the bottom. i removed that and it works great now. if anyone else is having scanning problems i would check to be sure the protective sticker has been removed. thanks ronald.
reading through the high percentage of negative reviews is troubling enough, but as an original backer i have yet to receive a tracking number despite a promise that i would be getting one. i was pretty excited about this just a month ago but am really wondering what's going on with both shipping and development.
@flor prada you should have gotten a tracking number emailed to you.
i got my pocketscan hour ago in the czech republic. everyone in eu had to pay vat for their device? 25€ extra for vat is not little. anyway device looks nice but i'm unable to pair it with my computer. i held the power button until battery indicator and scan button started blinking then i tried to add device in my computer but there's a problem. i tried to add it like 20 times but my computer found pocketscan only 3 times. unfortunately when it finally found it it was unable to pair with pocketscan. i tried to pair pocketscan with samsung galaxy s3 and sony xperia z2 a it was able to pair with those two device (i know i can't use this devices to scan but i wanted to test functionality of bluetooth). so is there anything wrong with my computer? any idea what i should try? i have asus g10ac-cz009s with windows 8.1. thank you for your advice.
hello. i ordered my pocketscan from colombia. i have been reading comments from people telling that they already get it. i would like to know when is mine coming or if there is any problem with the delivery. thank you.
i would like to see some ability to calibrate the scanner.  finding that the colors are extremely saturated. i don't care about my sketches since it's just like art but i would like color images to be close to "accurate". thoughts?
software needs much work. terrible speed and terrible stitching. lags badly. if the paper was moved while scanning the software will apparently misalign the graphics. time delay before a scan can be taken properly is weird. i have never been able to fully scan an a4 sized paper clearly and perfectly without getting the not enough time indicator. more work has to be done dacuda. the device is beautiful and works but the software can't complement it. you guys are an established company with a proven software team based on your mouse scanners, this project is disappointing sadly on the software side:(
@all thank you for your feedback. some of the things you notice are certainly things that need to be updated and improved in the software. however, if you feel like there clearly is something wrong with your pocketscan, please get in touch with us via pocketscan@dacuda.com so our support team can help you out! we really take your questions and problems seriously and want to make sure that you can scan and achieve great results, so if there actually needs to be some fixing of your pocketscan, we want to make sure we provide it! @sanchay sorry to hear that, we hope we can continue to improve the software to convince you otherwise! ;) @timmy thanks for your feedback! we will include it in our next update to show you a little more about how we use pocketscan to achieve the best results! @simon great! thanks for sharing your feedback with us!
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.  i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
not too happy with pocketscan.  the scannable app by evernote blows this away.  sorry, wish i could post a better review.  the packaging was great.
@simon have you tried scanning the bottom of a page? it seams that on my scans, it is mostly where the stitching/sliding problems happen.
picked up my pocketscan this am at the p.o. after a missed delivery yesterday. so far, satisfied with the results... pros: • professional packaging, case is nice (though a bit tight). • device quality is excellent in appearance, weight and feel. • easy to pair (with my ipad air 2) • software (which is on app store now) is simple and fairly intuitive. only one crash during multiple uses. • instant scanning feedback is accurate, and results good. ocr is quick. translate and speech to text are very nice. • sharing options are very good. would prefer a way to create multi-page scan before export to ensure formatting. also, an auto-share with evernote or similar apps. cons: • charging port cover a bit flimsy • long software delay when beginning scan is unacceptable. gesture speed for scanning is too slow. although expected to give up speed (compared to photo based scanning apps), not this much. • positioning of laser requires some uncomfortable motions to capture whole page without running off edge. • occasional stitching issues, though improved as i got better at using. • ocr is a bit spotty, especially with alternative fonts and italicized text. summary: i am happy with my pocketscan, but probably one or two software/firmware versions away from confidently whipping this device out in the middle of a meeting to scan an agenda into evernote. but will be handy for spot scans where holding an ipad over a document, book, etc to take a photo is just not practical. my rating: hardware 5/5, software 2/5, overall 3/5
i hope you will propose a refund if pocketscan is not compatible with iphone 4s.
got my pocket scan...not nearly living up to my expectations...useful but not exceptional
hi i just tried to scan some image and text on my ipad air i made a short video so you can see the scanning process. i have no problems scanning fast and exact. (full resolution!) the cover-image (the "magnum") is a bit dark and the font is not clear, but this is because of a reflecting silver color. i'm happy with pocketscan, still miss the table-feature and stability of the app could be improved :) video: http://youtu.be/i5p5vywvuyq result as pdf: https://www.dropbox.com/s/rmsuzg339fwlx53/scan_20150214_1628.pdf…
can't connect with my iphone 4s. it's unspported
scanned an image this time. result is disappointing again. colors are off (too dark mostly), resolution is insufficient, and again, it seams to skip, althought there was only two swipes movement (right to left, and left to right). http://i.imgur.com/uwaxrh3.jpg
by the way, i also tried it on other types of documents (invoice, title page of a word document, etc.). end up with somewhat better results, but after way too much attempts.
totally agree with timmy's description of the problems with pocketscan (and they are not small). scanning is really bad, and make the pocketscan simply unusable. stitching end up badly, whatever i do (scan slowly, scan fast, scan top down, scan buttom up, etc). it seems to skip after some time scanning, even though i'm very cautious that the scanner itself is straight from the beginning to the end of the process. see some photos for 3 scans of the same material (which should be a very easy one to scan). i actually tried 8 times and end-up with quite the some results. failed scan #1 http://i.imgur.com/aj83bwi.jpg failed scan #2 http://i.imgur.com/46exvt8.jpg failed scan #3 http://i.imgur.com/rbpbv6e.jpg very desappointed to say the least.
can't connect with my iphone 4s !!!
doesn't work on my ipad 3. says the device is not supported. will this be resolved soon?
i got mine today in switzerland!
just like to add some thoughts as well after an hour or so with the scanner. the good: build quality is good. the scanner feels solid in my hands. i purchased the case, and it also seems to be built well, a good fit, maybe bordering on the too snug side. packaging also looks nice, and it would not feel out of place in your local office supply store next to any of the big names. although the unit did not come charged, i didn't have any trouble connecting it to my iphone 5s once i put some juice into the scanner. the app is pretty straightforward to use, and the ui intuitive. however... the bad: the scanning process itself leaves quite a bit to be desired. i had bought this to mainly use as a mobile scanner for the instax photos (instant film, similar to polaroid) that i shoot. that way i'd be able to have a digital record, and be able to give away the photos immediately. currently i bring the photos home to scan, and mail them to my friends afterwards. the scanning process in its current state is really finicky. from what it appears, the unit is taking lots of photos and stitching them together. but even after 10 or so tries, going both quickly and slowly, i was never able to get even a half-decently scanned photo. either the edges didn't line up, or there were gaps in the photo. when i would try to go back and re-scan those gaps, the photo would just get jumbled. i had more luck creating art pieces with my scans than actual reproductions. compared to how the iphone takes panoramic photos, the scanning process feels like a much inferior process. it'd be nice if there was a "how-to" which shows best practices for scanning, but even then, the software and firmware needs quite a bit of work to be done in order to even get to a point for beta consideration. i'd say it's in alpha stage at the moment. i'm vaguely hopeful that further versions will improve, but considering that the company is still working on the mac and android versions, it will probably be a while. i'm tempted to try and sell my unit, but i doubt anyone would want to buy it after reading all of the early reviews so far. however, if you absolutely your scanner and would like to have another, i'd be more than willing to part with it for cost + shipping. (timmy2huynh@gmail.com) tl;dr - physical build is solid, but the scanning process itself leaves a lot to be desired. not production ready at all, feels more like an alpha version, super early beta, at best.
i got mine yesterday.  it's pretty awesome.  good project guys.
how do you access the user manual?  when i installed the windows software, nothing happened when i clicked user manual.
@ thomas little....just a thought. have you removed the protective plastic from the glass on the bottom of the unit?
it was suppose to work with iphone 4s
this does not work on my iphone 4s as its not supported.  that is a huge bummer because i do not want to buy a new phone.  also waiting for the mac support to come out so i can at least try my scanner... hoping these updates will be coming soon.
after having operated this device for over 2 hours, here are my observations. installed app on 2 ipads (air & air 2) and 2 iphone 5s's, paired pocketscan to all devices with no problem. was able to perform a test scan on all devices without issue. the software/firmware is not a finished product yet. i believe this *could be* a great little product, but as others have said - it's just not there yet.. when trying to scan 15 yr old color photos, i found that the scans come out too dark. the resolution is too low, and they also become a bit blurry. once the @creator has the time to resolve this with software/firmware i think this could be a great product. text to type for english was amazing. when scanning a document with text the resolution is adequate and seems to do a better job than with pictures. i would still consider this product a beta product at best.
wish i could say that this product works great but i wouldn't know since it doesn't work on my ipad 3 which i was told it would work on when we signed up for this kickstarter here's the response that the creator has given to me we solved the challenge to transmit video over bluetooth and the software is working. ios compatible devices are required to run apple's mfi standard, but this standard is not supported on ipad's of the 3rd generation. we will further look into this issue and there may or may not be a solution in the future. in the meantime pocketscan supports newer ios devices, devices and computers running windows and will in the future support a growing list of android devices and os.
nevermind it is on the app store now !
to those of you can't install pocketscan ipa file from itunes, install it through the ifunbox app (free) on mac/windows.
i just want to thank you for this great product. i'd downloaded the app from the app store (with no problem) and did a test scan. everything works great! i know it's a long shot but would you perhaps support windows phones one day?
@sebastian stein @thomas stein: mine is held aswell. german note: vermutlich bekommen wir die tage post vom zoll. man kann das paket dann dort abholen und muss 19% einfuhrsteuern entrichten.
i have just received my pocketscan. incredible product. downloading app, pairing on i phone, first scan: 5 minutes! on the other hand, the app for mac does not work. it is already necessary to modify the security preferences to be able to download the app and then impossible to open the app which is de facto in i tunes. a way to manage with this?
@voyteck @everyone really once you have been certified as a developer for apple software, you still must have them approve any apps before they are allowed to be put up into the app store. until then, it's unlikely they'll work, even downloaded directly. they've already stated multiple times that they're still on pending approval for the app store.
thanks for answering! now i have a iphone 4s and ios 7. does that mean i cannot use your pocket scan?
it looks like it's been a total waste of money. i can't download the software from the website because  "pocketscan_1.0.7_32-enterprise.ipa” can’t be opened because it is from an unidentified developer. your security preferences allow installation of only apps from the mac app store and identified developers.” so it wouldn't work with my macbook. app for iphone and ipad is not available either...  total rubbish, avoid like a plague!
@sebastian stein: ditto. item held by customs. they seem to go by family name. i'm getting very nervous, because i already was a victim of the "customes regulation vs. kickststarter project" in the bad old pebble-times. argh! anyone else afflicted from germany here?
hi guys, please remember to always download the latest version of the app and software at www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan @daniel try charging for a few hours before the first use. otherwise if you continue these problems, our support team is happy to help you via email at pocketscan@dacuda.com @reinhard - thanks for the clarification :) @collins - the application is not available in the app store yet, because we had to go through the mfi approval process first and it then takes a couple weeks for apple to approve the app in the appstore again. sorry for the inconvenience! but you can go to www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan and get the app right away! @daniel, yes, it works on iphone 5 running ios 8 @srinivas - i am not sure about the source of your problem. please get in touch with us via pocketscan@dacuda.com to make sure you get the software and app asap @victor - we will first release the mac os version in the middle of this month and then android will follow afterwards. we will keep you posted on the timeline developments! @rene - each pocketscan/case was sent in separate packages, thus, the other two packages may still be on their way. i will pm you about that to make sure you have the correct info! @kho boon - the issue you relate to really sounds like something may not be right there... please get in touch with our support team at pocketscn@dacuda.com to make sure we can help you out the best and quickest way possible! @er xiang - if you need any support at all, please get in touch with us via email and we would be happy to help. as for android, we really do apologize and just ask for a little more patience till we can deliver a good android software to you! @mark thank you for your feedback. we will get started on providing more information on the installation process! thanks! @audrey - have you removed the plastic cover from the bottom of the pocketscan? some backers experienced issues because of that. otherwise, if you feel like there may be a software error, please get in touch with us at pocketscan@dacuda.com so we can help you out! @noche thanks for your feedback! we are constantly taking in your feedback and trying to improve pocketscan! @robbin @nawwaf - thanks for your feedback! it's great to read your feedback and we will incorporate it! know that we are constantly improving the software and making pocketscan a better product and are super grateful to receive your feedback here!
firstly the apps in the apple apps store is non-existence. secondly the scanner cannot be powered up pressing the on/off button for more than 4 secs at the bottom. suspected maybe not charged i plugged in the micro sub cable with a power source i see solid red light. but pressing the on/off button again the scanner did not power up. damn! give me back my money!!!!
arrg, sorry...wrong project...ks tends to redirect me to some random project after log-in and not to the last one visited
regarding the filament shortage: as far as i understood, only additional filament orders (=anything additional to your original ks-pledge) can delay your shipment. so this delay only may occur, when you now order additional filament, th at you didn't already paid for.
11 feb 2015, 7:02am item held by customs others, germany .........
is it too much to ask you to have the courtesy to answer the following question  : why isn't the application available in the apple app store?
cannot find the app in the app store. also does it work on iphone 5? read the manual that states iphone 5c and 5s...
have no idea how to install the software on iphone, ipad or mac laptop.  the downloads do nothing.  how did any of you install the software?
hi, am wondering when can we get the app for android?  only have ipad 2 and it could not connect.  windows is taking a very long time to download (4 hrs... very slow speed). thanks
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details. i have the pocketscan on hand and will be able to ship immediately.
@joshua anderson you have to download it off of their website link that you received in the box, although i wouldn't recommend it due to the fact that a) its not on the appstore and b) ios tells me its from an "untrusted" app developer. however i went ahead and did it anyway and after 1 scan the app kept crashing. there is a lot of work to be done by dacuda.
got my pocketscan today but can't use it. can't install ios apps unless they are from the appstore and the os x software is still in development. :( looks great, but is currently a paper weight.
cannot find app in french apple store
on their kickstarter description they advertised ipad 3rd gen compatibility. and now on their website it only goes down to 4th gen... now i'm stuck with a pocketscan i thought i would be able to use but really can't...
rec'd the pocketscan. downloaded and installed the ios app. (really slow install) followed the instructions. once connected via bt in settings a mssg stating the device was not supported appeared. opened the app, but the app did not report the device was connected.  now i'm reading all these messages about crappy scans, inability to scan, clunky software etc. what happened during your qc process. why release this thing before it actually worked? brutal.
hello! i just got my pocketscan. problem is: i actually ordered three of them, and i also ordered three of the $15 cases. so i was wondering: do you still have that in mind?  and will i receive them? or do i have to do something else in order to get everything i pledged for? and yes: i filled out the form you sent out, writing down my request for 3 pocketscans plus 3 cases. thanks a lot. i'll try the device later. i'm excited to see how your accessibility work turned out!
got excited when i received it today... got frustrated after tried the window ver, cant get it connected and the program kept crashed... haven't done 1 successful scan as of now, just hope that the coming android ver is working correctly...
repost for the benefit of others: download the latest version of pocketscan from right here: http://www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan/
cannot find the app on apple app store
just received my pocketscan today, totally excited.. then realised the app for android is not out yet. haven't tried the desktop version, but not blown away so far by the lack of support.
disappointed. please keep improving your app. reason: -> i tried the windows version last night. failed a few time for installation and repaired it for at least 5 times before i can connect the scanner. -> this is the first time i see an application icon is just a totally white icon with no title. horrible. -> quite slow for windows. not really real time image processing. -> well but i'm satisfied with the size and weight of this little scanner. very easy to carry. image quality is okay. so i hope you guys can keep improving the apps! and release the andoird app asap! thanks!
i got mine yesterday. observations in random order: * product looking really great - love the form factor, although a little bigger wouldn't hurt * lag when moving around scan surface (guess this is bluetooth as a bottleneck?) - sometimes jumps an area of a picture, and image gets distorted * colour isn't appearing in result, as the area scanned * love both the pouch and the harder container * ocr and translation works great, for english. other languages questionable. * reading voice sounds ok * google translate integration works well * very irritating that you need to start the scan with device vertically, or the app won't let you rotate the image enough to get it in the correct direction, which means ocr won't work. for images i guess that's ok. conclusion: you have a few dents to fix, great idea, but doesn't seem to be polished enough, or your qa department didn't have high enough standards. hopefully these things can be fixed, or at least minimised. i'm neither dissatisfied nor satisfied, but if product quality ends at this state, i would not back or buy any other of your products in the future.
i got mine this week and to be honest, as a first release the product is great and doing what it was advertised. but both the scanner and the app need to be updated to be more smoother and clearer in terms of color depth.  please try to release the android ver asap.  thank you for a such product.
hi - thanks guys safely received in the uk. only done a couple of test scans so far, both a4 size both through the iphone app and impressed with the results. thank you!
got mine. not terribly impressed... get better results using some iphone apps to snap the whole page at one go. software needs updating to make this more accurate and make me want to use it as my first choice option.
got mine in indonesia, search 'dacuda pocketscan" in google playstore, found none.. when will android user can use this?
i have a windows machine with 8gb ram and core i7 (1.8 ghz). i was able to scan the larger sides of the box that the pocketscan came in perfectly (maybe 60 square inches). i could get about 100 square inches of a large poster to scan before the software would start getting confused (misaligning the axes) and terminate the scan. i successfully scanned one page of the instructions included with the product (40 square inches) and saved them as a word document (very impressed that it had images, headings, and lists). during that scan i realized that i should move the scanner around much faster than i had been for the poster, but i closed the software and now it won't reopen for me to test the poster again, i think i could get better performance with my improved technique. the text recognition is impressive, the scanned text was astonishingly accurate and i eagerly anticipate text to speech for android (or at least an easy button to copy the text to the system clipboard like the pc software). i am truly impressed by what you were able to create here. i can't wait to see the improvements over the next year! stay positive and congratulations!
i received my pocketscan today!  i was able to download the iphone app but nothing is available for the ipad which is where i want to use it. you really need to fiddle with the scan speed. the nice thing is that you can keep going over an area of needed unlike traditional wand scanners. i'm still playing around with it but it's been okay this far. so many other tests to run in the next few days.
i saw many comments but why there is no one contact us!! i just tried the pocketscan and i'm very disappointed. there's nothing like the video showed! i tried to scan some paper, but none of them were successfully scanned!!!!!!!
first, i'm sorry if my suggestions have been covered by others's comments. i don't have time to wade through 966 comments to see. this leads to suggestions #1: 1) your website desperately needs a support section. 2) like others, i received my pocketscan in the mail this week. like others, i went to the itunes app store (app is not available yet), and also went to the download page on your site to download the .ipa file. people don't know how to install an .ipa file. this page desperately needs a how-to; see #1 above. 3) i followed several methods described by third parties, for installing an .ipa through itunes on the desktop (didn't work), and even for using a testflight-like method (didn't work). so, like others, i'm so far unable to use this great-sounding product that i have been eagerly anticipating for about a year now. really want to use this, so i hope apple approves your app soon. 4) even if you're in apple approval limbo (for those who don't know, apple doesn't tell you when they're likely to approve your app after submittal, and it can sometimes take weeks), dacuda needs to be much more transparent about this. nowhere in your emails, kickstarter page, or corporate website is any of the above communicated or explained. the delays needs to be explained. the .ipa installation needs to be explained. looking forward to being able to use this product soon, i hope.
hi, i downloaded the app on ipad, and started scanning. am i missing something, the scan came up patchy and distorted, and was nothing like what was advertised on kickstarter. have i been mislead here? i was under the impression i was backing an amazing product which would actually work.
just received the pocketscan. this will be a beautiful gift for my wife for the valentine's day. thank you :) bonne soirée de paris :)
hi there, where is the app for iphone and for mac? i can't use my pocket scan, the links don't work, and the information provided isn't sufficient. can i have a link to the actual download site for iphone and mac. thanks
hello ! same as dan richard i got my tracking number the 4 february but there is still no result for my number on the singpost webpage...
can you please provide more links for downloading pocketscan app for windows? i have to download it for 8 hrs omg
hi, i got my trackingnumber for singpost 4.february but up to now there is no result for my number on the singpost webpage! greetings from zurich
got mine in the uk. can't test it yet because my pc doesn't have bluetooth and there is no android app atm.
just got the package in paris, france. i'll give more feedback when i play with it.
i don't want to be mean or anything but i received my pocketscan today! and i wasn't really impressed the quality or the scan or the lack of ability to pick up dark greys on black. plus the issue of the edge of the scanner complaining when im moving off the edge of the page. i re-watched your video and i can now clearly see that some of the demonstrations were mockups and not actually rendering or if they were... well, it doesn't skip, replicate textures and have issues like us backers are facing. (yes removed plastic off glass) i pray you can update the software to enable us to get the best out of this pocketscan because on reflection i would have rather saved $$$ and brought the handheld scanner from amazon or ebay for £30. http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/mini-900-dpi-cordless-handheld-scanner-handyscan-portable-a4-book-photo-document-/321504498044… yes! i know its not wireless its an sd card but bluetooth chips are dollars on the dozen and shouldn't take up the majority of the cost. please finish the mac software! and work on pushing new firmwares out for this device.
i received my pocketscan today. totally awesome!
hey i was trying to pay the shipping fee but the site you guys gave me requires password and i have no clue what is the password
i just played with it for the past 30-40 minutes ... just my two cents is that i think it should of not been released at this time. the software, or hardware, or whatever is just too sensitive to human errors. what i mean by that is that i can get a good scan of a small document (business card) or picture, but once it gets to letter size, it's almost impossible to produce a scan, because it requires the document to like be tapped down and non moving, when in reality most people are going to use their hand to hold down a document and it will move no matter what. getting a scan of a big document is like hitting a small target from 100 yards away. i'd say i'd get the scan right 2/10 times on the first try and on average i'd have to scan something 5-8 times to get anything right. overall, i'd have to say it's a c- d+ product, an alpha / beta recently unfortunately. i think if the software can improve it can get to a point where people 80-90% of the time can get it right, but it's not there right now. a little disappointing.
got mine (2) today in ca. my android device will have to wait for app but will check it out with ios this weekend.  one for me and one for my college daughter as late x-mas gift.  thank you.
good to know ipad 3 support is not dropped for good :) wish to hear the good news soon
@creator - if you feel struggling on that i can give you some advice about algorithm and data structure. drop me a message.
@kenneth - i think you meant gb not mb. @creator - have you tried using hard drive cache to reduce the ram usage? yes it is a little bit complex for programming but it is feasible.
@ michael yuen: i have had the same concerns. the issue is not on the scanner's end: it is on the other end. you will need 8mb ram to handle taking something larger than an a3 size (as an american i had to look up what this means, but it is our legal size paper). for something as large as 6'x8' i think you would need something like 32mb ram, so i'm not sure if there is the requisite equipment out there via mac or pc to handle that size.
picked mine up from my po box this morning (australia). any updates on when the app will be approved in the ios app store?
just got mine went to download the software from the ios app store but nothing there why is there no software for my ipad third-generation the kick starter campaign said compatible with ipad this will be of no use to me without it operating
got mine and tried some preliminary scans... am i missing something? i have got nothing useable, only jumpy images, missing spaces, stutters, repeating patterns, completely unusable.  and yes, i did take off the plastic piece.  is there some technique i should be using?  otherwise to the not used tech bin it goes. disappointed.
got my ocketscan and it only works "ok" for the small stuff. quality of scan wasn't as high as expected yet - maybe to do with the app. couldn't  finish scanning a 3ft x 6ft painting. for some reason it won't let me. any thoughts???
and then i read these other comments - thanks for responses.
aaah, the light dawns! i figured out why my scan results were so bad. the scan head comes with a plastic film over it which was causing the artifacts and other problems. i tried it again after peeling off the film and all is well. i am looking forward to the mac app for full usability.
i received my pocketscan today. i can't find the app on app store and no link for mac. that means scanner is of no use until software and app is released! what a blunder??
any update about ipad 3?? thank you
got mine in the uk. works with iphone but doesn't work with my laptop running windows 8.1. it does pair with my laptop, and then the software keeps showing connecting, and then the scanner is disconnected (the pc software still shows connecting). have tried re-pairing the scanner and reinstalling the software countless times, still no luck.
got mine in perth australia! just waiting for the app!!
update on the tracking numbers: we got in touch with our hardware partner and have an update for you:  - australian post (these are the tracking codes starting with wjy) : http://auspost.com.au/track/track.html - but you have to delete the last five digits of the tracking number! - hongkong post (hk): http://app3.hongkongpost.hk/cgi/mt/enquiry.jsp - some errors may occur, if you are a backer from china - singpost (sg) as before: www.singpost.com - malaysian post (my) also as mentioned below: http://www.pos.com.my/trackandtrace/trackandtrace fo sorry for the confusion there, guys! hope that tracking works alright from now on! once again, please make sure that you always download the latest version of pocketscan from right here: http://www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan/ the ios version will be available in the app store soon, but it is not yet. @cathy - maybe this may be the reason for the problems with the results? otherwise, please contact our support team at pocketscan@dacuda.com! they will be happy to help! @takahashi - the limited color edition was voted to be silver @xanthocephalus - pocketscan already works great with windows desktop pcs and laptops and mac os will be available soon!
cathy, did you take the protective covering off the surface of the pocket scan?
i received my much-anticipated pocketscan today, installed the ios app, connected to my iphone and attempted my first scan. the results were unusable. maybe the problem is the reflective surface, but i tried scanning the quick start guide and got a lot of artifacts, along with things out of position. i tried scanning several other things, but similar results. help!
tracking number?
thank you very much, i just got my pocketscan yesterday!
i did not receive any tracking number, and no mails were replied to me either. is it possible to have some feedback?
@john, @stevans, @all: if your tracking-number ends with my it is sent with malaysia post. just go to http://www.pos.com.my/trackandtrace/trackandtrace and enter your tracking code there.
@dacuda i got exactly the same issue as john burland.. receive the tracking number for singpost, but couldn't found any result until now..
i received a tracking number on 5 february, 5 days later - 9 february - singpost tells me they have no record of this shipment. tell me what's happening.
all good found it on my 6 initially searching with my sons 4s
dear dacuda have just received scanner it looks fantastic but get no app for it when i search as per quick guide anyone have any ideas just get dacuda ag or similar  cheers in advance
thank you pocketscan has arrived today! but i have ordered limited color edition but, pocketscan of silver has arrived the color of the body separately reach?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.  expected to receive the pocketscan by the end of the week.
@ xanthocephaolus: thanks for the heads up! even a month's wait is worth it. can't wait to get my hands on that thing...
@ kenneth jaffe  |  no one is able to use pocketscan with a desktop/laptop computer yet. dacuda gave an estimate of mid-february in their last update for the mac os software, so hopefully in another week or so you'll get your question answered. cheers.
i hope that you didn't forgot my case: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1776222658/pocketscan/posts/908530
still no tracking number.
thank you so much! sounds like my macbook air 2 with its 4g ram will be able to handle the a3 size. it would be great for someone who has a 13 - inch macbook air with 8g ram to report on how big a doc can be accommodated.
amazing customer service!!! thank you!
still no tracking number. thx.
@dacuda it's invalid tracking number for australian post
@all @ kenneth i have some update on the a3 scanning. the capability of scanning large formats depends on the ram as we said before as well as the space that is already taken up by the operating system and other apps and software. as you wanted some specific figures, here you go:  based on our experience: - ios devices with 1gb ram - a4 scanning possible - mac or win systems with 2gb ram - a4 scanning possible - mac or win systems with 4gb ram or higher - a3 scanning possible we still have to test android and we have not tested pocketscan for formats larger than a3. @tom we will send you your tracking number via private message, so that you can definitely track your pocketscan. @harry - you will be included in the second shipping round due to the shipping payment after the campaign. @pipat sorry about the confusion with the tracking codes. wjy codes refer to the australian post, however we are also experiencing some problems with the tracking here. we are currently reviewing the issue and will be in touch as soon as we find a solution here! @adrian we are required to follow apple's current mfi standards for the transmission and it seems that ipad 3 has other standards. we are thus still working on identifying our options on ipad 3 and analyzing the underlying problem. we will keep you informed on how that development goes and ask for your patience until then. we hope you can enjoy pocketscan on all your other devices until then!
i still didn't get the tracking number?
received 2 of mine in australia yesterday! thank you dacuda! p.s. how long am i supposed to charge the pocketscan for?
i still got no tracking number :/ (i also checked my spam)
it's impossible to track a malaysia post parcel on singapore post website (unless the parcel is to be shipped to singapore).
@dacuda i got tracking number starting with "wjy" and i couldn't track it on singaporian post or malaysian post. there should be something wrong with the tracking number.
thank you so much, i just got my pocketscan today (06/02/2015) i'm having so much fun with it! [melbourne-australia]
i have just recieved my pocket scanner and like adrian have 3rd ipad which appears not to be support. your faq clearly state 3rd ipad and above. have i missed somthing? i was very careful about backing this.
@drauda any answer for my concern on ipad 3rd gen support? i cannot find it in any update about dropping ipad 3rd gen support but the final product seems dropped that.  can i expect it to come back later or it is gone for good?
the software keeps saying to turn on the bluetooth when it is already turned on and the spp pocketscanner is connected.
i got tracking number starting with "wjy" and i couldn't track it on singaporian post or malaysian post.
and what about the scanning of a2 how much ram is needed using windows 7 - do i need 64bits system or 32 is good enough ?
hi guys, @philip kwong is correct: for some people there is an old version of the pocketscan app visible in the app store, but it is not the latest version and will not work with pocketscan. please always go to www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan for the latest software version for now. the final app will also be available in the app store soon and we will let you know as soon as this is the case! as for those people who cannot seem to find their tracking codes, the email may have ended up in your spam or promotions folder, because it is an html email, so watch out for that. we sent via different post offices - most via sing post, some via malaysian post and others via hong kong post, sorry for the mix up there. the codes are supposed to be international and able to be tracked on www.singpost.com as well - with some delay. but @yudi is right, you can also check http://www.pos.com.my/trackandtrace/trackandtrace for more recent updates, if your package was shipped via malaysian post (tracking id: ...my). @kenneth - let me check with our experts for that one to make sure i can give you a good response on this one!
tracking your pocketscan at: http://www.pos.com.my/trackandtrace/trackandtrace
received tracking number yesterday. you provided a malaysia post tracking with singapore post website for tracking.
update:  i deleted the older app from the iphone and installed via the link and it worked.  tried a few scans and am very happy with it.
i understand the current version in ios app store does not work.  i tried to download and install the updated version via the link but could not install after several attempts.  will try again later today.
@david i don't see any problem having android come later than ios, because ios support is not even a stretch goal. ipad was in the original plan of supported hardware list
i meant limitations on "our" end. sorry.
thanks for the clarification that it is the potential limitation of the hardware on your end - something completely out of dacuda's control. so, how much ram is required for scanning an a4? or, in general, could you give us a basic breakdown of page size and the required ram on our end to make that happen? thanks!
i have a same problem with two guts from hong kong. "i got the pocketscan this morning in hk as well. it can successfully connect to my iphone 6 running ios 8.1.2, however nothing works. i've installed the application from the app store, but when i tried to press the "s" button while with the app opened, nothing shows up. am i missing something?" please reply asap thanks a lot
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details. expected to receive the pocketscan by the end of the week.
disappointed that the android software is lower priority than the ios even though the android version was an earlier stretch goal. looking forward to receiving the device but am wary of the issues others are having. wishing all of you luck with this!
is it me being dumb or do others also not know how to install the app downloaded from www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan?!
please explain, how much ram memory at my windows 7 pc do i have to have to scan size which is maximum a2 size .... and how much for a3 ? please give us numbers....
@lam ka hang, speechless, just copy and paste :p  you can refer to wicky yuen's answer. :p
i got the pocketscan this morning in hk as well. it can successfully connect to my iphone 6 running ios 8.1.2, however nothing works. i've installed the application from the app store, but when i tried to press the "s" button while with the app opened, nothing shows up. am i missing something?
just got mine this morning. haven't opened it yet.  i have one concern: i do remember originally ipad 3rd was on the support hardware list but in the package it seems to be dropped. is it going to work for ipad 3rd gen?
@wicky yuen thanks wicky, it's work! :)
@jecan @ronald, i do see your problem when using the ios app from apps store.  however, if you use install the app that dacuda state in the email sent last sat (jan-31), it works fine.  i recap the link as below for your reference. www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan
i got the same case with jecan chiu. :(
hi guys, we have not sent out the tracking numbers just yet, because it takes a while for our shipping partner to update the shipping information and we wanted to make sure that people find information when they enter their ids! @stevans @kenneth the problem with the larger formats only lies with the devices you use, not pocketscan. pocketscan has no size limit itself concerning the scan area. it is only impacted by the ram of the device you use, which often does not permit larger sizes than a3 @yudi, yes, that still holds! @jecan, please email us at pocketscan@dacuda.com so we can assist you!
i got the pocketscan this morning in hk as well. it can successfully connect to my iphone 6 running ios 8.1.2, however nothing works. i've installed the application from the app store, but when i tried to press the "s" button while with the app opened, nothing shows up. am i missing something?
what a surprise, there is no tracking email received but i got my pocketscan mailed to me this morning in hk.  thank you dacuda team :)
haven't got any tracking information.
nobody receive a tracking number?
where is my pocketscannnnnnnn!! because i did not receive an email from november 2014 from dacuda, it is not a very anxious. if you really are starting to send, i want you to immediately tell the tracking number.  i did not even think to wait so.
hmm.. what about "scan anything and any size - even things that don't fit in your old fashioned scanner" ?? will pocketscan could scan bigger than a3 in the future? maybe with a firmware update..
you're telling me that the page she's scanning at 1:20 in the video above is a3?
so, looking up online a3 is 42 centimeters long. will this be absolutely the maximum size for the foreseeable future?
app is ios8 or later???? i don't have ios8 and was not planning on putting it onto my current phone. :(
at your faq you wrote what is the maximum format of scans for pocketscan? pocketscan works up to a format of a3 depending on your device's memory at the high quality level of 420 dpi. last updated: thu, jun 19 2014 1:26 pm ist
awsome that pocket scan is finally on thair way! butnsad that i need at least one month more to use it after i recieved it cause there will be no android app by then. i bought this product cause it has the first stretch goal called android and i was so happy that there is finally something i dont need to buy anozher 600€ device to make it work. however, we only have android devices and with the delay it dont seem that professional als it was told.  also there was no risk listed that you will prefer apple over android support.
hm...a3 is the biggest size dacuda said in july. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1776222658/pocketscan/comments…
please answer marie-andree's question re a firmware updater for mac instead of pc. i would like to know the answer about it as well. thank you.
hi, i have installed the ipad app and it is working fine, but why the limitation of maximum size of a4, didn't you wrote that the format size could be a3 or more ? and the windows 7 application always fail, is it depand on my bluetooth ? or any other known problem ?
okay, you were 'getting ready to ship" last week, are you now "getting set to ship"? so when is the "go ship"?
is there going to be another update on shipment?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
i managed to update the firmware and it works now. however, it's very hard to get an good image as scanning all the partial surfaces, makes the image dis-align. is there a way to improve this?
i am wondering if i missed any parts in the comments section, but i do not see any info. any time schedule on the android version? seems like only windows and ios supported...
@marie-andree. ah, i need to read more carefully! i understand now that you were asking about the firmware updater specifically, not the mac os scanning software. cheers.
@xanthocephalus it doesn't talk about the firmware updater. i hope it will be integrated to the mac or windows app.
@marie-andree. read update #22; they discuss the timeline for the mac os version of the software. cheers.
hi @ clement, i am interested - i emailed you on provided email-id. -thanks, amit
as updating the firmware with windows is not the best thing for mac users, is there some plan to realase a mac version? one that support usb update woud be nice.
@pocketscan thank you for the update. great job. can't wait to scan the world!
hi guys! an update on shipment is in the works! we will update you friday night!! @clement there are some interested backers that i have sent into your direction who may want to buy one of your scanner. let's hope they get in touch with you.
i'm with rl, maybe a comment about missing or making next week's promised shipment would be appreciated.
any update for the shipment?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details. p.s kaien, i cannot reply your emails as they keep getting bounced. please provide an alternate email for me to respond too.
soooo looking forward to getting the scanner in my hands for teaching purposes! and if marie-andree is happy, i'm gonna trust you guys did a great job (she's an honest, straight  shooter).
hi dacuda, i am a developer, i bought a pocketscan (didn't receive yet) and i just would like to know if there is an api or something like that to allow a developer to get the data from a pocketscan and create its own pocketscan app for desktop or mobile ? thanks !
stellar customer service from martin zahnert, vp engineering who tirelessly helped me configured my buggy pc for using my pocketscan. if "general" customer service is close to this, we have a winner!
are we i guess shipping starting end of next week?
@clement honestly? after all those posting, you really think you'r gonna find a buyer in here? unless you have a box full of them!
i still cant upgrade the firmware. bluetooth is way too unstable on windows machine. will there ever be an option to upgrade through usb? and how about mac users?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details. p.s kaien, i cannot reply your emails as they keep getting bounced. please provide an alternate email for me to respond too.
hi ducuda, i'm come from shenzhen china,can i get pocketscan at the end of this month?
thanks simon. i wonder if it wouldnt get too confusing to keep track of the order with big documents though. say, 40/200 pages long. it would also be necessary to rename every scan to avoid confusion with other documents. this could be avoided by streamlining the merging process with a dedicated option in the app
@mateus: this is possible with the current app. you can select a few scans and combine them to a pdf file :)
hi, have you implemented multi-pages pdfs by this point, or will this feature come at a later stage?
yeah, scanning works great most times! sometimes it was very slow and then fast the next time. and sometimes the scanner/app didn't finish scanning on pressing the button the second time. then i had to shut down the scanner and the app. hope to have an update soon :) but first ship those cool gadgets to all the waiting backers!
for those of you who are experiencing the "device drivers not found" issue: we found the root cause why the device drivers cannot be found on some machines. actually this is not an issue that would cause the software not to function. the new firmware communicates itself as being a device for ios (using made for ios protocols) and additionally as being a general bluetooth profile for windows and the other platforms (using the spp profile). some windows versions still try to install drivers also for the ios part and fail. we are trying to find out if we can avoid such failure message, but it will not block the software from functioning. as usual you will get help further help on pocketscan@dacuda.com if the firmware update still cannot work. shipment is planned for the end of this month and things are looking good! check our latest update for more info!
first time commenting -- yay! -- and i just wanted to reiterate the need for android support, particularly for nexus devices, in my case. but out of curiosity, is it possible to make a chrome app for it, so that it is universally accessible from any platform, so long as one is using chrome? thanks.
when does the shipping start in january?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details. p.s kaien, i cannot reply your emails as they keep getting bounced. please provide an alternate email for me to respond too.
kindly mail them, they will send u a manual pdf instructions to update the firmware. which worked for me!
what did they send you pankaj kochar? im in the same boat.
can you please tell me when mine will be shipped?
cool! i got the firmware updated. prompt reply by dacuda team!. thanks
like most of them, i am unable to update the firmware. tried on 2 different pc running windows 7. i have mailed you guys! kindly find a proper solution. thanks
@marie write them to pocketscan@dacuda.com . they helped my out fast and professional ;)
is there a solution for the driver not found error? been encountering all problems possible, including this one.
@wisleymah, only lucky 100 backers received earlier than other backers. kindly refer to update#20.
how come i havent receive it?
@all @the crow first of all thank you guys for your feedback. if you are having trouble updating the firmware or installing the software, please be so kind to directly send an email to our support staff at pocketscan@dacuda.com so we can help you fix the problem as soon as possible! when looking for the app please make sure to follow the link provided by us rather than searching in the appstore - this is still in progress. for those of you having problems with a "driver not found" as described below, please also email us at pocketscan@dacuda.com. we are currently figuring out the issues underlying this notification and will support you as soon as possible.  for those who are not part of the first people to receive pocketscan we will soon post an update so everyone is in the loop on our progress! @andreas yes, you are correct. windows is scheduled for the end of this week, so you shouldn't have to wait for long! @peter our email address should be working fine, as we have been receiving and sending emails from there the past few days. please try again at pocketscan@dacuda.com, our support team will try to help fix any problems. @simon glad to receive your positive feedback! we will work on your inputs!! @jb @temu thanks for your feedback, guys! it is a great idea, however, the current setup unfortunately only allows bluetooth updates. really sorry about that! @jeff glad to hear pocketscan is working for you!
just tried to use pocketscan with iphone 5 and it work! ^_^  but program run quite slow and not sure is it due to iphone have low internal ram.  now waiting for application for windows pc since my pc have better spec and hopefully can run more smoothly. ^_^
forget to mention, when you update through pc, tried to wait and confirmed pc's bluetooth have installed all the drivers first before proceed to update firmware.  i noted in windows 8's pc, initially when pc's bluetooth detected the pocketscan, even it shown connected but there is small bar showing some progress, i think windows 8 at that time still downloading and installing device drivers.
i just tried to update firmware through windows 8 pc, the process is smooth without any problem.  since i don't have any ios device, i tried to use my friend iphone 5 but can't find dacuda pocketscan.
tried on 2 windows 8.1 pc's and nothing.
cant update firmware. please advise.
hi, the email addresses are working indeed. the problem was that i've replied to their mail regarding the firmware upgrade. a new mail from scratch went through. @andreas: thanks for the clarification regarding the windows/mac software.
info@dacuda.com doesn't work either!
@peter i forgot to mention, that my mail contact via this mail adress worked...
@marie would you mind to share the solution to the problem? @peter like they mentioned in their update mail only the ios app is currently "released". the windows programm should follow soon, though.
tried to contact them under pocketscan@dacuda.com => mail was rejected. the error messages said something about google groups...
is there a user guide yet?
with help of dacuda, the firmware is now uploaded, and the pocketscan is now link to both my ipad and iphone. good news, but the pocketscan simply don't scan. i use the s botton, but nothing is happening.
hi, was anybody able to download the windows or mac software? the link in th eleaflet (www.dacuda.com/downloadpocketscan) doesn't work. i get a 404 error message
@clement clearly your offer don't seems to work.
after connecting to the internet it finally worked with adding pocketscan as a bt-device :) scanning now works very well and fast! text recognition is almost perfect! (dashes stay in the text and no line breaks at all, but no errors!) sometimes finishing the scan did not work and i had to shut down the app and the scanner... and i still miss the table-functions but this seems to be work-in-progress :) pocketscan itself is perfectly manufactured, very nice! simon
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
that is exactly what i thought! why not support both
+1 updating via the usb cable would be far more reliable!
is it possible to update via usb cord rather then bluetooth? thank you
unfortunately this doesnt work on two of my windows 7 pc's. it seems like i have the same problem as low chong hung as the bluetooth peripheral device doesnt install.
it link the pocketscan to both of my pcs, but the firmware updater can't see it.
don't work for me. maybe because i have a bluetooth dongle on both my 2 pc.
windows 8.1 - just follow the steps and it works like a charm. small learning curve on how to scan (was holding down on the button too long) and it works great. scan came out nice and clean. no issues for me.
@jeff  no unknown drivers? what os are you running?
installed and scanning away ... awesome stuff. follow the steps, very easy to do (or at least for this computer programmer it was easy to do).
forget to mentioned, the reason is because can't find the driver.
my computer running windows 7 service pack 1 having trouble to install driver for one of the bluetooth peripheral device (total is 3).  i tried few times still same.  i think i need to borrow someone computer to update my pocketscan.  can't run firmware update if this problem didn't solved.
i'm having troubles with installing device driver. after i add the pocketscan in the device and printers panel, windows can't install a device driver for the pocketscan. it comes back with the error "no driver found".
can you probably try it nevertheless?
i still haven't update the firmware yet since i don't have any ios devices.
hmmm... me too... but after i installed the driver, the pocketscan stays disconnected...
got the mail with the firmware today :) now i have to find a windows pc :( hope that in the future updating with a mac would also be possible?!
so? where is the firmware?
when can i pick up mine in zh? ,-)
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
i hope i receive my pockescan sometime in 2015, and that it works as well as any professionally designed electronic product. sorry that it wasn't possible to keep your promise in 2014. i will still hold out hope.
better have the firmware fix before you send the big batch, believe my ractiv experience!
@pankaj yes, once the firmware issues have been resolved you will get the ios app of course @zumran we will keep you updated as frequently as possible!
@adrian - yes, still planning on that! @jonathan - please send us a pm and we will happily update it @
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
are you guys still shooting for end of january?
hi guys, can i have ur email to update my shipping address. i can't find it anywhere. thanks. -jonathan
@simon schaller, congratulations you get the lucky new year gift :)
hi guys, can i have ur email to update my shipping address. i can't find it anywhere. thanks. -jonathan
@rl i received an email 5 days ago, that my pocketscan is on its way :)
will the lucky 100 will received the notice?
i still haven't got my pocketscan.
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
okay! but can you guys provide beta app for ios through testflight for those 100 people whom u guys have delivered the product?
@pankaj read the letter that came with it!
yay! got my pocketscan today. but i cannot find an app for android. ios one is not ready i think. i read it somewhere but where is android app?
@jennifer you were pretty lucky to received it in time to give it  as a christmas gift! it's very rarely a good thing to make a pledge as a gift, or to count on it to deliver an important project.
nice that a xmas present on my list for a loved one arrived by fedex. now just hope the firmware update that is necessary to make it work does come within the 5 days the letter mentioned.
hi, can i have ur email address to update my shipping address. thanks. -jonathan
i too received my pocketscan! very impressed with the packaging and the overall product. can't wait to start using it! thanks dacuda! merry christmas everyone =]
i am expecting another snag coming up with software or hardware glitch which will push final delivery to march or april 2015 .this is fairly common among ks projects which are successfully funded beyond their expectations, i have funded so far three projects and all of them late by at least three months. decuda keep us in the loop. i did get you post card.
sure would love another update
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case @ us$140 (inclusive of shipping with tracking). i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
just my got my pocketscan today. nice surprise for christmas :) scanner looks fantastic as do the pocket covers
received my pocketscan today and cant wait to use it as well. theres no ios app yet and the mac software doesnt work yet either but this was mentioned in the letter so no need to complain. on the contrary im very happy it arrived just before christmas and the product and overall packaging looks great and professional!
just received my pocketscan.  i am really happy now!!! :d
got my pocketscan today :-) nice surprise! here's hoping the firmware issues get resolved soon - can't wait to use this!
got mine today. cant believe im one of the first 100. really happy with dacuda and the way they have managed things. please, let there be a surprise ios app release with tomorrows update. cant wait to use my pocketscan with my iphone 6+.
hey, i got a postcard from you guys !!!
we are preparing an elaborate update for you for christmas so you will find out all about the software and the current status tomorrow!!
having struggles connecting and no ios software on store either.
oh no! not another ks project who send harware without software? had my fair share of that! (ractiv, anova to name a couple).
i just got mine! i am beyond happy with this team and want to buy another and another and always support this company. communication and ease of this project has been incredible. going to have fun testing it all out now. @dacuda, thank you. you have a loyal customer now that will come back over and over now!
hello guys... just back home from work i saw a package from fedex. ..initially i also thought that some other kickstarter reward. ..when i opened the package i was super surprised. ....and very much excited to hold the pocketscan in my hand. it was nicely. ..carefully packed. . but the sad thing is i can't use it right away. ... don't know how and where to download the app. ..as the link not working and not able to find in playstore and app store. please provide the working link for the app.. i will post you guys once i start using it. .
i am so excited and wanted to know who is the 100 lucky guys. :d
i think they called my house (didn't took the call) to say the pocketscan is on its way.
reached home and saw a package... i was thinking it must be my other kickstarter project "tooletries" which was sending out at this time. to my surprise!!! it was dacuda! thanks for the early xmas present :) managed to pair with my surface pro. but the download url provided seems to be inactive.
all pocketscan or only 100 is on its way?
@dacuda and you don't think that it deserves an update?
pocketscan is on its way! @jonathan please send us your updated shipping info - it will be towards the end of january @pipat thank you! will do! :)
??? one of the 100 received something?
hi, which part of jan will shipment be? as i'm in the process of relocating, i will have to change shipment address depending on the dates of shipment. thanks and regards, jonathan
i would like to change the address for my reward and i have sent you the information via private message. pls check you inbox. thank you
@reinhard same goes for me. nearly got a heartattack :d @dacuda thanks for the card!
nice postcard, thanks!
got a postcard today...it was lying on top of a package before my door, so my first thought was "omg, it's there already?!" was slightly disappointed when i realized, that it was only a postcard on top of a package that it had nothing to do with...nevertheless thanks for the greetings :-)
so who are the 100 lucky winners for the first batch??!
hey, dacuda creators. thanks for the postcard update: very classy. appreciate the effort and communication!
@gary thanks for your concern. we have been working over weekends and beyond our working hours and so have our chinese hardware partners. we are confident that the chinese new year holidays won't impact our progress. @marie-andree we are still making refinements to the list and cannot notify the backers just yet. @brian @emerald thank you!
this is not a negative comment, however i've seen this happen many times before with kickstarter projects using manufacturing in china—february 19, 2015 is chinese new year. everything comes to a halt around that date; many projects get delayed by a few weeks up to a month or more. so. i guess my question is—how confident are you your manufacturing partner can get the hand scanner run completed before the holiday? if not, it would be logical to estimate some deliveries won't get mailed until late february, or march. just something to think about.
at that point, i suppose the happy 100 should be known?
dacuda, will you be making the list of 100 public after making the draw? that way, at least we would know.
i paid the shipping!
whoopsie, i was 1 of the last people who didn't enter their survey which i just did, sorry about that! been pretty busy!
@brian have you maybe tried a different browser for the payment? or did something go wrong with the password? so far there have been no issues for others, so it's tough to figure out the problem. we shall get back to you on pm basis to figure this out. @dr sanil pala @andreas @marie-andree we chose to do a random draw among the earliest backers in order to not give preference to specific time zones. also, note that some of the early birds are actually late backers because a spot freed up, so we will take backer id into consideration as well.
i've sent two personal email about how the link sen to pay for the shipping isn't working. please respond.
when it comes to delivery on crowd funded projects, i think it is generally fair to ship on as order of pledge basis, especially when there are production issues, as in this case. many projects have ended up delivering units to those who preordered on their website after their campaign closed rather than the crowd funding backers first causing some level of outrage. while i think the 100 units should be delivered to backers 1 to 100 out of the 500 early bird contributors, there seem to be no negative posts by any of the 500 early birders as to the random drawing announcement, so if they aren't objecting, a random draw it is! :-p
well, to be fair it is not the one truth to go for the backing number. not everybody can be at everytime on kickstarter to look for new projects. it is even more critical when considering that there are probably 24 different time zone backers for such an international project ;). so i dont mind how they will do it, but i think they will decide the right way and we should be just happy with the ones getting theirs and not jealous ;)
they said they will do a draw amongst the early bird backers (500 backers), not that they will take the first 100. so if you are a eb backer, you have a chance! unless they change idea.
+1 @yudi i am not the first 100 but i dont mind :)
i hope that the first 100 pocketscan will be according to your backer number....
while i personally don't have any issue with the delayed shipping, nor am i part of the 500 earliest backers, i do believe that of the 100 units made and to be shipped for delivery in december, should be done on as pledge basis rather than the random order you have chosen. unless you have a single or handful of pledges that cover that quantity, in which case, random order shipping is more ideal, as it will provide feedback from different people, environments and hardware allowing for any issues being fixed on the main production run in january.
my son starts college next year, should have picked up 2 or 3 addtl ones (my wife will probably want one too). any chance to add more before shipping original or do we buy after somewhere else?
not yay ;((  but luckily u informed us as fast as possible so that i can manage other xmas gifts. even if there is a card, other gifts i already bought dont have the same meaning (drawing suplies) as they had with. i hope u guys can finish ur project and we will stay patient.
i sent a message about having an issue with the link you sent for me to pay the shipping. i cannot get it to work properly.  please advise. thx
@eva please quickly private message us your address and we will update it straight away. you should have received a paypal payment confirmation to know that the payment has gone through. if you wish, we can send out another payment confirmation when we have matched your kickstarter account and payment. we can do so next week! thanks for your feedback! @vladimir - yes it did! should've replied the other day. your payment was identified successfully! @amit sorry to let you know that pocketscan probably won't make it to you before december 16! so sorry!! @tony thanks! martin has received your idea for the realization of the color picker!
hi dacuda team, 1-i will be moving on january 1st. before, you told me that it will arrive before christmas. now i need to change my address that i submitted. 2-also, is there a confirmation that we paid the shipping if we paid the $10 shipping fee via paypal? thx a lot!
i've paid 10$ shipping fee via paypal and have sent you an email with transaction id from email address associated with my ks account. can you please confirm that everything is ok with my payment/shipping?
hey dacuda team, happy thanks giving to you and all backers as well. will be you be able to ship and deliver before 16/dec - actually i have to fly for business travel for 2 months, if pocketscan becomes my companion in mobile office in this trip, that would be amazing... if there any possibilities.. please. thanks, ac
guys how brave are your team?? **i got a great suggestion.** pantone brought out a product i think last year called pantone capsure which under correct light conditions gives a value from the scan which tells you a pantone colour reference number.... could you guys pretty please make the pocketscan perhaps give rgb colour values or closest approximate to the printed cymk printed process.. what i mean by that is when you scan a colour the pocketscan tells you its hex or rgb colour values.... this would be invaluable for us graphic designers.
did you guys already started shipping?
@clement kind of fine with your first post, but are you trying your way at spamming us everyday?
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case with registered mail @ us$140 all inclusive. i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
@serob @marie-andree this question is important for our software developpers and their optimization for different scan contents @hendrik the premium case can be purchased in our online shop at shop.dacuda.com for a higher price. the original price was ks exclusive, but we are discussing whether to offer an extra option for our original backers. @joy no worries, please email us with your shipping payment receipt or your transaction id, so we can identify your payment. @abdul we have decided to prioritize ios, win and mac over android for the time being, but pocketscan will definitely support samsing galaxy note 10.1 (2014).
@serob like many companies, they probably want to know what the pocketscan will mostly be used for. quite natural.
hi so finally is the iphone 6 supported ? in your survey why are you asking "which content will you mainly scan" pics, printed books or texts? every pocketscan can not scan everything? it depends of our answer ? thx
i sent a pm about the shipping cost. i need to add $10 for the shipping. please reply to my pm. thank you :)
hi, i'm intending to sell off 1 set of pocketscan and neoprene case with registered mail @ us$140 all inclusive. i have bought 1 too many thus deciding to sell it off. anyone interested in buying it from me may drop me an email at clementfoo92@gmail.com to discuss payment details.
@dacuda: i forgot to pledge for the premium case. can i still add 15usd for the case? thanks!
@creator. i thought you are going to support samsung galaxy note 10.1 (2014) out of the box? what happen to that?
uhhh i paid for the 10 dollar shipping... but i didn't see the put a note with the receipt so you know who paid...what do i do? i paied with paypal btw
@devon - mohammed is correct, a standard fabric case and cloth are included in the general backer kit. to receive a premium case one could pledge an additional $15. @kirkbride - if you haven't received an email yet about shipping payment you probably will in the next couple days (we can only email so many people at the same time, sorry). as for additional cases, we haven't quite figured out how to arrange that, as the case with the $15 pricing was kickstarter exclusive, but we will discuss it in the team. @low chong hung thanks for clearing that up! @desiree - we only ask those who have not yet paid for shipping by including it in their pledges to pay additional $10 for shipping. @tae-jin no worries, we will probably easily be able to match your payment with your backer name! thanks for letting us know, thow!
@devon, it comes with a standard case, bag cloth i believe, but there is the option of getting a premium case for $15.
did i need to add $15 for a case? i thought it came with a case.
i already responded to survey with address but need instruction on how and where to add $10 shipping and $15 premium case (my fault for not doing this before funding deadline  _ thought would be able to do at survey time like another ks). please advise next steps. thank you.
@mohammed issa, +1
@low chong hong, yeah i forgot that i have already paid for shipping before the campaign ended.
@mohammed issa, yeap, because creator didn't include this $10 in those reward level instead they just mentioned in each reward level in the end of description except first 2 and last 2 reward levels.  you can refer to your reward level again. :p so, except those pledged for first 2 and last 2 reward levels, all other reward levels need to add shipping fee.
hi pocketscan team, today i received one email for survey for shipping address and pledge details confirmation. so this means we are ready for mass production as well as shipping in dec. thanks, ac
i'm really sorry but i totally forgot to put my kickstarter id when i pay the shipping cost.  i already sent an email about that but i want to make sure.  thank you
i wasn't prompted to pay the $10, am i missing something?
all backers need to pay $10 shipping fee include us backers.  creator already mentioned this at the beginning of this project.
what the f... charged me already $110 now another $10 bucks ..pissing me off now.
just completed the survey :d
thanks for the information. well, i decided to give my two from the kickstarter campaign to my clients (they're good clients!) for christmas, and they use ios devices. but i've since ordered a third for myself from the dacuda website (the scanner looks that promising). so i'll just wait till that ships, and maybe there'll be software for windows by then.
even if ios is done deal (so fine for me), i agree with low chong hung. why not go android second? this is a mobile scanner, so why not priorize major mobile os?
i believe most people is using either ios and android... but if android is last, then a bit sad.
@emerald we cannot confirm a specific shipping date just yet, as we have no set date confirmed yet. as soon as we do, you will know. @hamish as you can see in our schedule that was released in one of our previous updates, we will not ship until december 5. @adrian c shipping surveys will be sent to you this week! we are typing them right now! @mark you either have been emailed or will be emailed this week. we only send out so many messages each day, but you can expect to receive an email within the next couple days. all early birds and color backers that still have to pay shipping have already been notified. @hamish ios is our first priority, but windows follows right behind, then os support and finally android. as this was only a stretch goal, we decided to prioritize that way.
yeah, i want to know too about a clearer shipping date as i will be away in early dec for a few days.
yeah, i'm going to be abroad for december and was hoping to give this as a gift, so i'd like to have mine sent to a different address if they're going to arrive after december 3rd, please!
i forgot were survey's sent out? if there were does someone have the original email or link? shipping address change here...
so far i haven't gotten any messages about how to pay the extra $10 for shipping. have you sent those out yet? if not, is there someplace i can go to pay it?
*"wee" bit - stupid autocorrect!
i'm a see bit concerned, as i've ordered two of these - one for myself and one for a client/friend - and neither of us uses an ithing (i'm on a surface pro, he's on a mac). will there be software for other platforms when this ships? here's hoping, because this little device would become a really helpful part of my workflow!
@paul - yes, we are currently contacting all backers who hadn't added shipping cost - day by day. please pay within two weeks, that would be great!! thank you! :) @carter please note that in our rewards description and in our previous updates, faq's and comments it say to "(please add $10 for shipping)" to your pledge amount. it's no problem, if shipping wasn't added during the campaign, but as we will soon collect shipping addresses and are moving closer to our shipping date, we would like to collect the shipping fee now to ensure timely shipping by christmas ;) thanks for your understanding! :)
i don't understand, it says on the ks that shipping anywhere in the world is $0 i thought domestic is free. please clarify, thank you.
can someone confirm if we need to add another $10 for shipping and by when? thanks,
thanks!
@rl the ipod touch is not supported because it has slow cpu and only 512 mb ram @adrian that's the plan! we are the original inventor of the scanmouse, but we have of course learned a lot in the past years to optimize, add functions and improve the technology! @amit check out the faq section on our kickstarter page. we made sure to list all the supported android devices on there so feel free to check whether your devices are on there! :) @dt probably a transparent not too shiny foil would work best to cover your artwork. with glass it is rather risky, since that may cause reflections. as for the scanning of fabric, this usually works quite well directly, if you just place a finger on the fabric. in general, if your scan content moves or you lift pocketscan, you can simply place it on the content again, let it find the areas it has already scanned and then continue from there!
@adrian, old version http://shop.dacuda.com/product/dacuda-scanmouse
looking forward to pocketscan but recently found a product that works quite similar http://www.kingjim.co.jp/sp/msc10/ although it is wired (as it is a mouse) the software looks especially similar. will pocketscan out perform this mouse scanner?
@rl, hey buddy thanks, i will check with them before upgrading my pledge. mainly i am looking for samsung s4, note 3, note 4, ipad air and 2 ultrabooks/notebook with windows 7. android version are all 4.3 & above. as well as it is more of connectivity based i assume if your pocketscan is able to connect to your device, it should work based that supported os & software are installed and configured.
@amit, please double check which model are you use before upgrade your pledge, pocketscan only support a limit models of android tab/note. ( i think i can use pocketscan with my ipod touch 5th ios8 when meet the stretch goal to support iphone ios8, so i shout out to my network but sorry they dont support ipod touch 5th even same ios8)
hey team, real nice work.. keep it up... can i upgrade my pledge ? will there be android support too ? thanks, ac
never got a response for this: i was wondering if i have an object like fabric that i want to scan (which can move when dragged across). would it be able to scan with a sheet of glass under the pocketscan or does it need to be direct. this is the same question but another example of what i would like to do also i may want to scan some art peices but if the art work is done with pastel or crayons i don't wouldn't want to rub the pocket scan against it. can i put a peice of glass on top of the art work?  or will the scanner be safe when going over pastel / crayons?
no response :(
iphone and ipod touch have same iso8 why cannot support ipod touch?
@crashdown great idea! we made a little video with martin today that we will upload as part of our next update within the next couple days. @rl no, ipod touch 5 with ios8 will not be supported. sorry! @amit next update is on track for this week, for sure!
pocketscan. at this point a video of a working prototype which you claim you are working with would be a good idea to reassure you backers. sorry for the suspicions but their have been a lot of scams on kickstarter\igg lately, and sadly technology projects are very well represented...
@dacida team, no response from pm past two days, so i post here hope you will see. will pocketscan compatible with ipod touch 5 with ios 8?
hoping to get my pocket scanner by xmas. i'm excited about it .... thank you
hi pocketscan team, nice update. but just one request, keep just posted atleast every 15 days, about what is going on and so on so forth. i really love your product. i will be dishearten if this project fails and many other backers as well. please do not break trust of so many backers. we believe in you and your product. and you guys keep your promise for good product by xmas 2014. keep up good work and keep posted. my best wishes with you guys. -- ac
@michelle @jitesh @marie-andree @desiree really hope that our recent updates can convince you of our work on pocketscan. we are working hard on our development and on trying to keep you guys updated and involved in what is going on, especially with the last three updates! @jitesh okay! thanks for the feedback! we will try to spread and wrap the news into smaller more frequent packages rather than giving you too elaborate updates! really trying to keep you in the loop, though! @simon thanks for your feedback! we hope our updates are full of enough content to make you feel involved, still! @marie-andree hope not to fall into that trend and keep/get up our communication! hope our updates have been full of content to make you feel involved! @khoi pam - looking at the second half of this month to get in touch with you on your colors!
@desiree sending the goods is not the only way to convince backers that a project is not a scam. that is partly why some backers (i'm one) ask for frequent communications, particularly in the production process.
please convince me that this is not a scam.
i can't wait to get my pocket scanner by xmas. hope you post it soon guys.desiree phillips australia
completely agree with you marie-andree! i have been also looking at the same trend for quite a while now. at ks creators should not work in isolation and should regularly update and answer to queries of their backers (not customers).  @simon: agree with you, update is great! but the point it there should be small regular updates/communication and this doesn't take a long time. 30 minutes a day could do the job easily.
hi, when we can vote for the color edition ?
hopefully the latest update with pictures of the first units off the line will calm some nerves... i'd much rather they worked on testing and making sure the end-product was first class than spend a lot of time giving us trivial updates. give me big updates like the one just posted when you have something to show, and work hard on getting everything perfect the rest of the time.
actually, i'm seing this project as another trend : a company considering ks as a customer magnet for pre-orders. they do ship the goods, but very minimal communications after they got their money. a lot of backers tend to consider ks as a pre-order system or even a store, but creators do to. very disappointing!
https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/002/284/347/08369fef6611d346991971b08a090788_large.png… having such a big team, cannot find one person to be in-charge of answering/updating backers questions or concerns! this is definitely a sign of trouble!
i'm starting to feel shaky on this one. i backed another tech kickstarter, and almost two years later it's creeping. they started exactly the same way. empty updates, no real information, and then once the refund phase is past, the truth came out. i'm watching this for a few more days and then seriously considering bailing. kickstarter is no guarantee, but i'm starting to see a pattern with projects that fail.
hi guys! as you can imagine, we are going into the hot phase here to meet our schedule for pocketscan and have thus been heads down in the development and logistical planning, but let's tackle that inbox right away!  we are just now collecting feedback from the software team to provide with a nice update again this week!
rule number one on kickstarter: trust nobody ... funding phase -> they reply one hour later / "work phase" -> yeah maybe once a month we can look what our backers want ...
agree with marie-andree! you guys can't reply to a pm for a month. this is not a good sign! hope to have a real update soon!
from last update 9 days ago : "we will receive the latest samples of pocketscan towards the end of this week". so, can we see them?
is the target release date in the update still on target?
i have been waiting for a response to my pm too
waiting for a pm response for over a month.....
hey pocketscan team, nice update. but once you get sample / prototype ready for testing, please share the video for prototype working - that would be great and give us more confidence. keep up good work and progress... please let me know how to change the shipping address. thanks & best of luck. ac
what if somebody want to change the shipping address, what is the solution for this. i know shipping will be delayed as you guys have not provided any kind of solid update to keep up the trust.
hey pocketscan team, its not 17 days afte your last update. it was not that important update. color update. wow.... what about production , what about prototype, what about testing results, what about beta version... please update your backers who trusted you for showing us nice product.
well, if production is delayed (i also think it will be), they should update us on it. getting tired of creators who go silent about important things like production. ks is not just about getting your money and shipping to backers, creators. that is not ks, it's called a pre-order system!
refer to the project timeline 'pocketscan team will final optimization of hardware design on july/august and ramp-up first 1000 units of pocketscan'. no updates talking about the hardware/production before today, i guess pocketscan will be delay on production.
last update was on september 5 about color choices, with no points raised on production, i think many people are starting to question what is happening... can we have some updates? two more months to go before delivery
so when do we get a real update?
@ruben, oh yes :) thanks
@rl, i wonder what you mean. as you will set the pocket scan onto the surface, it should be blocking the ambient light anyway, or am i mistaken?
@dacuda, pocketscan have a function to scan a colors, can i adjust the white balance for different lights?
when is the next update?
?
@dacuda, pocketscan have a function to scan a colors, can i adjust the white balance for different lights?
i was wondering if i have an object like fabric that i want to scan (which can move when dragged across).  would it be able to scan with a sheet of glass under the pocketscan or does it need to be direct.
hi dacuda, i've sent a pm a few weeks ago. appreciate if you could provide me with a response. thank you.
@ abdul dacuda may be a great company but here on ks we are part of their journey and process. you might not be interested in updates but i am, i personally think they should keep up updated with the complete process. it may not be regular or detailed updates but at least with some realistic news which keeps us involved. you yourself asked them so many questions.
comments: pledge summary  amount pledged: $99.00 usd  reward: exclusive kickstarter product: get the exclusive kickstarter pocketscan white for $50 less than the anticipated retail price of $149. includes the unique dacuda scan software for mac, windows, and ipad. delivered to you by christmas! (please add $10 for shipping)  estimated delivery: dec 2014 would please tell me how can i pay $10 for shipping? thanks very much.
i don't think this is new technology in the part of dacuda.  it seems like an updated version of their old device 'mouse scanner'.    it seems like the hardware should be easy to do (maybe a little update in hardware compared the mouse scanner' and added bluetooth instead of wired connection.  i think it is going to be more software handling.
@creator/dacuda. i was not concerned about your lack of update as you reply to various backers comment. however, i am concerned about the lack of detail of the production. it seems that you are still in design stage. when is the pre-production/sample/pilot run? when is the actual production date? i hope that the the first 500 backer unit is not part of the sample run as that is suppose to be a sample run. also, what's is the status of fcc/ce certification and other kind of certification? a good sample for update on production plan in which all creator should follow is in this post. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1075774055/goplug-powering-mobility-0/posts/977209
@jitesh surana. failed project for pocketscan? you got to be kidding. you should find out more about dacuda. a lot of other companies are depending on dacuda technology so you don't have to worry about not receiving your product. the question is when.
hi creator, honestly i was not so happy after reading your update which didn't offer any insightful information. your last few updates didn't include any realistic information. ks projects especially with new technologies are often very challenging and difficult to execute. your update sounded that you are working on something and that's it. starting to feel worried about my decision. i hope you will not disappoint and result in another failed project.
@all: we are very sorry to have kept you waiting for so long! it has been super-busy, but we hope it won't happen again!
please share an update!
@ruben well, not as bad since this project just begun.
@marie-andree poisson, it's almost as bad as sip snap, innit? ;-)
@abdul if you check the last updates, you will see that none of them are about planning, design, pre-production, etc. that is what i (and others) are asking for.
wow.. what's the obsession with update?  unless dacuda has promised us a weekly/fortnightly update in which some project does, i don't think an update is necessary. i prefer a meaningful rather an update for the sake of update.
+1
+1
you guys are setting a bad example by not keeping us posted regularly. an update doesn't take that long in making. no news means bad news on ks. please share an update!
update please!
"in the making" for about a week now ...
my guess is, they probably waiting some information and/or photos before finalise the update.
guys please share an update! if doesn't take so long to share one!
@all thanks for your color suggestions and your feedback on our updates! an update on pocketscan's status is in the making! @kenneth the pocketscan hardware is of course a lot smaller than the scanner mouse. that also changes the way the scan window is embedded and whether you can reach bordered areas well.
would like an update within the next week or two if the project is still on target or off target.
again, update us with conception and production info please!
@kenneth i believe if you look further back in the comments the creator said that the mouse scanner had a much smaller scan area compared to the pocketscan meaning it would take more swipes from the mouse to scan the same area the pocketscan could scan in a single swipe
can you pls tell us if your device has any differences to this indiegogo project? looks like it does exactly the same but just in a different form factor? https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/zcan-wireless-the-world-s-first-wireless-scanner-mouse
update please
danke für die infos, freue mich schon darauf.
i agree...please offer a real update. thx.
@jitesh is right. @dacuda you'r last 3 updates were congratulations, news on surveys, etc. noting about design, pre-production, production, planning, etc. get to work on that please!
great! can we have a real update about the progress of the actual product and its development? we have spoken a lot about cases and colors.
wow. this is the first campaign that i see that reply to comment every 1 week after the campaign end. good work dacuda. glad i back this.
@clement - hope we got back to you alright @jeff @michelle - we'll try to keep you informed regularly on pocketscan! color voting will be up next!
@creator dropped you guys a pm. look forward to getting a reply.
very happy with communication. gives me confidence and if they come back to kickstarter i'd buy again.
good to know you guys are still alive. i've backed 40 or so projects, and i can say definitively that companies who update regularly with real information keep a good relationship with backers, even when running behind. i've also backed companies that delivered, but late, with little communication, and the backers were ready to break out the torches and pitchforks. even if the updates are not substantial, but contain relevant info, the backers will stay reasonably calm. really looking forward to this product. i've always wanted one, but always stopped because of features and/or price wasn't right. good luck!
@dacuda, thanks for replying.
@laurens you can always use the copy paste option for scans to use them in any app including pages and numbers. also via the "share with" function you can use your scans and save them in evernote, but also in other apps like onenote etc. @dt because we have received this question/feedback about this, we want to develop an option to make multiple page pdfs. that way, you can scan several pages quickly and save them in one file. @jingyu the scans will not be locked to evernote at all. you can use the "share with" function to use and share your scans with any app you have on your device. also, the file formats of scans will also include .txt and you can always use copy/past (clipboard) to use scanned texts in the apps of your choice. @michael & dadly - update on colors and our progress to come soon!
updates please ???
any news?
you can do genius scan app.
can scanned documents opened with other apps other than office or evernote? i an curious what format the scanned document would be.  if it is a pdf, i am confident it can be "open with..." any other pdg reader. but if the format is locked to be evernote's proprietary format, it means i am locked to evernote. what i am asking is, what format the scanned documents would be once transferred to windows and ipad? thanks!
is there any way to scan parts of a book quickly?  like say a chapter of a book and have it create a pdf.  or i would have to manually crop and such.
will it sync with evernote? and can it also work with pages and numbers? i hope it does. thanks :d
@conscious consumer @tan yes, as you can imagine with over 4000 pledges, it takes a while to get through the numbers and pledges, but we are working on it! @nathan the app will be available around the same time as our shipping date. @emerald @a thanks! yes, the pocketscan is smaller and more portable and has simply less hardware around the scanning window. @oscar originally we had planned to send out the surveys sooner, but we may delay the surveys closer to the shipping date, so we avoid that people move and have to change their shipping information etc. @jeremy yes, we had originally planned the ks exclusive pouch, but offer it now as well. however, you can see that we made sure that our backers have a big price advantage on the case by pledging for it on kickstarter @skippy there really was no big strategic thought behind that choice. we chose between product design and tech and went for tech. however, there was no specific intention behind that.
@tan i did the same thing and they said they are working on helping those who mixed up there pledge once they update their site.
sorry for the trouble in advance. i made an mistake and change my pledge. previously, i backed the (99+10) for the pocketscan. last minute i decide to increase another (15) for the premium case (124). however, the pledge has changed. will it affect my order for the pocketscan and case?
when will the app become available?
@emerald, thank you for insight, :)
@a, from what i can tell it looks like dacuda's previous mouse scanner except its wireless. the problem with the mouse scanner is that the scanning area (at the bottom) is much smaller than the entire mouse so its hard to scan thick books or non flat areas. you can see the zscan product has the same problematic design. with the pocketscan the extra space is almost gone so that eliminates the problem. also the zscan product is made from d-toi which is a partner of the dacuda company (you can search this on the dacuda site)
@a. indiegogo? most of the backers prefer not to back a project in indiegogo unless it is special.
uh oh, another  similar scanner, coming out http://prefundia.com/projects/view/zcan-wireless-the-worlds-1st-wireless-scanner-mouse/1821/
you guys are awesome! can't wait.
is there an estimate on when you will contact us? also i pledged for 4 scanners with case, just so you know :)
@pankaj kochar, +1 and the price for premium case is far cheaper during kickstarter campaign compared to current pre-order price.
@jeremy @rl not everyone have ordered that case from kickstarter and dacuda must have placed an order for atleast 1000 case for production. what will they do with the rest of the case? throw it?
@jeremy, creator will say: no, only cheap cheap pouch is kickstarter exclusive.
you said: "no, the premium case is kickstarter exclusive." but you sell it on your webpage? http://shop.dacuda.com/product/premium-protective-neoprene-case-by-galeli-vienna
@dacuda i tried to email for a response once. i'm a backer. could you please tell me that book on the main image of your campaign.. its a pretty neat looking book. thank you.
@dacuda whenever you get a chance can you contact me back? i sent a message.
@dacuda: why did you put your pocketscan project into the design section of ks and not in technology?
i was going to add the luxury case but forgot as i was off in an assignment. any way i can still do it?
apologies!! yeah just saw it!
a huge thank you to all of you guys! we uploaded a little thank you video on our main page :) @jitesh @low chong hung - yes, we uploaded a little thank you video on our main page :) @luis @galit yes, we will take a little while to process all the information and send out all the surveys. @yin li we are organizing a way to add shipping for those who didn't get the chance to during the campaign and will inform people individually. @eligio pocketscan will auto-crop documents by recognizing corners, if there are any. white backgrounds can easily be made transparent in a program like photoshop/gimp, especially if you save it as a .png
@jitesh surana, because dacuda said huge thank you in main page instead of here. :d
i don't know if i am the only one feeling this but strangely there has been no word from dacuda team after the end of really successful campaign. saying a simple thank you to backers couldn't hurt that much specially when they have been really active all the time during the campaign.
@galit thanks
@luis usually it takes amazon about two weeks to process all of the credit card payments and get the funds to the creators. in my experience, most creators usually wait until that's happened before they send out the survey emails. i can't speak on how dacuda will do their surveys... but it wouldn't surprise me if we don't see them for another two weeks at least.
when will the survey be sent out.
hi dacuda,  i forgot to add the oversea delivery charge when i paid for the item, would you advise how to pay the delivery? thanks
congrats on this amazing campaign
congrats x10, nearly 11
will pocketscans detect edges and automatically cut off the background of a document/photo?
@dacuda congratulations on such a wildly successful campaign!!  i'm thrilled that joakim told me about it and that i was able to help motivate folks in the last few days. i know that we'll all be thrilled with our pocketscans! =)
congratulation for successful funding! and thank you to dacuda for a so wonderful product! :d
just for general knowledge are there specifications about the cam. thanks
@joao pocketscan will work fine with both mac os and windows 8/8.1 but it wont work with iphone 4 due to hardware limitations. look in the faq. it will work with your next phone...
hi guys, i just pledged for a pocketscan, to work with my mac and windows 8 that i have at home and in the office, but i also have an iphone 4 8gig, with the ios 7.1.1. will it work there? it would be rely useful if you could make it work in this version, because it just makes it more mobile. thanks!
@fiona - in such a case we will sort it out for sure. but it can't hurt to let us know - like you just did - to make sure there is no misunderstandings there! :) we'll make a note!
@fiona it´s going to be sorted. there  is going to be a servey after the canpain. dacuda also has this comment page to look at. and you can always send them a pm by using the contact me button on this page if you for some reson wont be able to specify in the servay.
@galit thank you! to you and all my reading rainbow conector frends :-) @creator thank you! you know were to find me :) @all thank you all for making tis a fantastic run and a fatastic product, you just wait and see ;-)
i quick question before the time is up. i have already pledged for one of the premium cases.  but i'd like 2.  if i added another $15, would the system then think i want a tshirt ($30) rather than 2 cases ($30)?  will there be room in the final survey to specify for 2 cases? big congratulations on a brilliant project. thank you
@birdmuck simon is correct, our maximum format is a3, it highly depends on the memory of your device. the bigger the better for large formats. but you can softwares to stitch the scans together as simon has mentioned. @oscar as sara has pointed out, pocketscan will be produced in asia, not in the us @fransan yes, we only support some android devices for now, but may add additional ones down the line. but we can only promise the ones listed in our faq by christmas. @simon @emerald_mara85 you can simply save the scan as a .doc / .xls file and open it then. it does not only work via copy+paste. excel recognize tables when there are lines showing the cells, for sure. in word the scans are displayed as editable text, but they still look like the original document, as can be seen on our photos on the ks page. @bloodykiller44 you can use a bluetooth dongle for your desktop pc @joakim congratulations from us as well! we'll be in touch about your factory visit tour!!! :) @galit thanks to you too for keeping everyone motivated in these final hours of our project!
@birdmuck you'll be able to scan up until a3. but with a software like photoshop or a panorama stitching tool you'll be able to combine images to larger ones.
@birdmuck forgot to put this,  usually 300 dpi is enough for prints
@birdmuck the maximum dpi is 400, some people like 600 dpi artwork depending on the publisher or client. very rarely it would be 1200 dpi but it does happened...
can someone help me before the end of the pledging time please. i am an artist and want to use this scanner to scan a2 size drawings clearly and accurately at high res. would this scanner be good enough to do that?!
@oscar_rmx no pocketscan is not manufactured in the us, it is manufactured somewhere in asia (see the highest reward)
someone knows if the pocketscan is manufactured in the us?
discovered... i've just seen it can support some android phones, but they are 32 bits and arm processors.
hi ! i'm really lucky, i descover this project yesterday night...  my question : does it work with android 64 bits (x86) ?
@simon carrier, from what i can tell from their previous product, you select the 'paste text' option then paste it in a word program.
how good does it work with excel and word? have you tried it yet ?
any suggested bluetooth receiver for pc ?
congrats joakim!!!
time for another stretch goal. +1
looks like we have time for another stretch goal.
@emerald thank you! :-d now i will go to bed it´s 0100 over here :-)
congratulations joakim, you got the tour!
@galit i will buddy :-) @all thank you all :-d
don't forget your add ons folks! add on for a kickstarter exclusive premium case! - $15 add on for a polo shirt! - $30 add on extra pocketscans for christmas/hanukah/birthday (and other holiday) gifts! - $99 + $10 (shipping) = $109 - don't forget to add $10 for shipping on each pocketscan! $10 shipping is the same for everyone, both domestic and international.
yay!! have fun on the tour joakim!! =)
@creator dacuda yes it's true i have been working my but of to make the tts come true, because i know what an impact it will have on the end user the ability to access written information for dose of us with print disability (be it dyslexia, visual impairment or any other reason).  i feel so humbled by my personal stretch goal i can´t even begin to express what i am feeling right now. hope to see you all soon. but whatever happens i will keep fighting for this to be an amazing product. thank you all for supporting pocketscan we coudent have donit without you backers.
@creator dacuda yes it's true i have been working my but of to make the tots come true, because i know what an impact it will have on the end user the ability to access written information for dose of us with print disability (be it dyslexia, visual impairment or any other reason). i feel so humbled by my personal stretch goal i can´t even begin to express what i am feeling right now. hope to see you all soon. but whatever happens i will keep fighting for this to be an amazing product. thank you all for supporting pocketscan we coudent have donit without you backers.
@joakim pack your bags buddy!  kicktraq shows trending towards $529k as of now.... http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1776222658/pocketscan/
fantastic stuff this, especially the past few days. now for getting joakim a well deserved stretch goal :-)
@dacuda yep! that's totally fine, we were just talking about how it could maybe be an option in a future model... and that's what you just confirmed! :) @joakim great job buddy!! congratulations on your exclusive stretch goal!! =d
@creator - works for me. i'll be back to buy that version as well when you do.
@all thanks again! all of you have made this possible! especially joakim has been such an amazing backer, answering questions and fighting for our tts mode for such a long time. we know, we couldn't have done it without him. so let's do something for joakim as well: here comes our next inofficial stretch goal: if we reach $515k, joakim will receive the exclusive factory tour as a thank you for his amazing support and fight for the tts mode! :)
@brian @jeff @galit @cklow as jeff has pointed out, we will not be able to provide the sd card slot in this version as it would greatly change the technology, hard- and software of the device so that we cannot make that possible in this current version of pocketscan. however, this is a really interesting and also popular idea from you guys so we are looking into providing it in a future version. we will look into another kickstarter too, but of course, we can't plan that at this stage just yet. ;) @brian the color white is set for pocketscan. maybe the color edition will contain a black version, as this has been mentioned by several backers as a good alternative. @bonnie yes, of course it will be optional for you to use the tts mode whenever you need to.
i think all backers should only get the best model sd and all  inclusive:)
great job ! and concragulatiind! i think black color should come standerd  i will have to paint or skin mine black with some black tape:( wish i could have the us flag one too�
@dacuda ditto on the "you're welcome" that joakim said =) @jeff i love that idea! a kickstarter for the next "sd card" model of pocketscan with a discount for original backers... sounds great to me! =d
@dacuda you are welcome dacuda :-)
yippee reached the 3rd goal
@bonnie yes! it will be a setting in the softwear
will the text-to-speech mode be optional? (i.e. will i be able to scan without it trying to read everything to me as i'm scanning?)
@cklow - the sd card issue has been asked and i dont think its happening on this version as it would severely delay the time lines. @creator - can you do a pocketscan ver 2 with sd card capabilities and do another funding period for that? it would be nice to see a special plan (discount) for those that bought the original version and wanted to buy the new model with sd card abilities. i know i would love that ability and understand its not going to be on this version, however would love to get it on a future model.
any chances that the device can come with sd card slot to store scan pic or document as a computer might not always be available.
@all! thank you all so, so much, once again! you guys made this bigger than we thought possible! thanks for all the support, especially in the last few days!
absolutly great!
congrats to the whole dacuda team!
i bet they will reach about 600,000....
@gregg i know that more devices will be added over time. the ones in the faq is just the ones they have committed to for the  first release. some models will require software upgrades and others will just work. i don't see any reason why nexus 5 won't work med pocketscan.
congrats 500k!  another fast 20 hours 520k stretch goal ? hah
@reagan creado +1 :d
@low chong hung: thanks, i jumped for it ☺
oops. gone.
one slot for $79 available now.
would love support for nexus 5, plz.  :d
woo!
woohoo. stretch goal no. 3 unlocked.
amazing! thanks to everyone making this happen! i did not expect such a greate audience!
great! congrats!! i am verry happy that you have reached the stretchgoal!
congrats to the dacuda team!
impressive!
onward and upward! we made it. what say we double it in the next 20 hours? (crazy-talkin' fella)
congratulation for reaching 3rd goal!
congratulations with the $500.000
@op sun we made it! thank you all again
yay!!! great job everyone!!!  thank you to each and every one of you!!! =d
so so awesome... i am also the one of project member. and i also do pledge by personal.
btw my last comment was # 500 ;)
whoah, i was just here an hour ago when it was less than 7k left! unbelievable! congratulations!
congratulations on reaching beyond 500k  :)  i added the extra case ... go tts
now it is going to run fast as third goal is awesome, and many will join...
@all thank you all! together we just made this a fantastic product that will aid so many in their daily lives. :-d
next goal is some colors choices for all.... ????
500.000 thousand #hype
impressing!
so http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1776222658/pocketscan was really pessimistic about it....
next stretch goal android phones?
wow, congratulation!
you reach it unbelievable....
wow!
wow. what a sudden surge. looks like we'll make it. just a little more to go.
249$ to go!
wow!! $600 to go!!
@all who ever did whatever you did, thank you so much :-d together we'll make it happen :-d
awesome! thanks for the extra push towards the goal!! =)
unless..... you're pledging only for a polo shirt at the $30 reward tier level.... then you need to add $5 for shipping.
ok, then the protective case will be mine...and hopefully a pocketscan with text-to-speech-mode :-d
@reinhard that's right! the $10 shipping applies only to the pocketscan (whether it's one or more, each of them gets $10 to ship). the accessories (the exclusive premium case and the polo shirt) don't have any added shipping costs. =)
@reinhard thats right
did i understand right? there are only additional shipping costs for additional pocketscans, but not for the premium case, right?
good morning folks!!  for all of the lurkers out there who are watching, but haven't pledged yet... you should get a pocketscan now because:  -  1) you'll have bragging rights to say you helped to launch this product into existence! 2) every dollar counts towards the $500k stretch goal to add tts and help those in need! 3) you'll get to play with it/use it before the general public even sees it or hears about it.. and possibly others will learn about it simply by seeing yours! 4) the retail price will be higher than the kickstarter price, so you're getting a savings of at least $50 right now!  5) the premium case is exclusive to this kickstarter! so grab a pocketscan and add $15 for the case now, before it's too late!  -  those who have already pledged:  add on for a premium case! - $15 add on for a polo shirt! - $30 add on extra pocketscans for christmas/hanukah/birthday (and other holiday) gifts! - $99 + $10 (shipping) = $109 - don't forget to add $10 for shipping on each pocketscan! $10 shipping is the same for everyone, both domestic and international.
@all we just need $7244 too make it! that equals 67 new backers /units at $109 or that 484 more backers go for the exclusive kickstarter premium case add on. keep spreding the word, and keep geting the add ons. together we will make it!
it looks like you will reach the 3rd stretch goal! would love to see rgb values with the color speech
@yudi when we get that close it´s just $1 more from all of us and we will have mad it. i belive it will sort it self out if we all pul togheter we will make it!  we habe 26h to go
what will happened if you reach almost to 500,000 like 498,000 will you still do the third goal ?
@all we have about $12500 to go and we are 4253 backers strong we do this keep adding the kickstarter exclusive premium case , it gose a long way if you have addes the prium case you can add a sweet shirt, it goes a long way we will make this if we all pul togheter
awesome, @nick! thank you! let's keep going!
pledge increased by $15 for the premium case :-)
@joseph goethals: correct! the data is transmitted via bluetooth. pocketscan is a bluetooth accessory and therefore it is required for all platforms @low chong hung: good idea ;) @alexandre: please check out update #9 - it contains a link with some scan samples. what you're looking for is probably something like this: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/3b7san9xm4rw89j/aaasoqrvghnh80jgh1oroos2a#lh:null-scan0055.png @mohammed issa: that would be exactly one of the ideas we're looking for! would be great to see someone implementing this via the software development kit! for all the sdk questions: alex ilic's information is correct - officially confirmed
@all: nice run and thanks for you support! the sdk is really a new experiment for us. there are not many scanners and accessories out there which allow you to customize / integrate the experience directly into your app and workflow. @roland: with the basic sharing interfaces that we support on the mobile platforms you can already connect pocketscan to several applications. however, if you want to use pocketscan as part of your app/workflow then you would need the sdk. we have seen great ideas already and think that we will be probably surprised with what you guys can do with it! @rené jaun: good news! if you get the sdk everyone at your company can use it. each sdk pledge gets a developer id which can be then registered to an individual or a whole company. it also contains all the necessary rights so that you can deploy your solution. after the kickstarter campaign the sdk will be probably offered for around $2000.
@pankaj perfect! thanks! :-)
added $15 for case $79 +$10+$15= $104
we're doing great! let's keep it up!  we're at $20,796 needed until tts and that means we need at 191 backers needed at $109!   - keep adding on for add ons (polo shirts, premium cases, extra pocketscans) and don't forget to add $10 for shipping on each pocketscan! $10 shipping is for everyone domestic and international. (as joseph and sasidhar both noted earlier). =)
@joseph  shipping is $10 regardless of domestic or international.
haha. i just saw the latest update so the shipping question is answered. time to get a fancy case too.
if shipping is only $10 international then i'll probably get the fancy case too. it looks nice.
also, does that data transmit to phones/tablets/etc over bluetooth?  the minimum specs for windows pcs did not mention bluetooth capability. bluetooth has only recently become standard on desktop tower pcs so it would be nice to know if i have to get a bluetooth dongle to use the scanner.
the faq says to add $10 for international shipping. i am in canada. does i just add $10 shipping as the reward tier states or it is $10 'more' on top of the $10 stated in the rewards (for a total of $20 shipping)?  the faq is confusing.
$22,983 to go! that's 211 backers at $109!  come on folks! let's get this done!
@alexandre, connect a power bank to pocketscan, you can almost perform unlimited scan. :p
i'm going to ask it again and really appreciated it if you could do it before the end. is it possible to see a scan that show to the highest resolution crisp lines (either pen or pencil). and a new question:  and i was wondering also what was the size (not dpi) of 1 scan that you approximate for the 400 scan on one charge? (want to approximate the scan capacity for size i will scan)
$26,333 to go! for all of the lurkers out there who are watching, but haven't pledged yet: - 1) you'll be able to say you helped to launch this product into existence 2) because every dollar counts towards the $500k stretch goal to help those in need (and it may come down to the wire) 3) you'll get to play with it/use it before the general public even sees it or hears about it.. and possibly others will learn about it simply by seeing yours 4) the retail price will be higher than the kickstarter price, so you're getting a savings of at least $50 right now. 5)  the premium case is exclusive to this kickstarter! so grab a pocketscan and add $15 for the case now, before it's too late! - those who have already pledged: add on for a premium case! add on for a polo shirt! add on extra pocketscans for christmas/hanukah/birthday (and other holiday) gifts!
wow! i too am amazed at and thankful for the progress towards the funding goal. i too would like to know how sdk access will be handled/granted after the end of our campaign. will potential developers have to buy their way in as well? or will you even close and lock away the sdk after that? also: if i pledge for the sdk, will only i basically have your rights to work with it? or am i allowed to bring it into let's say my software developing company and use it to enhance their products? best regards, and keep going everyone!
@creator, i just thought of an idea, that might be very helpful. im not sure if this was discussed before. since the pocketscan is portable and reads colors accurately, can you write a little code that will allow us to choose paint colors? in other words, if i find a color that i like on any surface, i can scan it, then the app will give us the paint code (rgb or cmyk) to give to home depot for example, to provide us with that exact color. this technology is already available, in fact, a kickstarter called node did just that.
@roland good question! i pledged on another ks that will let me create android apps without knowing any coding ... but yeah the pocketscan sdk is too rich for my blood. :-/
will the sdk be made public somewhere after product launch? or will it always remain very expensive (from an indie point of view) to develop for / add support for pocketscan in an app or desktop program... $1250 - (3 * $109) = $923 is pretty steep from my perspective. i think it would benefit the product to have as many apps and programs as possible to support the pocketscan!
@galit @all we will make it if we all pull togheter keep geting those premium cases (kickstarter exclusive) , it put us that mutch closer keep spreding the word and get new backers in keep geting dose sweet shirts and remember the shipping cost of $10 a unit we will do this you all
$28,109 to go! 39 hours left.... it's going to be close, but we can still make tts happen!
wow, you're amazing! quite a run today! keep it going! @alain bougenière: happy to see a fellow developer here! yes - you understood it correctly. simply select the developer kit reward ($1250) and you're done. by the way, it includes 3 pocketscan devices + the api to customize / integrate pocketscan into your app + free tech support. check out update #8 for more details. @galit: that's the spirit! @stevens: wow, you were really fast! lucky you! @keith wong: yes, our algorithm contains a smart auto-rotate. it looks for straight lines and will automatically rotate your image accordingly. @rina: *thumbs up* you're awesome! @emerald_mara85: sorry about that! yes, pocketscan can also support movements of arbitrary rotations. in fact, you can even lift off pocketscan and continue scanning on another part
we just need another 267 backers at $109 and someone to add on for a premium case!
only $30,947 until the tts stretch goal!!  we can do this folks!   add on for a premium case!  add on for a polo shirt!   add on extra pocketscans for christmas/hanukah/birthday (and other holiday) gifts! spread the word on facebook, twitter, tumblr, etc! tell everyone you know:  friends, family, neighbors, your dentist, your hair stylist, your mechanic, your professor/teacher, your pediatrician! anyone and everyone! =)
thx for the $79 slot!
@ alain if you want the sdk you chose the developer kit level as you're plage level
hi! for the sdk pledge, i understand that if i buy one pocketscan and add some more $$$ i will get the sdk ? regards, alain
oh and reason #5 now!  the premium case is exclusive to this kickstarter!  so grab a pocketscan and add $15 for the case now, before it's too late! =d
we had a nice bump in pledges overnight, let's keep it going! since @dacuda liked my reasons on why you should pledge now instead of waiting for retail, i'll list them again! for all of the lurkers out there who are watching, but haven't pledged yet: - 1) you'll be able to say you helped to launch this product into existence 2) because every dollar counts towards the $500k stretch goal to help those in need (and it may come down to the wire) 3) you'll get to play with it/use it before the general public even sees it or hears about it.. and possibly others will learn about it simply by seeing yours 4) the retail price will be higher than the kickstarter price, so you're getting a savings of at least $50 right now. - those are my reasons. =)
@rina thank you!  keep spreding the word please
i just added $15 for the case and to help the stretch goal effort! =) good luck everyone!
@keith yes! it will be smart smart enough
if i scan a photo diagonally, do i need to use an image editor to crop it and make it straight? will the scanner be smart enough to recognized corners and make it straight automatically?
great!  looks like you get a full 109$ backer, though you forgot to answer about the angle.
@jb @clemens @li thanks guys! the case won't disappoint! @emearld_mara85 the scan window is only small, but with the mouse that is big you cannot reach the corners of pages. with pocketscan - as you may be able to see in the device specifications, the window is just as big as the pocketscan in width, so the scan window can reach corners and the middle of books as well while a mouse has too much hardware around the scan window. the pocketscan eliminates this problem by getting rid of unnecessary hardware around the scan window.
@gibson thank you! much appreciated :-) keep spreding the word please
not really into tts. but can understand the need for it. so, i added $15 for the case as well.
tried to ask some questions but there was no reply so i had to pledge a dollar... i tried a previous product of your company, the myscan which had problems: - couldn't scan the middle of a non-flat book because the myscan is a mouse and the scanner area is so small... - couldn't scan some of the corner of a page which leads to missing some letters. - in the middle of scanning, if you change the angle of the way you hold the scanner, the page looks jumbled up so you have to redo the scan. what i'm asking is, does the above problems are actually solved in this pocketscan? i'm guessing from the design of the pocketscan, the 1st problem seems solved but i need to make sure.
@michael thank you the $109 include a bag something like this http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/41lhxzsqvbl.jpg for the exlusive kickstarter case in the update please ad $15 (if yiu haven´t allready) keep spreding the word
never mind. i read the updates.
so i backed for $109, does that include any case, or do i need to add $15?
@clemens thank you! and keep spreding the word please
added the kickstarter exclusive case to my pledge
@li liqiang thank you! and keep spreding the word please
i also added $15 to my pledge for the case.
@jb thank you! and keep spreding the word please
i added $15 to my pledge for the case. good luck in reaching the 500k mark!
@creator thank you, we can do this! @all we can do this! to make this happen we need another 461 backers at $109 or that the existing backers go for the $15 exlusive kickstarter case i have a new chalange for you for every 100 new backers at $109 or for every $10900 i will by an extra unit with case so please go out and get my dose backers / funds and make me pay
@all: let's stay optimistic and pull this off! pocketscan is a great gadget for anyone and we can make it even greater with tts! on another note: we added a couple more sample scans in higher resolution and of fabric for you to see via the link on our ks page. @lisen - i am sorry you are not as excited about text-to-speech mode, but we think it can really make a huge impact for many people! we hope you understand that we cannot promise support for every device by christmas, but galaxy s is a phone that is also high on our list of devices that we hope to add via software updates later on. as for pdf-files. pocketscan applies a minimum format, so if you scan a whole page, pocketscan will autocrop it to the scanned area which would equal the page size and then you can simply save it as a pdf. the software doesn't apply standard formats however, but rather adjusts to any size of documents you scan. @sebastian thank you! @abdul - absolutely! let's see what happens today and the next couple days! we're are still on track! @galit - thank you! those reasons sum it up really well. @marie andree - yes, ble was introduced in the bluetooth standard with bluetooth 4.0, so it is indeed backward compatible. @sophia @m. schmiemann - okay, let's see, if we can get more people excited about that! thanks for your feedback and congrats again on the world cup championship @alexandre - glad you like our latest scan samples. this is probably all the scan samples we will provide as we are now focusing on really crossing the stretch goal #3 line with you guys! @second guess - no, the premium case is kickstarter exclusive.
@jeff @wicky @lh - to be honest, tts was not on our road map before kickstarter. we understand that you're quite excited to get the tts mode, but please keep in mind that we're a small team. we want to provide you with a really great user experience for tts as illustrated in our video. also, we're committed to meet the proposed deadlines. however, this means that we need to put in extra development effort. the stretch goal is a great way that we can transparently align the extra effort needed with the market demand. @yudi @rl @stevens @khoi pham- with our limited color edition we want to offer something special for just $20 more than the planned retail price. we give these backers the option to actively participate in our design process and therefore wanted to treat them with a high-end, collector's type of edition of pocketscan. also, please don't forget that pocketscan is an advanced consumer accessory. this means that for making colors economically feasible, we would otherwise need a minimum order quantity of 5k units of the same color. we will make sure that our color edition backers really get the special treatment they have pledged for!
congratulations dacuda to the great success! i look forward to the delivery. a couple of comments even though i've already ordered: 1. i'd much rather have android phone (galaxy s) compatibility than text-to-speech. there are apps like voicedream that give text-to-speech functionality with hopefully not too much extra hassle. 2. it is not quite clear how easy the software creates pdfs of the scans and crops the scanned surface to the correct format. if i need to scan a lot of a4 pages and save them as pdf, does the software have a process for doing that smoothly? grateful for your reply.
@dacuda: i support lh idea the tts will be offered when $450k is reach and any possibility tts can be offered by software/firmware upgrade later if it just can't be offered when it was shipped in dec14?
i agree with stevens's idea, the color edition is overprice. we pay $70 extra for the "vote rights" and the color edition (which should be less than $70). in the result, if the 2 color are not what we want, so we got the normal (white) version and pay $70 extra for nothing. i think we should be able to get 1 color version or 2 white version if we don't like the 2 color then.
creator: considering how excited and motivated your backers are, i think you should probably consider about giving us the text to speech capacity when we reach 450k. it  will be a step that will take you further..
@sebastian thank you! keep spreding the word we can do this!
@joakim: alright, you talked me into it. i just increased by pledge by 15 $.
@stevens and @rl you are totally right, but according to my calculation they have to return 7000$ to the 102 backers and raise more 60 backers to cover the lost, and hopefully get more backers that change the pledge, 3 days before its end ? i don't think that it is logical.... because that i,  lets say 1000 backers will add 15$ then it will be only 15000$, but what do you know... maybe after all it is a good idea....
@stevens, i agree with you and i absolutely not to pay $15 for the premium case
the price for the special color edition is too high. it should have been a pledge for max $10 or $20 more than the $99 pledge with no max of backers. i bet a lot of people would have chosen that one. it makes no sense to ask so much money for only a color. color upgrades are often a stretched goal, not a perk.
when this retails for $149, will it also include the premium case or the case will cost extra? thanks
if everyone adds $14 (or a case) we'll hit our mark!
@jeff. we still have 2.5 days more. anything can happen.
@jeff i'd say to stay with this model because: - 1) you'll be able to say you helped to launch this product into existence   2) because every dollar counts towards the $500k stretch goal to help those in need (and it may come down to the wire) 3) you'll get to play with it/use it before the general public even sees it or hears about it.. and possibly others will learn about it simply by seeing yours 4) the retail price will be higher than the kickstarter price, so you're getting a savings of at least $50 right now. - those are my reasons. =)
@galit - no kidding. i get the point and if i don't get on this version i'll wait until after to get it. why spend for it now when it could be there later?
@jeff we haven't hit the 48 hour mark yet.  just wait, usually when those 48 hour email reminders go out, there's a big surge at the end.  we can still make the stretch goal, we all just have to keep spreading the word and convincing folks why they need a pocketscan. remind them it's not just a toy, but also a very useful educational tool for those with learning disabilities and for the blind!
a german world cup edition were absolutly great and a nice remember at this wonderful day, - what i have in this time... awesome!!!!
already doing color edition scanner. will wait to hear how the creator responds or watch close and make up my mind.
@jeff i am convinst we will make the 500k stretch goal! i am working my but of to make it so! remember ther will be a 48h reminder e-mail. if everybacker that hasent gone for the premium case dose so, that wode take us so mutch closer... or if you have alredy gone for the premium case please go for the sweet shirt or the color edition. and keep spreding the word... i am and will keep doing that for another 62h we will make the 500k stretch goal if we pol togheter!!! we can do this you all... keep it up and don´t lose feifh :-)
guess if it doesn't make stretch goal we pull out and wait until later to buy. hate stretch goals because hopes up for something and then rug pulled out. @creator - so if no 500k, no functionality for text to speech? if so, i'll just sit and wait for others or until you figure it out later down the line.
yay for the world cup color edition!
@all 68 h to go and  $ 57658 thats 529 new backers @$109  if everone go out and get one new backer we will have this done... togheter we can do this... let´s make it so if you haven´t aded $10 shipping to youre pocketscan plage please do so $10 global shipping domestic or international
@creator tanks for providing age scan to highest resolution.  will it be possible to post one on that setting that shows crisp line (a pen/pencil drawing) watercolor is nice but doesn't show all potential. thanks again
@alex i know that it's retrocompatible, but where does it say it's bluetooth 4?
@all i have been out for a wile today. you have been doing well but we still need @ 62402 thats eqvivaleent to 573 new backers at $109. we are 3877 backers at the moment so betwen us we can do this :-) spred the word and tell everyone you know
@creator, +1 :d
@low chong hung - no, we are confident that our production partner can handle the scale of the production well and we ourselves will just have to put more effort into the shipping, but it's definitely worth it and we are confident that pocketscan will be delivered to you by christmas.
@creator, now there is more than 3,700 backers select at least 1 pocketscan.  do you expect that will cause any delay in your original timeline?
@marie-andree poisson: bluetooth 4 is backward compatible - so don't worry :)
i don't want to know the minimum, but if it will work with ble 4?
@raj - this is not included in the pocketscan software yet. an optimal way to make this possible would be with our developer kit! @stealthy - you're welcome. just to clarify, we will most likely not support kindle by christmas, but we added it to our wish list of other devices, because the hardware is equipped for pocketscan to support those devices. @dt @joakim - no of course it will not be limited to just the iphone. we just used the iphone as an example, as it is the most portable device of the ones we support @marie-andree it looks like bluetooth 2 will be minimum for pocketscan to work with your devices
will it work with ble? (bluetooth 4 low energy)?
who will grab those last 96 color edition?
@dt no it won't be ios exclusive , if i have anything to say about it :-) i am on ios and android but prefer android it will be solved in a some what different way on android (due to specifics of the different operating systems ) but it will be done. as far as i can tell. the tts integration on all supported oses with voices and user experience is a great undertaking, thats why the stretch goal is set to $500 000. so please @all help us make the stretch goal pretty please
will the voice thing only be for the iphone? =(  i'm an android person...
ah thanks didn't see that statement.
@dt creator has stade befor that "pocketscan works with a minimum of bluetooth 2.0"
i was wondering which bluetooth version are you using i assume 4?  therefore older bluetooth devices will not work?
if you are going to reach to almost 500,000 are you going to do its goal, or it must be exact 500,000 ?
@rené thank you! if we all poll togheter we can do this.
hey dacuda team! thanks a lot for the clarification on the accessibility features the other day. i, too, have been busy trying to raise more awareness for pocketscan in the blindness and visually impaired community. i will probably increase my pledge as well; and i hope we'll reach that $500'000 goal.
@dacuda thank you so much! it'll be nice to be able to use pocketscan with my kindle fire hd/hdx. =d
i will put my money where my mouth is and get both the addons for my two units both the premium case and the sweatshirt. if we pull together we'll make this happen, keep spreading the word! and my challenge still stands if we get to the stretch goal #3 before the 48h mark i will increase my page with another $100 so please make my pay!
x-ray capabilities to pocketscan is cool on update #6
i read the 'this is blue' color recognizing capability of the device, would it be able to read rgb/cmyk values for easy look ups?
@jb glad you found what you were looking for! the fabric case is a little fabric bag that protects from scratches. i can't provide a picture of the actual case right now, but it will be in the same style as this one: http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/41lhxzsqvbl.jpg @stealthy - thank you, we will add those to the list. the latest kindle fire devices seem to fulfill pocketscan's hardware requirements. @sarah in general you can expect pocketscan to work with a later version of a device that was supported before without any necessary updates. if there is differences or challenges we will deal with those as well. android phones like the galaxy s5 etc. are not on our list of devices that we will support by christmas, but they are very likely to be added via a software update later, as @joakim has said.
@sarah
@iphone 6 will be suported as stated in an erlyer reply from the creator. when it comes to those android devices you specified i don't see any reason why they shouldn't be supported. maybe it will require a software update due to (presumed) new version of android. but for shore many more devices will be supported over via a software update (it´s hard to program for something that doesn't exists jet :) as also stated by the creator before
hi dacuda, thanks. that's what i was looking for. perhaps you should put this in an update too as i would've missed this if i didn't ask. the case looks very nice, but i'm still doubting whether to pledge an extra $15 or not as i'd like to see the free case first. do you have any pictures of the free case as well?
when the galaxy s6, iphone6, and galaxy note 4 come out, will pocketscan be able to work with these new devices? i believe the new iphone and note are going to be out in september and i've heard rumors that the s6 will be out by the end of the year.
@dacuda what about the kindle fire hd? or the kindle fire hdx?  those are newer versions with newer hardware specs... i'd like to pitch my vote for those!  thanks!
@jb just today we uploaded some new pictures on our kickstarter page that show the case from several perspectives and with pocketscan inside. hope that's what you're looking for!  we also have provided a dropbox link on our kickstarter page with a range of different scan samples that you should check out. i am sure that's what you're looking for. @joakim - thanks! yes, we also posted the pictures on facebook, you can also find them on our kickstarter page. and on another note: you are simply awesome!!! we appreciate your support so much! @alexandre - yes, we will try to scan some more things tomorrow and upload them right away. the scans yesterday were not in the highest resolution - so we will add more tomorrow. @sophia thank you! @stealthy - thanks for sharing which device you need supported. we take all your feedback and wishes into consideration. however, joakim is right, we will have to take hardware requirements into consideration, too. @luis you can increase your pledge by $15. you can also participate in our raffle for one of five premium protective cases on our facebook page: facebook.com/dacuda
thanks!...
@luis just ad $15 to youre plage amount  picturce can be found here https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/t1.0-9/10527864_10152219323002043_7548015642266225107_n.png https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/t1.0-9/10501889_10152215202527043_1246928979058958836_n.png
how can i purchase a premium protective case?...
hi creator could you please post more (detailed) pictures of the premium case (eg with a pocketscan inside) plus detailed pictures of the free case (which you didnt do yet afaik)??  also an uncompressed image of a scan would be nice to see. after all thats the main thing that made us all support this project. thanks!
sorry i meant to type "@dacuda"
@dracuda are we going to be able to see a scan of the highest resolution before the end of the campaign?
@all i have a litle chalange for you all if we make stretch goal 3 before the 48h mark i will add another $100 to my page. please make my pay :-) together we can do this you all, spread the word!
@stealthy the original kindle fire is just to old (runs a  customized android 2.3.3 gingerbread)  well co btw :-)
any chance you can add the kindle fire to the android list please? =)
just raised my pledge for the premium case. stretch goal #3, here we come... :-)
@sarah - no, that's perfect, we will recognize it! thanks for your support!
so i made a pledge of $124 and chose the $99 dollar option, so you  guys will automatically recognize that i want the case too right? or do i have to select the 2 rewards??
@dadaly you will receive a fabric case with your pocketscan for free, for sure. you only have to add $15, if you would like to go for a premium case. @low chung - thanks for jumping in there! @arthur - yes, we will make linux possible in 2015 via an update. we won't provide it by christmas, but will add it afterwards. hope that's good for you! @joakim we can only agree! thank you for your support! we are actively trying to do our best on our side as well!
@all let´s pull togheter and make this a great product for all. let´s make stretch goal #3 we need another 804 new backers at $109. so please go out and tell a frend to join or incresse youre plage... if you by a prium case and/or a sweet shirt you will put us that mutch closer to an even greater product. thank ypu for helping the people that realy needs the tts support my self included! we have 5 more days to go.... we can do this you all
@dadaly duong, every pocketscan already include a fabric case.  but if backer want premium protective case is made of water repellent high-end neoprene, they need to pay extra $15.
understood. but the case though, i feel like the creator should give all the backers that without having to add extra 15$.
@dadaly right,you just incresse youre plage by$99 + $10 shipping =$109 for etch extra unit you want
2 pocketscans  $99 x 2 + shipping fee $10 x 2 + 2 premium protective case $15 x 2 + shipping fee $10 x 2 = $268 haha thank you :)
the pocketscan case should be included with the stretch goal. it shouldn't be needed to add extra 15$. :(. one more thing, if we want more than one unit, we can just increase our pledge amount right? how much extra for each?
"we're looking at potentially providing a linux version with minimal ui. however, demand for that has been pretty low so far." good to hear that you consider a linux version. it would be great to have some api to play with on linux.
i cant wait for this to be released! im going to use this for so many things!
@rene @joakim thanks for jumping in there. since this is a more complex question, we hope to clarify: we will make pocketscan in any case as accessible as possible with voiceover. however, please keep in mind that the current user experience of pocketscan consists primarily of a real-time display of the scanned image with a general purpose output of the recognized text through the share functions. this means that with pocketscan today, you would need several buttons & time-intensive steps to finally get the software to read the scanned content to you. for stretch goal #3, we therefore want to completely redesign and simplify the whole user experience for visually impaired people. we want to add a dedicated text-to-speech mode that makes it easy to control pocketscan without looking at the screen. this means that by simply pressing the button and swiping pocketscan over a surface text will be directly read out loud. other major improvements include the 1) tight text-to-speech integration in a single step, 2) the ability to identify and read out colors by simply clicking a button on pocketscan, 3) audio feedback for start/stop of scan as well as other important events to make it really simple to use.
@alexandre - yes we will be able to support further android devices available via software updates later. this does not affect the pocketscan hardware as it is. @khoi - thanks for your feedback and ideas @jennifer - we started scanning another round of samples this morning and will update the files soon @alexandre @jeremy - thanks! yes, iphone 5 will definitely be supported @deanna - please also double the shipping, that would be great! @yudi - thanks! we noted that! @marie-andree we will let you guys know by friday 9am eastern time about the winners. so the raffle ends then as well! @dennis yes, pocketscan will hopefully soon also be available in the retail market. however, you will get pocketscan earlier than that.
@rené as you can´t see the new picture on the first page right after the video i will try to describe it to you. there is a lady scanning a blue garment and there is a balloon with text in it saying "this is blue" the text in the picture says "pocketscan & voice over" there is also another balloon saying "stretch goal #3" it will happen if and when we rich stretch goal #3, for delivery in december. the best thing we can do to make pocketscan work for you and the visually impaired community is to make sure we ritch stretch goal #3! i am doing everthing i can to make it so! i also use tts almost everyday and my dyslexic students as well. we realy need tts support this statement from is just to try to put youre mind at ease while you wait for a statment from dacuda who are the creators of this project.
i just added the case to my order also!
dear creator, i was very excited to read about pocketscan. i am totally blind and couldn't wait for your product to becoming my premier mobile scanning and reading solution. however, i'm still somewhat unsure if totally blind people will be able to profit from your product. another backer has already asked my question, but as far as i can tell, you haven't replied yet. so could you tell me: are you going to make the ios app you provide with pocketscan accessible so it can be used with the voiceover screen reader which is already built into iphones? will this (please) happen whether or not we'll reach stretch goal #3? or don't you think pocketscan won't be operable by totally blind individuums anyway? the reason i'm asking is that only after writing to a blindness related mailing list, urging folks to send their money your way, a member got back to me, claiming that someone from dacuda told him earlier that pocketscan would almost certainly not be accessible. this has me confused. i'd really appreciate a statement, so i on my side could, if needed, send out some clarifications to the blind folks i previously wrote to. best regards, and good luck with your product!
@tim good luck getting the dog to agree to that :-)
"when i get pocketscan, the first thing i scan will be my dog's eyes, nose and paws for another viral youtube hit!"
@danielle for two pocketscans (for example), pledge 2*$99 + 2*$10 = $218 from faq @dennis pocketscan will be sold after the kickstarter thanks to this kickstarter! but at a higher retaly price then the the prices avalable through this campaign.
@creator: what do you mean with kickstarter exclusive? you'll sell this product after ks project completed right?
how do we order more than one?
when will the give away end?
as i don't have facebook account (i have erased it...i) i have posted the following from my daughter account, hope that it is ok by you.... "when i get pocketscan, the first thing i scan will be my pen drawings artwork...."
@joakim compatible is one thing. when you install a game on your pc there the minimum requirement and the recommended specks. just want to know where it's stand don't know if i'm going to buy iphone 6
@ deanna for two pocketscans (for example), pledge 2*$99 + 2*$10 = $218 from faq
if i wanted to purchase two pocket scans do i pledge double the $99 amount plus the $10 for shipping, or do i also double the $10?
@alexandre yes pocketscan will support for iphone 5, iphone 5s or higher
@jeremy stucki ios 8 won't matter if the hardware of the phone is not up to the task that's why i'm asking to be sure the specks of the iphone 5 is powerfull enough for it without any lag or creating possible error thanks for a part of the answer :)
i also just added $15 for the case!  @joy yeah, it's $10 shipping for everyone, whether you're a us backer or an international backer, it doesn't matter. so i'm at the $99 pledge level with $10 for shipping and $15 for a premium case = $124 total.
i just noticed this but what does the add 10$ for shipping mean? in addition to the 99$ backer and then if we want the case 15$ too? i'm confused....
hi, i added $15 to my pledge for the premium case. so please note. thank you.
@alexandre "with the new stretch goal we will add support for iphones (iphone 5, iphone 5s or higher) running ios 8"
thanks for the latest update. you talked about ipad 2 being too slow to do a good scan without error, what about i phone 5?
amazing to scan 3d project in your demo video @ 1:50 !
after 300-500 charges, a lipo battery has around 80% of its original capacity and is said to be eol by that and/or after 7-10 years. that means that you'll have around 870 mah after around 300 charges and you are max. able to scan around 300 pages instead of the original 400 with one charge. but this is just theory.
@creator - any chance we can see some additional scan examples (specifically of high quality photographs and large scale artwork, for example) before the end of the funding period?  thanks much for your responsiveness and congrats again on an exciting project!
@dacuda, joakim: thanks for your info. i know it's quite hard to meet all the demand and also stick with the deadline of finished delivery before christmas this year. i just want to notice you guys about that feature so you guys can make it in the next version in the future. as i know, ios (iphone, ipad) is quite popular and it's easier to develop for all apple device as those devices follow the basic design/hardware. supporting for android os will be an issue because of it diversity but if you can make it happen, it will be a huge success as you can increase the number of potential customer in the future. about the internal storage without instant preview what we scanned, i think the idea is not bad as the attachable lens qx from sony is a good example for that.  in general, i really love the idea and appreciate you guys for make it real. so maybe i can get it by december as a gift for my mom and grab the next version if you guys can support the android os then (all of my devices are android now).
@alexandre the list of supported android list of will be uppdated over time, the present list is for xmas relese.
thanks for the answers. about the android device will you be able to update the list or it's going to be hardware to the scanner?
@creator thank you! looking forword to the next update :-)
@joakim - thanks! we will update this page tomorrow to present the premium case and the poloshirt as well. also check out our ks page: we followed your advice and made the stretch goal a little more prominent than before! hope you like it! @alexandre - pictures of the case are to come tomorrow. as for the battery life: pocketscan has a warranty for two years, that also applies to the battery of course. basically, we have no set limit for the battery life cycles, but let me check and get back to you on that! as for your previous questions: 1- check again on our kickstarter page for some scan samples. we have a link to a dropbox folder with a variety of scans on there that you can check out. 2- the 400 scans applies to one charge @gibson thanks! glad you like it! @jens the battery is not exchangeable and yes, the battery is a 1090mah li-polymer battery @khoi pam joakim has already pointed out the main points, but i am happy to answer again as well: as for the support of android devices, we can only promise so much, if we want to meet the christmas deadline. thus, we are now focusing on the most popular ones. we do want to support further devices later on, so please let us know which devices you'd like supported, so that we can take it into consideration! also as for internal storage, this really is a different technology, as pocketscan needs the instant feedback on a device so you know what you've scanned. just scanning to internal storage without any showing of the scans would mean completely different technical challenges and criteria, that we're not able to meet with this version of pocketscan. but since that is a popular demand from you guys, we are definitely looking at it for a future version of pocketscan.
@all picture of the dacuda polo shirt can be find here https://www.facebook.com/dacuda/photos/np.3048636.100007711770324/10152212945367043/… i am sure there are pictures of pocetscan etc coming soon
how many charges life cycles the battery will have? and will you be able to provide some info or picture of the premium protective case? just to make sure we know the difference between the included and the ad-on thanks
the capability to scan while charging is great news.
@creator: do you use a ccd sensor and a lipo battery? is the battery exchangeable?
hi very cool project. i had a few questions 1- if it could be possible to see a close up of a photo's scan the one that you show is either too compressed for is to see or not detail enough.  2-when your talking about battery life (400 scan) is it it's lifespan or just one charge? thanks
@khoi 1 they had to pick a few android models to make the xmas deadline. more android devices will be supported in the future through software update. and as more and more android devices get better internals more devices will be supported. 2 as i and the creator pointed out before the reason for that there being no storage in or at acebal to the pocketscan (at this time) is that the creator wants us to utilize the direct feedback toy get when you scan directly into the software on you connected device. this feedback is not possible without a display (eg you won't be sure of what you have scanned. the idea so far is that what you scan are saved to youre dive or to the cloud troue the software. to be able to do this without a device wode take a redesign of the pocketscan to make it autonomous with much more potent internals like cpu gpu ram more software storage memory and a display. this would at the time being made the unit unreasonably expensive.
1. do you guys have any specific plan for supporting more android phones in the future ? there are a lot of android phones out there, if you guys develop for some specific android phones, it's quite limited for some users. for example, i have had sony xperia z1, xperia z, casio ca-201l, lg g flex 2. i know it hard to meet all the demands, how about give the pocketscan some internal memory (64mb, 128mb etc) ? so if we don't have the supported phone when we need to scan something, we can bring it back home and transfer to pc or it may easier to transfer to the phone after finish scanning
early bird spot opening up, like the project but moving my funding to a different technology ks, happy trails everyone!! :) roo
@joakim - thank you for jumping in! if we all continue to spread the word, we hope to make it to 500k! let's pull strong through those ten next days!! also thanks for the idea about the project photo - we'll get on that asap! @jeff @jonathan @jeremy @jb we will stick to the white version as the basic color and special color voting privilige will only be for those who pledge for the limited color edition. @khoi minh pham  unfortunately android is very diverse and is not simply possible to just support android as there are varying hardware restrictions etc. sorry! that's why we can only focus on the devices listed on our page. however, support for further devices may be added via software updates later on. @deanna - still working on those photos of the case! sorry for the delay! @eric for now we will stick to the devices listed on our page. we may add further devices via software updates later, but these are the ones we are promising for now.
@jeff of course they wont give the color options away without extra cost just as you seed. the "extra" money will be used to finance the stretch goal development @all if we pull together we can make the #3 stretch goal. as i feel that i speak for all the disabled users that would really benefit from integrated tts. i would very much appreciate all / any effort to help us reach the stretch goal. all we need is 1182 new backers @ $109. so if everyone just tell a friend to back we would be home free. please make the world a better place for the reading speed and help us get integrated tts, tell everyone you know i thank you in advance. i for one will do whatever i can to make shore we make stretchgoal #3, but i can´t do it alone. please help
ya if they allow all to have any color because it's overfunded, then i'm downgrading pledge because i paid more for that. would make no sense to unlock that for all as you'll lose all those that are paying more. what would be nice is better storage options, but you know that's not happening so i doubt we'll even get there. be surprised if this even makes 500 k to be honest.
@creator i think you should update the homepage of this kickstarter to make clear from the start top of the page that we are not done yet. ouer new goal is $500 000. what i also think you should is to update the first frame (the one that is displayed when the video is not played ) of the video to convey the message that the new goal is $500 000. my basis for this way of reasoning is that we have exited the initial goal with so mutch and the fact that we still have some wat to go needs to be conveyed clearly if you eg link to the campaign on facebook etc, and people don't want to scroll all the way down to get to the newest info.
if the shipping is a flat rate globally why isn't it just included in the pledge amount already?
great idea, but can you guys make it compatible with android os, not specific android device ? for example, it works on all phone or tablet run android 4.3, 4.4 or later
great project, however having to store the pictures on a 16gb iphone with apps already loaded it's gonna be a struggle ! asking half a million dollars goal to get the tts is really pushing it. too bad for those with a disability who would benefit the most from it.
@jb that would be not so fair. it costs 169$ and the white 99$. but if we can choose, between white and black, i would be very happy.
im with jonathan. since the project is over funded i hope every backer gets the possibility to choose a color.
where could i find a picture of the case? thank you
congrats on the project. with response so overwhelming, would u consider offering the black version to the basic tier pledges too?
any possibility for a windows phone app?
@yudi change your pledge to the $169 limited color edition!
how do i get the pocketscan patriot edition ? is it optional ?
that's great news! look forward to getting my pocketscan!
@clement and @all: as a quick update: you will be able to scan while charging pocketscan! @brian: pocketscan will be manufactured in asia. we have worked with our production partner before and are confident that we will be able to stick to our schedule. @mateus: no, not yet. but it is high on our list of requests, so we want to introduce it later via a software update.
is it possible to create multiple page pdfs directly through the app? say, if im scanning a book or public record?
@keith yes! the shipping is $10 for every unit globally no mather if you live in eg usa or singapore
for international shipping(i am from singapore), it's also 10?
oooh. didn't see that. thnx.
@ abdullah the best way make the software with built in tts supports to make sure this campaign reaches its goal of $500000. the absolut best way to do that is to tell anybody and everybody you know and meet to pitch in. you can do that by telling the visually impaired community in your country to pitch in. i know how important is is for people with many different disabilities. i my self is a ict professional working with assistive technologies and special ed to make my sure that my students with disability finish school with good grades. i also have some ;-) experience in development of accesitv technologies i have dyslexia my self and uses tts almost every day. so for me failure of getting to $500000 is not an option, i will do whatever i can to make this project a success and try to make sure we get a great product. hpe you got some answers and some ideas what to do. @all pleas do what you can to spread noligh and awareness of this canpain to everybody you knew. we still need 1501 backers @$109 to make this happen. so if you make sure just one of youre frens backs this canpain at that amont we will have made it. i thank you all in edvance :-)
@brian as you can see from the "exclusive factory tour" package the factory is somewhere in asia.
will this be manufactured in china or in the us? in my experience, there are always long delays when getting something manufactured in china.
alright then, i'll just add $99+$10 for my additional pocketscans. i hope that there will be an update on the charge while scanning function soon though.
http://www.iamabacker.com/2014/07/pocketscan.html
@second guess - oh i see. well, within the software you can change a few things like cropping, change contrast etc. once you save the scans you can of course adjust and resize them in the appropriate programs/apps. when you scan an a5 image, you can of course paste it into word and adjust it there or so. however, pocketscan itself does not apply any standard formats. @clement foo - we have to check whether this is possible, but we have definitely noted this concern from you. thanks! @joakim @petr actually, the internal storage / scanning to a usb is not possible due to what joakim describes (thanks!!). our software and pocketscan works with the instant feedback, so that you can see what you scan and what your scan looks like. scanning without this feedback function would actually be quite different than what pocketscan is designed to do right now. @clement - unfortunately joakim is right. we were only able to provide so many early birds, so it would be great, if you would add 99+10=$109 to your current pledge! hope that works for you! @abdallah - okay, we'll consider it for sure! of course, you can always just increase your pledge to help us reach our goal. let's hope we get there! we really want to make this possible, since it would expand pocketscan's applications so far! as for introducing text to speech mode anyway, this will be hardly possible by christmas, but possible in future versions of the device, hopefully! but let's all reach for this stretch goal! that would be amazing!
hello developer, could you consider opening a new level of funding targeting   the individuals who want to contribute more towards adding text to speech compatibility? also if we don't reach the $500,000 goal by the end of the kickstarter campaign will text to speech come to the pocket scan in the future? as someone who is visually impaired i really have looking forward to the text to speech feature.
well, the early bird batch were to invite backers to back their project so perhaps they could extend the offer to early birds to purchase additional pocketscans at the same price. let's just wait for the creator to respond (:
@clement i believe that the early bird batch (and price) were limited, so i think we will have to add ($99+$10) $109 if we want any more units.  $109 is still a very good price :-)
just wondering that if i am an early-bird and wanted multiple pocketscans, do i pledge $79+shipping for the additional pocketscans for being the first few backers or do i add $99+shipping for the additional ones?
@petr the reason for that there being no storage in or at acebal to the pocketscan (at this time) is that the creator wants us to utilize the direct feedback toy get when you scan directly into the software on you connected device. this feedback is not possible without a display (eg you won't be sure of what you have scanned. the idea so far is that what you scan are saved to youre dive or to the cloud troue the software. youre ide to utilise the micro usb port for external storage might be possible, if the software on your dive is written so that it saves the scanned and processed material back to the pocket scanner. as i see it thoe the idea of sending the scanned material back to the scanner is to energy consuming among other tings. the way i see is that it might be better to save the material to a cloud based storage (or a nas) and the pic it up from there if you want to use it on a different device youre ide might be considered for the next version of pocket scan, how knows.
i understand that pocketscan won't have any internal storage for some reason but what about scanning on usb flash drives which will be connected to pocketscan? pocketscan has got a usb/microusb port so why not?
i read comments that charging while scanning cannot happen simultaneously. given the small capacity of the inbuilt battery, i hope the team can work on allowing the pocketscan to charge and scan simultaneously so that we are able to scan more documents without running out on battery and having to wait while the battery recharges. this shouldn't be to difficult to implement.
let me see if i can make myself clear this time. if i am scanning a document of say size- a5, will i able to enlarge it to size a3 after the scanning is done? also will i be able to shrink my a3 size document to a5? thanks
@low chong hung - originally we thought we could make that possible, but right now it looks like you won't be able to scan while charging pocketscan. sorry! @joe - we are going to make sure that the connection is very easy between pocketscan and your device, so you don't have to set up the connection anew each time. however, for high quality scans it would probably be important to you to see exactly whether your scan is good enough and whether you have scanned everything which is only possible by looking at the instant feedback shown on your ipad/phone/tablet etc. @jonathan our ocr supports over 60 languages. those include the latin languages, but also russian, korean, japanese, chinese etc. - for those more complex languages like chinese and japanese, your device needs 14 mb rom, 22 mb ram and for korean you will need 18 mb rom, 28 mb ram of memory, for the latin languages, the ocr uses less memory. we cannot guarantee that the ocr will work well with any other than the guaranteed languages on your mobile devices. on desktop pcs however, the ocr supports even more languages, so that will probably give you better results - it may even include the language you're looking for. however, we haven't tested any non-supported languages yet. @reinhard - yes, we won't directly translate but ensure easy compatibility with google translate and automatically insert the text there when using the "share" function. @isaac - pocketscan does not work directly as a qr code reader. you may have to connect it to another app to be able to do so. @kevene - we're working on it. thus far, we at least have a demo of the scanning recorded last week. we're working on generating more info and material for you. @second guess 1. i am not sure, if i understand your question correctly. you only have to scan the area you want to scan and our software will crop automatically to the smallest size possible and you can still adjust afterwards. sorry, if i didn't quite grasp your question. feel free to ask again and i'll be happy to give you the answer you're looking for! 2. we have three levels of output dpi - high, medium and low, high being 420 dpi; 3. most likely you will have to start over again, if pocketscan suddenly runs out of battery. however, if you lift pocketscan during scanning and then put it back on your document, it will recognize already scanned areas and continue scanning. 4. originally, we thought we could make that possible, but right now it looks like you will not be able to scan while charging. @javier thanks for your support!
just backed you guys.  looking forward to having the product in hands.  please check out our blerline 'tracing sticky notes'.  we think your pocketscan will be a great tool to scan finished work on our paper.  check us out now on kickstarter, too.
idk if these has been answered before or not.  1. can the scan size be enlarged or reduced? what i mean is if we input the scan area, will be able to specify the output size- either smaller or larger? if yes, is there restriction in how much how we can shrink or enlarge? if no, can this be implemented? 2. is the output dpi fixed or has a range?  3. what happens when we run out of battery while in the middle of scanning? do we have to start over after charging or it can pick up from where we left off ( or run out of battery)? 4. can the battery be connected to a charging source while we use pocketscan for scanning? thanks
how about some videos of a live demo?
it will be possible to scan qr code with pocketscan ?
@jonathan: as far as i understood, dacuda won't provide a translation softwareat all, only text recognition. so if you scan text in latin letters, the text will be recognized as such, but you will still need to find a software yourself, that is capable of translating this rare african language.
@dacuda what languages does the ocr support? how about other writing systems (arabic, asian languages, cyrillic, hebrew etc.)? and would it be possible to scan&recognise other languages (with the obvious limitation of possibly more errors)? i want to scan some documents in a rare african language (written in latin characters), and it would be immensely helpful to have it recognised even if some errors remain that need to be fixed manually.
hi can i scan and pic auto stored to my connected device without actually access my phone or tablet. function like this would be very handy. some sort of mechanism i can use pocketscan in library scan what i am interested. like of stored there is a sign led in green and red for fail so that i might need to reconnect my device with the pocketscan. like if i am scanning a book or magazine in bookstore. i don't want to access my phone everytime and for every picture. thanks
@lh yes i
is the 10 dollars shipping for everybody? domestic and  international shipping?
@creator. ok great! thank you!
power bank is so common nowadays, so is it possible to use pocketscan while charging?
@ralph you just as the creator just stated "if anyone would like to order several pocketscans, you can simply pledge the amount for multiples plus additional shipping" you do this by pressing the blue button "manage youre plege" you leave youre reward leval as is and then ad the amount for multiples plus additional shipping.
how can i pledge for more then 1 device?
@abdallah - i think the next stretch goal is exactly what you're looking for! @emma - no, pocketscan does not recognize barcodes directly, you would need to use the scan with a seperate app to make it work. @kenneth (and for everyone) - pocketscan's battery lasts for four hours of continuous scanning. charging from a completely empty to a full battery takes up to three hours. as for connecting to other apps, this works easily via the share with function. pocketscan scans anything, but it doesn't recognize barcodes on its own. you would need to connect to another app to do so. @grim - the ipad 2 processor is simply too slow to support pocketscan and the instant feedback function. sorry! @cameron - no, there is no additional shipping for the neoprene case! thank you!! @jeff - thanks for your idea! if anyone would like to order several pocketscans, you can simply pledge the amount for multiples plus additional shipping. as for  bulk rewards of more than ten; those are prohibited by kickstarter. @jennifer @rebecca @second guess - okay! we will see to it to generate more content for you guys to check out! we put down your wishes!
agree with @ rebecca miller. please make those videos unedited and preferably with various paper sizes- the bigger, the better. thanks
@low chong hung: i stand corrected, thanks for the heads-up. useful link for new project creators.
@creator - would love to see you scan some drawings and illustrative pieces so we can see the quality of these images.
this product looks and sounds amazing. as a designer i often create large scale drawings that i need to get digital copies of so i can work on them in photoshop. this often means taking them to a specialist in order to get them scanned, which of course comes at a price. pocketscan will be an amazing solution for me. i now won't have to limit the size of my drawings in order to scan them myself, and it'll mean no more scanning in pieces and spending time trying to piece my images together in photoshop. what a time and money saver! i do have one little reservation, and that is that i'm hoping the quality of the scan is good enough for illustration (i usually scan at 600 dpi) i'll have to wait and see. even if it's not quite there i still think this is a really useful product that can only get better. thank you :)
@creator - thanks for posting the samples, very helpful!  would still love to see a scan of a good photograph at some point -- as photographic prints tend to have greater detail and dynamic range that you'd find in something like the recipe book -- would like to see to what degree pocketscan is able to capture that.  so many great uses for this technology... curious as to whether scanning in old print photographs can be added to the list!
backed several projects that did multiples but oh well.
@jeff @all as the creator sad 5 days ago "just add the additional amount + shipping and we'll recognize the amount, so it would be: ($99+$10)*2 = 218 for example! "
see https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/introducing-launch-now-and-simplified-rules-0 were any rules removed? yes. many changes were simple housekeeping — clearing out rules that didn’t feel necessary anymore. others open kickstarter up to new kinds of projects, including bath and beauty products and more types of software. and we’re now allowing hardware projects to offer multiple quantities of a reward.
@ng jun siang, that rule already superseded by new rule in latest blog.
see https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/kickstarter-is-not-a-store ("offering multiple quantities of a reward is prohibited.").
@jeff sturgeon: it’s a kickstarter rule: not allowed to offer multiples of the same item on the kickstarter project. i've seen this asked on other projects as well, and creators who have emailed kickstarter have all received the same reply so far. most other projects i see that do this use tools like backerkit (https://backerkit.com/) to help manage post-funding addons. so you can still top-up your pledge level to include the appropriate addons. something that dacuda can consider? :)
+1 android phones. i have the nexus 4 and planning to get the sony z2. i assume both have enough processing power to support your app. and both are on 4.4.2 kitkat
@creator - why no bulk buy combos? buy 2 for 'x' ... buy 3 for 'x' and so forth. you need to add more options.
@creator. for the neoprene premium case, will there be additional shipping costs as well? or just the 15$ and that's it? keep up the great work! =d
@creator thank you for this great stretch goal and recognizing my idé :-) we will get there!
hello again @creator im still wondering if the ipad3 or higher is a  requirement or a recommendation. basically, will i be able to scan a4 notes with my ipad2 if i use the lowest dpi setting? yes or no.
awesome! love the new stretch goal!
mmm. for those who are still wondering why not more android smartphone for the stretch goal, i guess creator has the text to speech feature almost complete.
yay for the new stretch goal!!!
1. how long does the battery lasts? how many scans before it runs out. 2. how long does it take to charge 3. does it scan name cards or work with name cards apps to save name cards. 4. does it scan barcodes
will the software have functionality to use pocketscan as a barcode scanner?
@creator i would like the scanning app on android and ios to be tts enabled. so that you can have the ocr recognize text read out loud directly from within the app for easy of use for those of use with eg dyslexia and visual impairment as an in app purchases if necessary to cover the cost of tts voices there are different ways of achieving this depending on os etc. i can elaborate on this of you send my a pm or mail :-)
windowsphone or microsd slot for the next stretch goal, please:-)
android phones +1
microsd slot +1
hi, is there any plans to make the ios app for the pocket scan accessible with some of the accessibility features built into ios? such as voice over. this would be very helpful since people with visual impairments tend to rely on scanning documents into electronic form more often than others. also support for internal storage such as a sd slot or microsd slot would be really appreciated.
so, what's the next stretch goal?
congrats 250k!
congs
@creator - thanks for the honest feedback on the internal storage. perhaps in the next model. doesn't have to be on this one for me, but maybe on version 2 you add that in.
@peter - we're looking at potentially providing a linux version with minimal ui. however, demand for that has been pretty low so far. @peter @rl @joda2 @jeff we have looked into the option of providing a microsd slot right now, but this would change the hardware distinctly leading to a higher price and to us not being able to make the delivery date by the end of this year. we're committed to providing you with pocketscan on time, so it is not possible to include internal storage in the current version of pocketscan. @thao.nguyen feel free to shoot us a message and let us help you with the backing process or find advice in the kickstarter faqs under backer questions @pankaj @kenny there is several restrictions to android devices, such as: cpu - some devices are weaker and would be too slow to do the necessary computations; ram - the system memory has an influence on how long it is possible to scan, some devices would not be able to allow long enough scanning. other factors include: bluetooth compatibility and the specific android version: older android versions have other system interfaces which would create a lot more effort to achieve compatibility. we really want to make pocketscan work perfectly for you, but we do have to make sure we only promise what we will actually be able to deliver by christmas. android smartphones may be added with a software update later, but we’re looking at what we can deliver to you in time. @joe thanks! if we do reach the next stretch goal, we will come up with new ideas! @patrik @simon pocketscan will charge via a micro-usb-to-usb cable @loic congrats on such a good laptop. yes, that sounds like it is well possible. however, we haven’t tested it yet. @mike where we will ship from depends on our backers, so you guys. we may not only ship from the us, but potentially ship from europe to our european backers and from the us to our us backers, but nothing is set in stone yet, there. @kucchinni with reaching the stretch goal we will add iphone support to the already existing ipad, android tablet, mac and pc support. please check our faq for specific requirements/compatibility info. we hope that will help you. @jeff thank you for your advice and input! you guys have been keeping us on our feet and it’s great to receive advice from you! we already have some ideas that we will share with you soon! as for the section we chose for pocketscan, we simply found product design most appropriate.
wouldn't it be better to work towards a good minimum requirement of android phones instead of just targeting a select few which would reduce the number of people who would buy this?
@creator - you need to do give-aways or contests for twitter hits and facebook posts. i see so many kickstarter companies do that tactic and it adds to the buzz for the product. we all want to fund this as much as possible to get the best device possible.
why is this project not in technology section? dont you think you'll get more hits being in technology section??
microsdxc would make this a game changer for sure and i bet they could sell a ton more. on board ability to add in memory would make this radically better. i am anticipating iphone goal being met in another 2 or 3 hours and wondering whats the next stretch goal. i bet if they added in the storage, they would get a lot more orders and we could help them create the buzz to get us to that stretch goal. at any rate, i am happy with the iphone support but think the more devices they cover the better it is for them in terms of sales. if its smarter or easier to add storage then supporting all these devices ... add the storage next and i think you'll see some massive positive results.
hope @creator will consider add microsd slot in this version for backers who only use android/windows phone :(
@joda2,  i request microsd slot or internal storage from day one. reply from @creator "we actually decided not to include and internal storage, because one of our main goals is to improve your workflow through instand editing. however, thanks for your idea. we will take that into consideration for a future version of pocketscan"
a slot for an microsdxc with a stand alone mode like peter said some posts below would be great!
@kuochinni if i'm correct ipad 2 is not supported and it will be only available for iphone 5 and 5s or higher
@patrik pocketscan will have a usb conector, so if you can charge youre phone or tablet you can charge your pocketscan
i'm sure it will charge over usb and this is 5v
how about charging? i got 230v system here and you got 115v system in the us.
can add some more stretch goals for us? :) or something rewarding hehe
it will be a very good success~
i am a little confused. after the 250k stretch goal, it will support (1)android (2)ipad air with ios8 (3)ipad 2 with ios8 (4) iphone with ios8 is it right?
shipping and taxes … will you ship from the us or from the eu? do we need to expect import taxes?
@creator - thanks for your answer but then it should be about memory size and cpu speed, not form factor :-) should i understand that i should be able to easily scan a0 format if i use a laptop (or desktop) with 32gb of memory ?
@kenny there are many android device with different processor and memory. i bet a nokia x with 512ram will not support this pocket scan.
sorry guys, would you mind running me through how the diversity of android devices makes things problematic? in my experience, most android apps work across a wide variety of phones, or at the very least apps are made to cater to most. i wasn't really expecting a really feature rich app, just something that would store anything i can scan and preview until i can make a transfer over to a laptop or something. sounds like specifically targeting phones might create some problems when new models come out and people upgrade their phones, making the pocketscan's functionality and compatibility quite up in the air and specific, which is a bit disconcerting. really just looking for something that would let me store scanned bits and pieces whilst on the go, without having to carry around a laptop or tablet, or having to worry about having a 'popular' android phone. otherwise, i think peter has the right idea in having a storage slot in the device. it wouldn't be the perfect solution since you wouldn't be able to see what you're scanning, but at least you'd know you could use it in any situation (which isn't possible right now since there seems to be quite a few limits on what you can do with the thing). will see how things turn out, but might have to cancel my pledge as i've not decided on which android phone i'll get yet or whether that will compatible with the pocketscan, sadly!
how did you order this. can someone show the tip? this is so complicated. thank you
just another idea: why don't you equip the device with a microsdxc slot to enable scanning in a stand-alone-mode? the scanner could store data in an uncompressed raw format, computation could be done afterwards on a pc or another device. (storage is not really a problem as u get 64gb for around 40$)
some guys asked for additional features, linux support, etc. you can't do anything, but would it be possible to provide a well-documented open api, which can be used by third-parties to control the device, thus extending its usage (e.g. linux support, additional features, new use cases, app-store, etc) ?
@joakim - thanks! we're definitely looking into that! @kenny - originally, we never saw smartphones as a device that people wanted to scan to, but we absolutely see your and other backers' point, so right now, we are targeting support for iphones. android devices are very diverse, which makes it difficult to support all of those at once, so we are only targeting specific ones that seem most popular to us. @kapil - so far those devices are not targeted, but may easily be added with a software update later! @rl - pocketscan has no internal storage. originally the idea was for pocketscan to be so practical because of the instant editing functions. however, with the stretch goal we are looking at supporting at least iphones and we have to see what else we can achieve with our development team. @yudi - yes! one of the advantages of pocketscan is that it does support unusual formats (very long/wide) and is not limited to the standard a-formats. the limit is defined by the total scanning area and depends on your device's memory. @grim - the main restriction is the slow processor of the ipad 2 which leads to an unsmooth scan when receiving instant feedback. sorry! @loic - very sorry for the misunderstanding. ios is of course being supported already, but there is slight differences between ipads and iphones, so we are targeting iphones next, but ipads - as seen in the video - are of course already being supported. as for the formats: a3 works for sure. as for larger formats it really depends on your device's memory, not pocketscan. if your device has a large memory, you should be able to scan larger formats as well. also, you can scan uncommon formats like especially long or wide documents/pictures etc. @low chong hung - yes absolutely. we are already supporting ipads and popular android tablets as of now. the stretch goal will hopefully add iphone support as well. @abdul: yes, absolutely. @kevene - sorry! just to clarify: ios 8 is already supported on ipads right now. the stretch goal is only the support for iphones!
i thought support for ios and others would be a given; being that's its portable! i thinks it's weird that has become a stretch goal!
@creator.  current galaxy note 10.1 support include 2014 version?
haha, yeah i agree. kinda defeats the point of it being a 'pocket' scanner when you'll actually need a bag to carry around your laptop or tablet to use the thing :)
@creator, i think since pocketscan is small and portable, it should have software to support not only pc and mac but also those tablets and smartphones common in market.  at least, this is increase potential customer base for pocketscan.
@creator - i may have been too quick to pledge here. i backed your project just after having seen your promotional video where we see someone using the device to scan on a huge a0 (plan) printout. i understood that this ment it was possible to scan such formats which are obviously quite difficult to get ... now i see in the comment that a3 "should" be ok ... i also took for granted that ios was supported due to the video again and now i see in the stretch goals that iphone is the 250k target ? even if it is highly probable that you reach it i don't understand this limitation. it should be about memory not about iphone vs ipad ! a bit disappointed...
please use micro usb if at all possible!
@creator - i didn't notice the ipad limitations before i saw giorgios comment, and becuase i had planned to use this scanner with my ipad 2 im intrested to know if this is a locked down limitation preventing me completely from usings this app and scanner on my ipad2 or if it's a hardware recommendation to be guaranteed a smooth experience. im also palnning on scanning with one of the lower dpi setting when im using the ipad which might help when using the limited hardware of the ipad2?
is it possible to take a long straps like 100 cm long and about 10 cm wide ? because your tool has the limitation of a3. i can then take all of those straps and  combine them together using the microsoft ice software, which is the greatest tool for stitching pictures, and because the scanning overlap area are similar and it will cause the ice not to "work" hard... at ipad you can find the autostitch which is of course can do the job nicely but ice is the best...
is it possible save the data (without editing) to internal storage/microsd/phone that we can editing later.
will there be support for galaxy s4 / s5?
hallo thar! this looks great, but just wanted to check if this will work with all android phones now? i'm planning to get a nexus phone soon, but don't own a tablet. i think with the way phones are these days, their features and larger screens basically make them a better thing to carry around at all times, rather than a larger tablet. i never go anywhere without my phone because it's small, and backed pocketscan because it's portable and versatile, so i can take it anywhere with me. but i wouldn't do that with a tablet or my laptop, so if this can't be used with phones it seems like it's really just locking itself out of the opportunity to use it whenever and wherever you want. or if you have a tablet. there are those times when this would come in really handy, like coming out of a seminar where you'd normally just take your notebook and a pen (not a tablet or laptop) and wanted to scan the notes from someone else, which would be no problem if phones are supported. not so much if they're not... might just be me though, as an ultralight minimalist traveller who lives out of a 30 liter bag, haha! but it would be insanely handy to scan bits out of a guidebook you come across randomly whilst out. i've no idea what people with tablets do, but i wouldn't make it a point to carry a laptop or tablet around with me whilst exploring places or wanting to use the translation feature, when i could just bring a phone in me pockets!
did you think about a driver/software for ubuntu, that would be great.
@creator, for android app, is it possible to give user option to choose where to store the scanned documents? since some android tablets/phones have external memory.  in my case, i got 64gb external memory (class 10) which is bigger than system memory.
@giorgio probably due to hardware limitations in the ipad 2 @creator you are welcome :)please try to make shore that you use the micro usb connector for charging. all new phones / tablets (except apples) make use of this connector, even a hole lot of other electronic devices. there is even a eu law to make shore that new electronic rechargeable devices uses micro usb. the reason for this is to reduce the need of many different chargers, and thereby reducing the electronic waste. this also mean that you always have a micro usb charger handy. even itu (un) is promoting the micro usb as a global standard for charging phones etc
@kuochinni thanks, we definitely will see what we can do, but the mapping of the scanned area gets more difficult as the format increases. thus, larger formats are more difficult to get right. but we'll continue to make tests and hopefully improvements! @joakim - yes, you are right, the memory of devices impacts the possibility of scanning larger formats. a3 works, but larger than that can be difficult as the mapping gets more difficult for the device. and thanks again for your input! :) @alaeddine - thus far, we are focusing on the android devices given in our faqs, but we may add more, if demand is high and if development turns out to be easier than anticipated. @peter thanks for your idea! so far, it is not micro usb, but we an look into that. yes, operation while charging should be possible. of course, then it's not quite wireless, but yes, it should work! @mateus - sorry for the late reply. we may have overlooked your question there. the software applies an auto-crop algorithm which tries to crop the scanned content to the minimum size. since any format can be scanned the software does not apply standard formats.
hi, it would be great if the charging cable was microusb and if the device could be used during charging. are u going to do so ?
hi, can you make the pocket scan compatible with the sony xperia z smartphones? thanks.
why doesn't it work with ipad2?
hi just backed
@eva and all: don't forget: you are not being charged, when you make your pledge, but when the campaign ends (this is not indiegogo ;-). and when the campaign ends you will be charged the amount, that you set your pledge to.
@eva no, the new pledge (with the $10 added to your reward) will simply replace your actual one.
made my pledge yesterday evening and did not realize that the shipping would not be included, so i did not change the amount.  on going to "manage your pledge" i am not sure what will happen: will i be charged a second time with the full amount?
@kuo the way i see it: the better your device gets, the bigger potential scanning area you will get, since most of the scanning computation is made by the device your pocket scanner is paired with. this means that you're scanning are will probably grew over time as you get new and better devices. a3 size is a great place to start :-)
thanks about the scanning area, if unlimited, that will be a specific feature, cause pcketscan will do what normal scanner cannot do! do not need a super big scanner any more
@minning - we want to give you frequent updates around twice a month, but of course, it depends: when there's a lot going on with pocketscan, you'll receive updates more frequently! as for the shipping extra cost - sorry - there was no confusion intended. we just found that shipping is usually added extra in other projects! unfortunately, there's no way to adjust it now. @kuo chin mi - a format up to a3 should work comfortably, it depends on your device's memory though. large formats are more difficult to scan, but we're currently testing our pocketscan prototype to see how it does with larger formats. you can also scan unusual formats that are less common. @all - have a nice weekend everyone! we're happy and grateful to receive your support, comments and feedback to make pocketscan more powerful.
@creator - why you don't set the price to $109 at the very start? seems to be a silly number game!
@all and $10 shipping applies to every unit no matter where you live including the us. so those of you that haven't mangade there plage to include shipping please do
@markus - you can change it easily. click on 'manage your pledge' (blue box upper left) and than change pledge amount in the upper most box from $99 to $109, while below that you don't have to change the pledge level. greetings!
this is really a nice, handy and very useful item. as i have an ipad and iphone, i hope the next target will be reached. can hardly be a problem, considering the rate of pledges, which is still very high! greetings, and a nice weekend! tom.
just paid $99.00 through my amazon-account. do i have to add $10 for international shipping? how? i already made my payment...
@jeff - i meant two updates per month, i.e. every two weeks.
how big area can it scan?
@minning - think you meant twice a week not month. this will be over in less than month.
@creator - how often will the updates posted? once a week or twice a month? thanks.
thanks ! :) i will manage my pledge !
@creator you are welcome! i am here for the duration...
@hamad @cole - it's $10 shipping to the us and internationally. @joe - so far pocketscan does not save to powerpoint format, sorry. @abdul, yes we'll support samsung galaxy note 2 and 3 - if we manage to support more we will definitely let you know. @joakim - thanks so much for helping us out here! your help is much appreciated! @minning - we will keep you posted on our progress, of course. we want you guys to see how pocketscan develops, so we'll use regular updates to show you how our product is coming along! you won't miss anything! @joe - the scans will automatically be numbered and therefore appear in the right order in your folders. do you have more ideas for organizing them? let us know! @isaac @joshua joakim is right: just add the additional amount + shipping and we'll recognize the amount, so it would be: ($99+$10)*2 = 218 for example! @all: we scanned a few pictures and documents today, so you can check the quality. we made some different formats - pdf and png and we also took screenshots of the scanning/cropping. i hope you guys enjoy checking them out. just go to: http://bit.ly/scansamples
@issac @joshua the creator (dacuda)  answerd1 day ago:  "@low .... also, if you'd like to order more, just add the amount for an additional unit + additional shipping to your pledge and we'll recognize the amount!" that means my calculations were corect
i think it more (99$x2)+10$
@joshua you just multiply the amount of the unit + pp with the number of units you want (eg ($99+$10)*2 = 218 and enter that as you're plague on eg the $99 level
how do i order two?
i would like to know can i efficiently scanning a book or text book having each page organized itself?
commucation is always the biggest problem in kickstarter projects. could i ask how often you will post updates after this project ends? thanks.
+1 for a android app supporting htc one (m8)
does the software knows how to apply a standard page size like a7 or a5? or will it apply a custom size to pages and documents?
@hamad al-hosani @cole lee @all everyone has to add $10 for shipping, regardless of where you live. it says so in update #1 and #2   "$10 shipping applies to shipping anywhere in the world, including the us! if you haven’t pledged for the shipping, please do so by changing your pledge! we are sorry if that causes you any inconvenience!"
@creator. cool on the protective case and a fabric cleaner. i understand the difficulties to handle android phone as there are large list out there and you can't cater all of it. can you provide a list of supported android phone that you target when you ship the device? it seems that you are able to support the large screen device like galaxy note 2 and 3.
hi. the $10 covers international shipping? i'm not residing in the us.
i teach on line and will be using this to scan slides for on line sessions. will your software save to powerpoint format or will i have to create a word document and import?
do we need to add $10 for shipping in the us?
@abdul about the translating: the translation works with google translate and will automatically inserted via http post or share intents. as for android phones - with the given timeline that will probably be difficult for us to realize in time. @mike in general you should expect very little error. it depends on your movement and the scanned content, but by moving pocketscan across your documents again, you can correct any errors. @edward sorry, didn't quite grasp it - yes. we can hopefully show another video soon and some screenshots of the scanning process. but in general: when you scan a text, for example, the software automatically straightens your scan and gives you a cropped area, but you can adjust the crop as well, if you only want to use some specific lines of a scanned paragraph, for example. @low chong hung yes samsung galaxy note 2 and 3 will be supported now also, if you'd like to order more, just add the amount for an additional unit + additional shipping to your pledge and we'll recognize the amount! @craig, yes automatical straightening and cropping is done by our software. with the share with function you will be able to easily store your scans in other apps. as for your third question, i will have to get back to you asap! @roy, yes, that's what we're trying to do. one pocketscan supporting ios as well as android. we hope that it's possible technically. @xinyi and @ meghan - thanks for your input. we've noted down your ideas/feedback for higher resolution. right now, it looks like 420 dpi will remain the maximum, though. @yudi, for artists we recommend using transparent foil over your art and then scanning on the foil. that should work. @rl pocketscan is charged via a usb cable that comes with the package, of course. @jennifer, we've planned to scan some pictures tomorrow and upload them asap. same goes for the video. @isaac, we will discuss it in the team - we haven't thought of that yet! thanks for your creative idea! for now, pocketscan charges via usb cable. we are working on generating more scan examples and a video and will let you know and upload it asap!
@dacuda what about a dock to be able to protect the lens and charging it at the same time i'm ready to add extra for
@christina there have been no increases, we were at $80.000 approximately when they announced the first stretch goal
i thought the stretch goal was 80k for android? why the sudden increase?
great to hear about the included case! i second @craig given's question about automatic croppin/border detection and would again like to ask about seeing a sample photo scan?  in the video, when scanning the newspaper, it seemed like some gradients (lighter/darker areas) were showing up on the screen... not sure if this is the case and/or is being software-corrected?
@dacuda - first it is really great that you will provide the protective case, kudus to you ! second - as i'm going to scan all of my drawings which are greater then a3, some of them are drawn using pencil or pen, so it is not good idea for me to use, on the drawing itself, the pockerscan, as the movement across  the paper could damage the drawing, could i put a glass on it ? what about the focus ? or transparent sheet ? to avoid this problem....
how to charge pocketscan?
@all good news! we are going to include a protective case and a fabric cleaner to protect and clean the scan window with in all our pocketscan packages for free for all of you! so you will be able to carry pocketscan around with you in your purse and pocket without having to fear scratches! also, we are looking for a second even more protective and high quality version of a bag, that we may add as an additional reward later on.
is it weird that i am ridiculously excited over this technology?? i keep looking around at all of the things i can scan. i'm hoping the inevitable project-creep doesn't push the delivery date too far off. also, i second higher-resolution scanning as a stretch goal. if there are technology limitations, i'd be ok with wireless scanning in standard resolution, then needing to connect a cable or charge the battery more often for high resolution scanning.
will the same pocketscan work for separate ios and android devices?
"pocketscan is definitely already ready for ios 8 for the ipad as it is right now." ah! disregard my question in the update section then!
hi, @creator would you consider improving the resolution for another stretch goal? or release another version that has a high resolution? thanks.
@tony - sorry for the misunderstanding! of course, pocketscan supports ios. but we're going for iphone compatibility now and we will make pocketscan compatible with iphones with ios 8. pocketscan is definitely already ready for ios 8 for the ipad as it is right now. but with our next goal we want to make it compatible with iphones that have ios 8.
what! your scanner doesn't support ios? i may need to cancel my pledge if you cannot have the scanner ready for ios 8 because come september most of iphone users will upgrade to ios 8....
@all! hi guys, we are overwhelmed that we reached our stretch goal so fast with your support. we never expected to get here this soon and we are constantly taking in what you ask for. since iphone support was never on our mind when we first developed pocketscan, but many of you have asked for it, we have decided that we want to make it possible, hence the stretch goal. our development team is doing their very best evaluating all the options we have. due to technical limitations and requirements it is going to take quite some effort to get a perfect user experience on the phone as well.
wow 2nd stretch goal we are playing game now.
probably because first stretch goal already include support for android phone?
@dacuda why the second stretch goal will support only apple phones and not android phones?
congrats on very fast, successful response and good luck going forward. orderd three, hope i did it right. multiplied pledge by 3 then added $10 for shipping. please advise if incorrect. thank you.
second stretch goal should also support android phone .
i know it's strange question, but why isn't this project in the technology section? i ask because i feel that it would be even more successful than it already is if tech people who really could use this came upon it. they might not even look in the design section. i know the scanner is important for graphic design, but it is good technology after all.
@creator. not really necessary for me as i have a tablet. but any plan to support android phone?
what about a dock to be abble to protect the lens and charging it at the same time
the goal + 1$ http://i.imgur.com/9zdazun.png…
$150k ! first stretch goal reached !! what's next, 200k and iphone support / a case ?
by the way, kickstarter now allow hardware project to offer reward with multiple units.  why not offer reward with more than 1 unit pocketscan?  i believe some backers may need more than 1 unit pocketscan.
congratulation! first stretch goal reached!!!
hello dacuda, i am backing with the features as shown/listed. but a couple of additional questions.... 1) will the software (or can the feature be added) be able to auto-crop photos/documents when scanned. the demo seems to show the scan result as extending beyond the border, but an ability to turn on detection of borders and crop appropriately would be fantastic. 2) can it scan directly to photo storage app (iphoto, lightroom, etc). 3) does the file add exif data, including geotagging. thanks and looking forward to the pocketscan.
what about a case or a pocket for keeping it up as the next goal,  as we don't want to carry it in our bag without any cover, the glass of the pocketscan should not be expose to my keys and to other sharp items....
for $150k stretch goal, is that android version also can be use in samsung galaxy note 2 and 3?
since we are reaching the android stretch goal, maybe dacuda can consider doing a stretch for iphones, seeing there's a substantial iphone compatibility requests.
hi dacuda thanks for your reply - but you havent really answered my question. as we all know scanning is a precise process for example a page from a book has to be aligned alogn the scanner's edges to avoid the unpleasant work of straightening and cropping. how does this scanner overcome this issue? does the software does automatic edge detection and does the straightening for us. thanks.
just backed. will be interesting to see what this little baby can do.
thanks for the video (ich verstehe deutsch)
hi! when i scan a e.g. technical drawing ... what is the error i should expect in terms of lengths? will it stitch correctly over a full a4/3 is the error constant over the full area?
@creator. cool video and thanks.  how does the translate on the app works?  using google translate?  if so, how are text automatically entered into google translate?
@sara - fyi: and this is the whole picture .... http://www.ymarton.com/bigpic.asp…
@yudi :). btw, thanks for the example scan, quite impressive!
dear sara, got it...
@yudi i think there might be a misunderstanding... i merely pointed out to kenneth that it doesn't make sense - from how i understand it - to include internal memory with the device because you need some additional device that displays what you are scanning. that can be any of the supported devices. hope that makes it clearer :)
@sara, and one more thing, it is good idea to use this portable device with portable tablet or smartphone....
@sara, i'm using ipad, it is fully portable....
@yudi they are using the laptop to see where they are scanning...
@sara, did you saw the last video of dacuda ? youn are totally not correct !
@kenneth i don't think you can scan using just the pocketscan device... you wouldn't see what/where you are scanning from how i understand the technology.
fyi: the following picture is a part of my oil picture which i have scanned using my hp scanner - the resolution is 420 dpi like the pocketscan and i did not make any modifications of the picture, as you can see the quality is real good, and for me as an artist this gadget is perfect for my needs for backing up all my drawing arts on my disk and on at the web.... http://ymarton.com/userfiles/image/test-420dpi.jpg
@marie glad to hear! i've been doing good too! just been enjoying summer!
hi guys, here's a video that was filmed yesterday with our first generation prototype. unfortunately, it's not in english, but it shows the scanning process. of course, we still have to optimize a lot, but you can hopefully get a good impression of the scanning. scanning to excel is also visible here. http://www.20min.ch/videotv/… of course, keep in mind that this is only the prototype! thanks for all your feedback - we are currently discussing what we can do to support phones as well, specifically iphones. @abdul this video will show you an example of scanning tables and give you an impression of how much our current working prototype can already do. warranty period is 2 years for pocketscan!  we have already communicated to our production partner that fcc/ce approval is needed and that is taken care of. @drrevan we haven't tried it yet, let me get back to you once we've tried it out.
hi does it work on more than one devise simultaneously?  say ipad and mac?
hi jessica! been doing good! and you?
kenneth has a point. im a lawyer and at one point in my life i had to visit public buildings and read huge files from a small counter filled with people. the pocketscan may be great for the office or home but if it wants to be an on the go device it may need an internal memory or at least supports phones
please have an iphone version if not it needs a memory so that we can scan on the go and save it in the device. the whole point is being on the go. so we can scan things on the go. come back and upload to ipad or desktop. either that or make it compatible with the phone so when we scan on the go, it gets saved to the phone memory. or even have both features. question: how long does the decide last? how many scans before we need to re charge
@mohammed yes indeed, forgot about that ! i'll try to do another one today ...
hi marie! long time no see! how have you been?!?
@creator. has pocketscan pass or when it will go for fcc/ce certification? i don't see that in your timeline. how's ready is the prototype? kindly provide an unedited video of scanning to a pc or ipad especially to microsoft words. does scanning to microsoft excel really works? also, what's the warranty period?
even though my ipad act as my scanning and printing station, having an iphone (universal) version would allow me to scan when on the run.
@raphael, your survey is not valid. anyone can vote multiple times.  fyi, i vote yes for the iphone support.
hi backers, i made a survey so dacuda can see the real interest of the backers for iphone support. please choose if yes or not you would like iphone support on the following link : https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ylnbc9jt2xewmfggf3npiz_fnscbztitoq-b-_qxr4o/viewform
android android, what about i phone? i pad compatibility doesn't  mean i phone compatibility...
please go for the iphone :-)
i think you could reach the stretch goal i hope you could support the windows phone
@creator. excellent, thank you for the reply. that's great news! can't wait. @jeff. very nice, i'm planning to pick up the pro 3 once it's released...should be interesting.
i just backed your awesome project! can't wait to get this as my christmas present (this is going to make life so much easier). anyways, as a lot of backers already mentioned, iphone support would be more than just great but i'm sure that will happen :d that's all from me for now.  have a nice day - clemens p.
i believe most of the people carry their smartphone all the time but not everyone carry tablet with them all the time and since pocketscan is small enough to carry around, thus it is better to develop app for smartphone (both android and iphone). we can scan the documents and store those scanned documents at our smartphone for further processing or forward to dropbox (or other similar programs). so, when will use tablet, pc or mac, we can download those scanned documents from dropbox. this is what i plan to do when i get pocketscan.  i hate to carry tablet all the time, too big and too heavy. :p
support iphone please! i am sure like myself there must be almost half the backers with iphone!
@cameron and @jeff, yes, pocketscan works with surface pro. @all we are going for android tablets first, since that's what most of our early backers asked for. but we are definitely taking your comments into account and looking at how we can make pocketscan work with iphone as well!
i dont get it. why the stretch goal to support android devices while the iphone isnt even supported and the ipad is? please add iphone support too!
@cameron - i have the surface pro 2 and assume it will work for that. having the support for the iphone is essential (doesnt have to have same level of options as tablets or mac/pc), but some core functionality.
agreed @jeff. i'll still stick around though, i assume this will work with a surface pro...
@creator hope u will thinking about have micro sd card or sd card support also please. this is pocket scan right that mean should be able to use alone without ipad, and laptop. i believe a lot people will so happy if i can have micro sd or sd card support. cheer. wish to you hit next goal soon.
@creator - you will lose a lot of backers if you elect to not use iphone in some capacity. i am not looking for all same features as my tablet or mac - but some functionality for phone.
hi guys! thanks for your comments. so far we focus primarily on tablets, pcs and macs, where ms office is used today and the screen is large enough for editing. we focused on a great integration for instantly editing text, tables and images.  but thanks a lot for the feedback. we will discuss it in our team. @edward with pocketscan there is no need to scan the whole page, you can just scan what you need. that's what makes pocketscan so efficient.  the scannermouse is wired, that's one main issue. also, it does not work with tablets, so it really is very immobile. @sebastian at the moment, we do not support xp. @davis 4912x3472 would be the resolution @rl we found that these devices are the most popular. so these will be included for sure. we may add more later on, but we can safely say that we can support these devices for sure with the funds raised here.
refer to update#1 mentioned will support "google nexus 7, samsung galaxy tab s8.4, samsung galaxy tab s10.5, and the samsung galaxy note 10.1."  how about another android tab? please do it support 4.2 or over
the same for me i'll wait until the end of the campaign for iphone support if they do not add it, i'll reduce / withdraw my pledge ! but regarding the success and the number of people requesting for it, i'm sure they'll add it. @richard tsui : indeed the survey was probably made with android users only ;)
when scanning a4, what is the resolution of the file? 3000*2000?
@mohammed issa. lol. i think @creator is targeting tablet users at the moment.
please make sure you support iphone ... if not, i may have to back out as i carry my phone with me everywhere and its essential to have that support back to the phone. i carry my tablets yes, but you can guarantee my phones always with me, the same cant be said with my tablets. hopefully we reach the stretch goal for the android support, as your missing a huge audience by not having that support (just like the iphone). the more you support in terms of devices, the more you'll sell. i would rather see you support my devices then worry about a stretch goal for a bag or storage (although both would be nice). its the supporting of my iphone i care most about.
great project!  hands down, iphone support is a must. i'm backing out if you decide not to add it.   and +1 for internal storage.
i'd really like to use this device with my iphone. i think your earlier survey must've had a lot of droid users ;)
do you offer legacy support for windows xp?
like everyone else, i assumed that the compatibility with iphone is a given seeing both ipad and iphone run under the same os. if not, then that is the first thing i would request the creators to look at.
@dacuda. how is the compatibility different between the ipad and iphone? seeing as they run on the same ios.
android support, iphone (must have) as i always have that with me. stretch goals - protective bag and storage ability. if you add in iphone support then storage could be done on phone and that's not needed then.
@creator thanks for your reply. can you do a new survey for your backers please ? reading the comments i believe i am not the only one who would love the iphone support. and it shouldn't be more difficult for you if you can already support the ipad ! thanks in advance for your understanding, rg
a couple qns: 1. does the software have intelligent edge detection and takes the pain out of cropping scanned regions? eg a sheet of paper on a desk 2. how is this an improvement over the slamscan mouse? apart from a better designed body and bluetooth connectivity. appreciate your time replying!
+1 for android :-) my devices are nexus 4, nexus 5 and probably the next nexus tablet.
please support iphone.  i though soup port all ios. i don't have ipad and my laptop not always with me. no iphone soup port more like useless for me.
please add support for the phone. i have my ipad with me most of the time, but i always have my iphone.
why is the iphone not supported while the ipad is? you're already on ios so why not supporting the iphone too?
if its compatible with ipad then it should be easy to integrate it with iphone. correct me if i am wrong!
nexus 7(2012) and iphone please
+1 for android (nexus 7) :-)
you have my support for android development - by stretch goal or otherwise. my devices are: sony xperia z tablet, samsung note 10.1 2014 tablet, samsung galaxy s4 i also second the suggestions to support phones - especially with the small size of the scanner, it is a perfect companion for a phone.
hi there! just wanted to post my +1 for android software. and please, don't make it tablet-only. having the possibility to scan documents on the go without carrying a bulky tablet is sometimes worthless.
hi guys, we don't have to tell you how awesome all of this is for us and we love receiving your feedback! we will update you soon on our next steps! @max the scan window is 20*53mm and by moving pocketscan across a page, you can of course scan whole pages and more! our software recognizes over 60 languages of all kinds from english to italian, spanish, french to chinese, japanese and russian. the translation works easily via a googletranslate plugin/ the share with google translate function. @raphael our software is not yet iphone compatible, because our previous surveys showed that there was little demand for that and that people mainly use their notebooks and tablets to work on.
hi ! nice project, i was so excited that i pledge without looking at the compatibility ! will it work with my iphone as well or is it just working with ipad ??
@pankaj kochar, based on my past experienced from previous projects that i backed, amazon will only charge you the last authorized pledge amount.
@low chong hung its not yet cancelled.
@pankaj kochar, previous authorization will automatically cancelled when you give new authorization to amazon for the same project.
@ low chong hung thanks i did that. but one more question as in my amazon.com account its showing authorization to both $79 & $89 order. can i delete the $79 one?
i would like to scan with htc one. on the other hand, could we pledge for more than 1 unit?
if you are adding anything i would go for some kind of protector, e.g. bag/slider. as to storage-i'd prefer not, would only add size, weight and additional potential for failure. somehow it doesn't make sense to me that one would take the scanner but not your phone/tablet.
pledged for the early bird. this is brilliant! like everyone else i'd love a stretch goal for a protective bag.
this looks wonderful, congrats to the team on so quickly hitting their goal!   wondering whether the included software has anything to help with efficient scanning of photos (ie, automatic straightening/cropping so that you can quickly scan through a bunch of 4x6 photos, for example).  and would it be possible to see/download an actual file of a photograph scanned at highest resolution?
@pankaj kochar, clikc "manage your pledge" and amend the pledged amount from $79 to $89.
just backed the project and included the 10 bucks for shipping.sounds like a must have. i agree with people who have already mentioned that a stretch goal for storage would be nice.
first stretch goal should be android support to attract more android backers.
stretch goal for storage and bag ... huge fan for that one. storage more than bag.
i backed the project for $79 but i want to get it shipped to india and i provided the my indian address but its not showing 89. kindly reply thanks
awesome scanner! i'd love to have compatibility with android. samsung note or s5
watched video on scanner and couldn't pledge fast enough. this is exactly what i need! oh my, i shopped aimlessly around fry's and best buy just yesterday and looked at their scanners and digital pens ... and this solved all my needs! love the evernote integration and cross platform.  own a mac book, surface pro 2 and ipad, so this looks very promising.
@creator. kindly include galaxy note 10.1 2014 and htc one m8 for android compatibility.
looks awesome. backed the early bird edition. since @creators already hit the pledge amount, maybe you can plan some stretch goals like the examples below? 1. android compatibility 2. microsd storage 3. scan cover/bag
awesome project! two questions: 1. what are the dimensions of the scan frame, eg can you scan the entire page of a book? 2. what languages will it automatically translate?
@rl we actually decided not to include and internal storage, because one of our main goals is to improve your workflow through instand editing. however, thanks for your idea. we will take that into consideration for a future version of pocketscan @hannes thanks for your input! as you're not the only one to notice this, we are already trying to think of good ways to wrap and protect pocketscan.
i would really appreciate a bag for a device like pocketscan!
@creator, is it possible make a internal storage / microsd slot that can save the data without any device when we forgot to bring device.
hi guys, sorry for only getting back to you now - we are just getting started with our launch party! @sara, we will start looking into bagging options asap, but of course we made sure to have a scratch proof glass on the bottom to protect pocketscan. @abdul, the battery is a lithium ion battery and is easily rechargeable via a usb cable that is included in every package. pocketscan allows you to move over things you want to scan freely, whereas irisscan book limits you in the formats you can scan and the way you move across documents. also, as far as we know, you do not scan directly to your devices with iris scan book. pocketscan lets you have a smooth workflow and allows instant editing. of course, during our test runs and scans pocketscan has never shown to get hot, even after using it several times. @yudi, right now, we only have a couple of prototypes, so it is hard to already show you such results. we have to check whether our current prototype can already show you an example. @rl! good idea, thanks! we will definitely look into it!
@creator. just added my 10$ for shipping in cali. stoked for this thing! finally, receipt organization =d. question though, as it works with an ipad...will it also work with an iphone?
protect scan window is must, you can make a slide cover
is it possible to put a big scanned picture by pocketscan at google drive  as a shareable file for us the backers so we can load it and see the quality of the scanning ? of course 420 dpi will be nice...
i would like to scan with my galaxy nexus, nexus 7 (2013) and the new oneplus one. all devices running android 4.3 and above. a small bag to protect it is a very good idea.
@sara, you can manage your pledge on the right hand side
shipping anywhere is $10? that's weird.  @ creator. what is the battery type?  how different is pocketscan as compared to iriscan-book which retail at a lesser price than pocketscan retail price and seems to have more features.  will pocketscan get hot easily after several scan?
a bag would really be super practical especially for such a mobile device! and wow, that is a bit confusing with the shipping. i did not add that, so what happens now?
info: 300 dpi 200x50 cm is about 50 mega of memory using .jpg which was saved as maximum quality.... and .pdf is about 200 mega... and most of the professional printing shops prefer .pdf...   your product is great because until now i have to use my camera from distance to take photo of my big pictures, and then i have to process it using photoshop, and believe me - the quality was not a big deal,  with the pocketscan it will be more accurate i assume .... especially pen or pencil drawings...
@dacuda i'm using a moto x.
comparing to directly taking pictures of small texts on books with iphone, will your device provide similar clarity as for reading?
@davis - shipping anywhere is $89, please include $10 in your pledge. @yudi - there is no bag yet, but that's a great idea! we will go ahead and think of something!  as for the size, a3 should work, if your memory is big enough, bigger than a3 is not a problem, as long as your memory is big enough. you can scan very long pictures as well, but the total max. area has only been tested up to a3. the maximizing factors are the total scanning area and your memory.  we have three levels of dpi quality, high being 420 dpi and medium and low going down to as little as 100 dpi. and of course, if you save your scan as a .jpg it will not be such a big file size. for all the android users among you - let us know which devices you want to use pocketscan with!
+1 for android.
does it have a pocket or little bag for keeping it safety ? as i will carry it a lot with me... and is there are any limitation of the area size of the scanning, as i have big drawings and acrylic pictures and enough memory.... like more then one meter size ?  and last thing, could i reduce the dpi so i could reduce the file size ?
ship internationally is 10 usd, right?
android please.
good product. backed first until confirmation of android compatible
it would be great if it can work with android!
@anneiv, the size depends on your devices. a3 should work as well, if you have enough memory on your device. also, you can scan unconventional shapes of approximately such size as well.
great project, like it. an android app would be a great thing. what's the maximum size to scan?
backed from switzerland - this product looks great!
@pascal yes, pocketscan works great with evernote thanks to share with evernote.
hi can't wait for pocketscan :-)  can i assume that you integrate something like "save to evernote" in the software or app?
@jens pocketscan works with a minimum of bluetooth 2.0. unfortunately, at this stage we  just very few prototypes. we might do a beta version prior to the launch, but it's not decided yet.
does it connect via bluetooth le? android 4.3 would be great. if you have a beta version, i can test it and tell you if it works.
@dacuda: support for samsung galaxy note 10.1 would be nice :)
i've been looking for something like this for a long time. this is ideal for my studies. i can't pledge more than 89$ due to budget restrictions, but i implore you: if you cannot meet your goal within 29 days, please re-create this project with a smaller budget (only 500 devices instead of 1000 for a start) or something. i need this! :)
@sebastian schmitt yes! that's very important to us. we review every potential production partner. martin, our head of product development, personally visited and inspected every manufacturing partner.
do you care about a fair and transparent manufacturing process?
thanks so much :) wish your project best luck will shear this with my friends :)
hey @seyha, via the sharing function pocketscan should probably work well with neatreceipts. we will consider your comment in our development process to make sure that pocketscan serves you well!
just add 10$ for shipping ;) hope pocketscan apps can organize receipts like neatrecipts software easy to do tax return the end of year.
i agree. support for android phones/tablets would definitely be critical for me.
@dacuda: i would also appreciate support for android tablets! and phones from android 4.0 or 4.1 would be great!  google nexus and samsung and sam generic chinese models would also be great :-)
@creator, i don't usually carry tablet around. i hope pocketscan has an app for my smartphones (note 2 and 3) :p
@lars steffen and @low chong hung! we may actually think about that, if there is increasing demand. which tablets would you want to be supported? @seyha, please add $10 for shipping anywhere including the us, that would be great!! @david lin yes, the scanning resolution is adjustable, there is three levels: low, medium and high, high being 420dpi. output formats are formats like .doc, .xls, .pdf, .jpg, .png, .txt. but you can also use copy&paste (clipboard) to recognize text or images in any application!
hey @dacuda, great stuff. just wondering if the scanning resolution is adjustable or not? also what are some of the output formats?
this is looking cool product. i have few questions. on the early bird it said add 10$ for shipping, is that for international or us also? will this pocketscan apps can organize receipts like neatrecipts software? thanks
@dacuda: i would also appreciate support for android tablets!
@low chong hung, at the moment we do not have an android compatible version of pocketscan. we plan to add it in the future. if we get more requests from kickstarters, we may accelerate that process and offer it sooner
@low hopefully the development of android software is going to be a stretch goal. :-) if it's not already compatible ;-)
i am here :-)
is pocketscan compatible with android devices?
