@chris // sorry about that! absolutely - send the details in a kickstarter message and we'll help out right away.
hello, one of my spatulas is not stain resistant and it has become stained from normal use.  is there a warranty on the stain resistance? thanks!
@seric // absolutely not! what's going on? never, ever, ever would we share an email list. @madalena // thank you so much! let's #getitright. @grant // don't worry, we've got you covered ;) promise! @gryphonent // so glad you like them! happy cooking - glad we did you proud. @robert // flip and spoon finally available!!! scraper is the tortoise. will keep you all updated when it hits the finish line. flip: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00olcjzsg spoon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00olck1fm
did you provide your customers email addresses to the keith barclay, the soapseat maker?
surely sam projects are the best of the best of kickstarter because she doesn't rest untill  his  pledgers aretruly  happy and givesl attention to all tinny details... and that's why his projects are winners ! i'm sure her next project will be a massive hit and of course she can count with my support! all the best from portugal
would really be interested in the slotted spoon more than the lids. but i guess the lids are done now. any idea how long the timeline is on the spoon product?
got my spoon and lid the other day. beautiful. very happy with the way this kickstarter was managed. the product is great! keep us posted with whatever you come up with next!
any idea when the flip, scraper and spoon will be for available at amazon.com ?
@william and grant //  we'll fix that for you! new one coming your way. we can't get enough scraper either. i've been using mine to clean the inside and back of the spoon bowl whenever i mix something extra gooey. the concave edge is such a surprise hero!
the scraper is the perfect tool for spreading the chocolate on my caramel slice!!
@william i have the same issue with one of my spoons, very minor
i received my scaper, spoon and flip in the mail a few days ago.  i love the look and feel, but i noticed a small bubble in the middle of the spoon's blade (i.e., it looks like the silicon failed to adhere to the substrate about 1/2" in diameter).  what, if anything, should i do?  so far i love your spatulas.
thank you all so very much! what a great campaign. so happy to hear that just about everyone has received their rewards (and of course, we're here for you if you're having any trouble). happy cooking!
just received the scraper, spoon and flip today. must say it has been such a delightful experience kickstarting this. can't wait to see anything else you create. definitely looking forwarded to a slotted spoon and different size lids.
got my fliper/scraper/spoon/lid and have been using them for a week now.  i'm going to need more flipers since my mom wants mine.. doh!
thanks chris! in fact, they do double as indoor frisbees - i have it on good authority from a friend at sur la table, who pulled us into a banquet hall at a conference and made a 200+ foot toss across the room! @joakim // wonderful! glad they survived the trans-oceanic journey ;) we are *almost* positive that we'll be running a campaign this month to help out with the initial production run of lids and allow us to offer them in 5 sizes and lots of fun colors. we'll absolutely keep you in the loop. @grant // soon! lids are taking us by storm with a launch this fall, but we have been working on slotted spoons, larger spoons, scraper 002, ladle, fork, and... some surprises ;)
so maybe your new kickstarter project will be the slotted spoon ??
@sam. i got my shipment in wow great spoon, fliper and scraper!! the lid is fantastic, when can we backers order more lids in different sizes for you website? what sizes will be available?
@sam. i'll try to be the first lid backer. do the lids double as indoor frisbees? gir is one of the best.
@remian // lovely - thank you. we are indeed working on a slotted spoon :)
forgot, hope your working on a design for a slotted spoon!
got my flip, spoon, and scraper, thank you, these have replaced everything similar i had been using before.  hope to get more lids as the one sent works very well.
@susan // yes, have already started development on square/rectangular lids! we should have them early next year. thank you; so glad you like it. @joe // wonderful. yes sir, they are dishwasher, freezer, microwave, and oven safe. they are heat resistant from -40°f to 475°f (food-safe silicones will start to discolor around 550°f depending on length of exposure, but below 475/500°f you should be safe for long-term use).
received everything today! thank you all so much! spoons, flippers, scraper and the lid. this is the best kickstarter i have backed. all items have been of excellent quality and we use them all the time.  looking forward to seeing how the lid works on a small mixing bowl. one question, is it dishwasher safe? thanks for everything! joe
flip and lid arrived yesterday thanks. looking forward to trying the flip but already love the lid. it "hugs" the top of a bowl so well, really impressed. definitely want to buy lids in different sizes, any chance of rectangular lids for proving dough in a 12 - 13 inch loaf tin ?
@andrew // awesome! the 152mm is the second-to-smallest, so bigger is definitely in the cards. happy cooking :)
i like that idea as much as i like the lids! i need a bigger lid to fit my assorted containers! by the way, flip and spoons look great, look forward to getting around to using both.
@michelle // yay! hope you love every bit. we are actually considering a *quick* kickstarter campaign for the lids this october-november, with december delivery, so that we can let all you backers in on the action before anyone else. what do you think of that idea? sound fun?
just got my stuff in mail yesterday and can't wait to try them. when will the lids be available to buy.
@thunder // we're in process :) if you haven't received a notification yet, you should sometime within the next 10 days or so. we've done about 400 packages so far, so there's lots more work to do but we're on it.
any news on the estimated ship date for the flip?
@grant //  we didn't run them as add-ons during the campaign... just announcing them now :) so don't worry, you didn't miss anything!
i don't remember any update mention of lids??
@robert // sorry it slipped under the radar! everything should be available to order on our website by the end of the month, once the first round of shipments goes out to backers. we'll keep you in the loop!
i must have missed the opportunity to request these items, during the project. will backers have another opportunity to participate in purchasing these 3 items. thanks
check out the latest! madalena i think you're really going to like the little surprise we put in each package :d
any update about the shipping for the addons??
@grant // thankee! @madalena // second scraper and lids coming later this fall... not quite in time for reward delivery, but we'll make sure that all our backers have first dibs when they're released. :d
scrapper looks good!
2 scrapper models  and one lid .-) forus who bought the whole package is there a chance of receive them all???
@lon // almost! the suspense is killing us. you guys, we have huge news today! update imminent. we're dancing. (that's not the news.) check iinstagram and twitter @gir for a sneak peek.
any update on the flip?
@michele // which update are you referring to? send us a message and we'll help out!
um, i'm a sidekick with bacon backer and received no update.
coming soon! worth the wait, promise. thanks y'all!
+1 on update re: the flip.
hi any updates on flip? thanks
@sue // touché! @lance // yup, the sidekick update was just sent to backers at that particular pledge level ("sidekick+bacon") -- you got the add-ons (yay!), but added them to a different base pledge. so not to worry - you didn't miss anything by accident; kickstarter just didn't shoot the email to you since only the sidekick pledge tier was selected when we pressed "go" on that update.
phew.
in update #32 you mention that backers of the sidekick level "should have received an extra little note earlier today".  i did not receive said update via email and just wanted to inquire if i may have been lost in the shuffle. thank you.
@tony // unlocked your backerkit acct - you can log in at gir-2013.backerkit.com. let us know if you need any help adding the flip and getting through the checkout, and thanks! @grant // wish fulfilled. thanks for being so patient! that one was a long time coming.
can you let me know how to get the flip add-on as well?
hoping there's an update due soon, love to know how you are doin!!
great, just gotta say my mum loved her spatulas for mother's day. previously had been using tupperware and said gir are much lighter and more comfortable!!
@grant // sent you a message! we've got you covered -- let us know if you have any problems adding the extra spoon in backerkit. we'll send an updated shipping plan soon -- we are hard at work, and it won't be more than a month or two behind schedule.
what are the add-ons looking like. any chance of getting a spoon added to my flip add-on??
not sure really but it could be version 2 of the current spatula so you could still have a choice of the original. it could apply to the spoon and flip i guess. just a thought anyway. cheers kerry
@kerry // you mean for the new products, or as a modification to the current spatula design?
any chance you will add a notch on the side of the spatulas so it sits on the edge of a pot/pan but not in it?
thanks a lot!
@alexandre // responded :)
sam, just pmd you, can you check on that? thanks a lot.
here we come! crazy month. we just got back from the housewares show in chicago and are finally sitting down to write a much needed update. thanks y'all for being so patient!
any news for us sidekicks?
got my spatulas a while ago, little late to the comment party but wanted to say i love the spatulas. great quality and love the skinny design.
yummmmm!
haha - it's their bacon issue - and your bacon spatula got a nod, of course!
thank you! whoa - looks like we need to visit a newsstand :d
congratulations on being featured in this month's food network magazine!!
just got my pro from amazon to go with my mini and skinny. love it!
yay! had a great day on the grommet. amazon live too - it's all happening :d
just received an e-mail blast from the grommet and gir spatulas were front and center. congrats! i love my spatulas and will definitely be buying more!
should ship within 24-48 hours! we're *almost* ready to go on amazon, too. will keep everyone updated when we go live.
if we buy another through the website, how long will it take to ship?
will do! we'll shoot you a message.
hello guys ! did not receive my spatulas yet :( i'm in france, maybe that's why. could you check ?
the gir spatulas are fantastic. i am very pleased with them. they appear to be quite solid and will hopefully last a long time. the vibrancy of the colours really makes them stand out. i only wish i ordered more!
love these spatulas, and how seamless this kickstarter experience was for me.  a big change from the patch planters debacle.
@grant // beautiful. the mini is a little hero :) @monal // forthcoming! sorry for the radio silence - we've been heads-down working on everything. official update coming this week.
any update on those who are suppose to be early testers of the next products?
love my mini, had to use it get the pasta sauce out of jar. normally would add water to get last bit out. but now so easy to last bit of full flavour. and now use ultimate to make scrabbled eggs. love them!!
my pleasure. thanks for being so patient. hopefully they'll be at your doorstep this week!
sam, thanks for the fast answer.. every day i like gir more, without even try my soon to arrive spatulas..
@alexandre // sure thing! thanks all for the feedback! keep it coming :)
sam, sent you a pm.. could you check it please? thanks
one of the best kickstarter projects i backed: the proces (the campaign, the communication, the backerkit, etc) was excellent and very well organised, and the product is amazing. i use the spatulas a lot and they have replaced most spatulas and stirring devices in my kitchen. even the mini has its use. the colours are very nice and (so far) they have proven to be very durable, even stirring curries that have discoloured many other utensils. this is an example for other kickstarterprojects. i can't wait for the other products this company will create :)
so happy i backed this project.  not only because the reward i got is an amazing product, but also because it looks like this project will successfully transition from a kickstarter to a mainstream product.
officially just used every spatula received for this massive family feast i'm about to have with my family tonight. love'm to bits.
wow, contacted within minutes from my comment. everything is being fixed. customer support is as good as these spatulas which is saying a lot! i'm glad to be a backer of gir.
@tim // no messages came through to us from you (we check and respond daily), but happy to help! you can also email us at hello -- productofgir.com if the ks messaging platform is giving you trouble. studio white is "studio" and not just plain white; an off-white shade that gives us better quality control and prevents discoloration from highly pigmented foods. we think it's cool, but we understand if you prefer something else. if you don't like it, we'll swap it out gladly for a color you'll love. we'll send you a message now, and if you don't see it shoot us a line and we'll get you sorted out right away.
i have messaged gir twice already through kickstarter without a response. we received our spatulas but they are grey when we ordered white. i would like to exchange them for the proper color or at least know that isn't possible so i can start using them.
just came home from the holiday vacation and found the gir package in our mail box. they are awesome! great work guys. they are so much fun to use.
don't know who has the better side of the deal: you with the spatulas or her with the chef in residence!
got 6 spatulas in the mail today and they look beautiful! i cant make my wife understand though why i need that many but then again i seem to do almost all the cooking...
we should probably do a bge-colored special edition! gotta get in touch with those guys... ;)
gir... making right now file wellington on the big green egg and have use the spatula ultimate several times in the process. :) very nice!!
phew -- joakiim, so glad yours came. just in time to cook a new year's feast! we'll have an update for everyone soon regarding prototypes and all that fun stuff. just spinning down from making sure holiday packages got delivered. keep the feedback coming! best xmas present we could have asked for was to have everybody happy (and well-fed, clearly).
hi gir! i got a nice delivery today. the full kit of spatulas and they feels och look great! looking forward to start cooking and use them. as someone else said, the pro is awesome!
thank you sam :)
fantastic to hear! so glad that most everyone's packages arrived in time for xmas, too. @jessel // sent you a message - replacements coming your way!
i got mine a couple of days ago. i been using them and can't find anything wrong with them. they are really great product. every kitchen needs a set.
got my spatulas today here in manila.  i didn't get the bonus green ones though :( will these be shipped seperately?
just got mine yesterday australia. looking great! very happy right now
spatulas arrived today (scotland). still using the original one every day, so really pleased to have some new sizes.
great kitchen tools! and off to the kitchen...
just received mine in nz. look bloody good cheers gir
thanks all! glad to see things hitting mailboxes overseas. merry merry christmas to everyone celebrating (and heck, to everyone else, too!).
got mine yesterday in rome, italy. absolutely gorgeous! all of them. thanks a lot guys.
got mine yesterday and they are very very nice. pro is huge. my favourite. thank you so much and merry christmas from finland the home of santa claus ;)
still waiting here in sweden.....hope to get delivery soon.
got home after my finals to finally be able to see my spatulas, and they are awesome! i definitely look forward to using them while baking this break!
received my set today in portugal!as usual team gir was very helpfull and thanks to that i was able to received timely! the new white color was a nice surprise,it looks amazing!best wishes
:d just received my first ever saturday delivery. spatulas are awesome!! thanks so much, christmas pudding cooking can start!
@alexandre // sorry amigo! here's wishing it a speedy arrival. get those customs guys in line! @peter // thanks! a few european orders have arrived, but germany seems to take extra long for some reason - it's always been that way for us. maybe they are curious that it's a cooking implement. @troy // i'm glad it got across the ocean okay ;) fingers crossed for the final 200 miles.
:) thanks gir! should be here hopefully monday or tuesday! merry christmas all!
hey sam! thanks for the christmas greetings. loved the spatula-snowflake! those are the detials why gir is special. already got some feedback from other european backers? still waiting over here and checking the mail daily at least twice. merry christmas to the whole team :)
sam, i understand, i hoped to be able to use it for the hollidays, maybe early january.. brazilian customs take long..
@blue //  glad we made it! @troy // yours was processed through the au sort facility yesterday. hopefully australia post works fast, but it's in the country and on the way! @jim // excellent news. @alexandre // i'm sorry! sounds like int'l shipment are juuuust starting to arrive. good thing we sent everything early - but of course i wish yours was already there.
nothing in brazil.
these arrived in london yesterday and i used the ultimate this morning - fantastic! thanks for a great product and planning to use them quite a bit!
still nothing here in au, is there any way to track the package? praying for them before xmas!
arrived today, they look fantastic, haven't used them yet though. no customs charges either which is fantastic, a few other projects have messed that up in a big way. great job with this project looking forward to the expanding range.
<3
awesome service! they've already sent out the forgotten bonus items. and the product itself is fantastic!
@dion // resent! sorry about that. you should get a new shipping notification soon, if you haven't already. @ld // woohoo! gracias. @rosy // thanks! hmmm shouldn't stain beyond the surface. try a bit of a scrub with a soft sponge or a run through the dishwasher if you haven't already. it should wash off - send me a message if you continue to have problems and i'll send a replacement! @james // we love you too ;)
got mine a few days ago, and have used them a few times since then. i'm ashamed to admit how enamored i am with these spatulas. i expected them to be good, but they are freaking awesome! most spatulas are either too stiff or too soft, but these are perfect. can't wait to get the spoon and flipper.
got my spatulas and they're awesome... i've only had them a couple of days and they're already my first choice for kitchen cooking tools. be warned if you ordered a light blue - the first time i used it (with marinara) it got stained a bit.. a bit of a bummer because it's so new, but that's just the evils of marinara, lol. i haven't had any problems with the ks green or the teal though.
i love all my spatulas!  great sizes, vibrant colors!  so happy i was a backer.
i didn't seem to get anything but the 4 spatulas i pledged for. no bonus green skinny or mini. international $70 level pledge backer, if that makes a difference.
@daisy and michele // yay! thank you :) @geumtian and grant // packages to au typically take 12-15 business days so we're still a bit ahead of the expected arrival given your dec 3 ship date. fyi, we've seen overseas shipping take as long as 20 business days during the holiday season. customs occasionally holds us up because it's a cooking product, but fingers crossed this time. we're sending good vibes toward your packages! hopefully the postal service is in tune with that sort of thing ;) if you don't have anything by dec 24th, shoot us a message!
any backers in australia received yours
how long until the spatula's come after the tracking email? got the emails almost 2 weeks ago but haven't received mine yet. plenty of time between now and christmas though!
my spatulas arrived!  the colors are fantastic!  i cannot decide which to use first, so i keep rearranging them on the ottoman.
loving all of the them! can't wait to see the flipper and spoon.
@peter // no worries! thanks for being patient - we're excited too :d
no problem guys i had just ass-u-me-d that they were all shipping together happy egg nog.
same as pao. i got mine a few weeks ago, showed them to my mom and she was very impressed. i was going to keep some for myself, but decided i'm going to give them all as christmas presents. (and will have to buy more for myself when you do your next kickstarter!!)
nice! way to share the love :d
received my spatulas yesterday in the mail. the look awesome ! i was planning on keeping a skinny and a mini to myself, but now i think i'll offer them all to my mom for her christmas present =)
@maxine // yay! movin' on up, woohoo. @peter // oh boy we're just finishing up with the holiday round of fulfillment! give us a day or two to knock back some pumpkin pie and egg nog ;) we'll be spending the next few days making sure that packages arrive safely and helping any survey late-comers with their orders. that said, should have an update within a week or two with some pictures of where we're at. we'll really get down to the hard work with all that stuff in january, and i'm guessing that backer prototypes will be delivered in april, followed by the "real thing" in may. as always, if we can beat ourselves to the punch we will!
when were the prototypes going out ???????
love love love love love them!  can't wait to throw away all my mixed varieties of other spatulas and start using these.
@lawrence // done! send me a message if you don't get the email - just forwarded it to the email address you used with kickstarter :)
hi, i'm waiting for my spatulas to arrive in the uk and have lost my tracking info any chance you could send the e-mail again? thank you, sorry.
thank you all! what awesome feedback. means a lot :) @rosely uh oh! i'm sorry about that. they shouldn't smell at all - perhaps the protective poly bag made things a little stinky? in any case, it's not a food safety concern but if you'd like a replacement just shoot me a message and i'll take care of it immediately.
just got mine in black. i love it and love the kickstarter green! great quality spatulas, regret not getting the ultimate as well. only issue is the chemical smell, hopefully a few washes will remove that.
received my spatulas a few days ago and i love them! i originally thought the pro was going to be to big, but i think that will be the one i use the most. colors are very vibrant. easy to clean. i wish i would have pledged for a few more. i also want you to know that this was the best managed and most fun campaign of any i have pledged for. hope you have another campaign soon (would love a spatula sized between the ultimate and pro). thank you!
so excited to get the new spatulas!  during thanksgiving i kept thinking of all the things that would be so much easier having the mini, skinny and pro sizes.  gir is such an awesome company as well, i had a problem with one of my ultimates and samantha immediately shipped out a replacement!
woohoo thank you. so glad you like them :) have fun fun fun!
i have to say i am very impressed with this project. i received my spatulas yesterday and they look fantastic. the colors are so vibrant and i am excited to try them out!  i can't believe how fast they arrived too! i was expecting to get them in standard kickstarter time (estimated date + 2-3 months). very nice work here, awesome creators, great kickstarter!
@alicia // i have to admit i'm a little fixated by the pro now too - it's so perfect! @mac // yes, yes it's pink ;) all the pinks.
i got mine!  when will i learn that magenta = basically pink!?!?  lol
received my package yesterday and super excited to now have all sizes. but this pro? omg, this thing is bad ass! i am so buying more of these in the future. all my other spatulas are going to be neglected and have size envy. hahaha. i will try and take some pictures...the teal looks awesome with my kitchenaid mixer. :)
thanks! can't wait! :)
@robert // awesome! @rosely // it's actually a separate system - so "shipped" in backerkit indicates that we have uploaded info into our fulfillment system. and then as soon as we print a shipping label, you'll get an email with tracking info (from us, not backerkit). for most backers, that will happen on a rolling basis through the end of the coming week, so don't worry if you haven't gotten anything yet. around december 10th, we'll be in touch with any backers whose orders haven't shipped for any reason and will work to get them out the door. thanks for being patient!
on my backerkit account https://gir-2013.backerkit.com it says my order has shipped, but i never received an email with any tracking info. should i still expect an email? if possible, please pm me with tracking info if possible.
just now received my spatula's (colo.).  as these are gifts, very happy to get them in early.  the pro is just the size i was hoping for.  thank you!
of course. as mentioned in the update a couple days ago, you'll each receive a personal message with tracking when your package goes out. it's a holiday in the us today, but we have been ahead of schedule all along and are packing as fast as possible-- check the time frames in the update for details. will send another official update if that changes; we are not anticipating any delay though.
can you keep us updated on the progression of shipping? thanks
working on it! we've been messaging with individual backers every day to get addresses finalized. all still on track since last week's post, will share some pictures in a formal update over the next couple days as we move toward packing up envelopes :)
an update would be appreciated!
thanks, one of my most wanted rewards.
just waiting for everyone to finish backerkit. will send a full update soon - everything is happening on time!
any news ir updates? thanks
thanks heather!
check out update #15 (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/productofgir/gir-spatula-mini-skinny-pro/posts/620901) for a side-by-side of lime and ksg! they are a bit different, but they won't clash if you choose some of each. submit the survey info now please :) it's helpful for us to know what colors everyone wants and (less importantly) what countries are represented, even if you'll be moving before shipment (which is on track for early dec). we're using the info to determine how much to ship express from the factory and to prepare for fulfillment costs, so the more we know now the better. you can update info in backerkit through nov 15th, and if your address changes after that just send us a dm and we'll update it by hand. thanks!
@endls look at update #15. they posted pictures of each color for backers. the kick starter green looks a little darker than the lime.
while trying to decide on colors, i am unsure on one thing... is kickstarter green the same or very different than your lime color? i am getting the skinny and pro in addition to the kickstarter mini and skinny and wanted to chose colors that go well together. also, i am moving in dec and do not have an address yet. i assume that you want me to wait to fill out the survey, right?
@peter // it's a bit easier to resolve specific issues like this via direct message rather than on the comments board, since i don't want to put any backers' personal info on display. can you send me a message via the "contact me" link on this page, with the email address that you'd prefer to have the invite sent to? it went out to the email you have as your kickstarter contact address, but i can easily redirect it elsewhere.
i didn't receive any surveys :( were they sent out via backerkit via e-mail? i couldn't even receive the backerkit invite...i contacted their support and still they didn't resolve the e-mail issue. instead they just sent me the link that i assume was in the invite-mail. that's a bummer, as i scraped together money for early christmas presents just to be able to back as a sidekick and get the new products.
@andrew // oh bummer! hope i can help here. the bonus mini and skinny in kickstarter green are included if you're also getting other spatulas. in other words, if you put that $30 toward a mini+pro package, i'll make sure that you also get an extra mini and a skinny. and you can add a flip/spoon/scraper on top of that by increasing the amount. but if you just wanted to use the $30 toward, say, two spoons, those alone would be your rewards and ship in may. as you can imagine, part of the reason we have to stick to this setup is that the incremental cost of including an extra couple of small, light products in backers' spatula packages in december is modest given the volume we are planning to ship, which is what makes it all possible for us to afford. hope that all makes sense! send me a dm if you want some extra help :)
@malerie // no definite plans for another campaign at the moment, although if we did have one it'd probably be in the summer and feature a few "even more new" products! but you can always wait til they're released in may and order them then - they'll be a bit more expensive at productofgir.com, but they will definitely be available after everyone's rewards are fulfilled.
hey just wondering if the skinny was a reward for every backer level or just those that backed enough to receive at least one spatula? it seems i accidentally modified my backer level to 1 dollar before the kicks tarter ended. i have since added an extra 30 dollars to that amount via the survey that was sent out. thanks
i can't decide if i should order the extra flip and spoon now or wait.....do you think there will be another kick starter for those items in 2014?
@andrew // gracias! we are 90% sure that the prototypes will be in studio white, reserving 10% to change our minds or introduce an exclusive surprise color. we'll keep you in the loop! @troy // thanks so much!
such a simple and well designed survey, thanks for a brilliant project, can't wait! the extras will make great xmas gifts!
another awesome project.  do have one quick question, as sidekick backer getting a prototype spoon, what color will the prototype be?  wanted to see if it would match the other colors i was getting!
@anna // thank you! we think you'll really like them :)
@grant // should ship before december 10th. if you need to change your address before then, though, you can in backerkit or after just send us a dm.
@nick // the bonus mini and skinny are for backers at the main reward levels - there are a few people who messaged asking only for a flip/spoon/scraper, but they're not eligible for the bonus (which we let them know ahead of time). but you can add a pro from the add-ons page in backerkit - they're $22 for backers only!
can i just say your organisation (information and updates during the campaign, announcing the backerkit, launching it, weekly updates, reactions to questions) is exceptionally excellent. assuming you can also deliver the product within a reasonable amount of time (and the product is good ;)), you are an example for how a kickstarter campaign should be ran :)
when will the spatulas be delivered to us residents? i might have to go out of country end of december/early january, so i have to see if i have to change my shipping address.
curious. since i pledged for a mini and a skinny, and everyone is getting a mini and a skinny in kickstarter green for free cause of the stretch goals, can i switch up what i'm getting, say use the 25 i pledged towards getting a flip and a spoon or something? also, how much would i need to add on to get a pro, i decided i want one?
@heather and michael //  awesome, thanks! @jillian // thanks for letting us know! looks like we got it fixed now; sorry for the error. you should be able to log back in and select it now, or just let me know and i'll do it for ya :)
i added on a mini and skinny set to my survey. after it got my credit card info it asked what color i wanted the mini in but not the skinny. if the default is both the same color that's fine because that's what i want, but it might be a problem for other people.
alright cool i believe i got it all done thanks alot!
survey done! i added several more because i kept thinking of people who could use awesome new spatulas! ;)
@michael // sure thing! go for it :)
hey guys congrats! i was wondering since i pledged as a sidekick on here, can i add on a flip through backerkit and still get the pre release as well as the official release one?
woohoo! thanks :) glad to be able to get orange out there too - lots of people messaged us to ask!
i just wanted to thank gir for the addition of orange to the add-on colors. and my freebie ks green spatula's are going to my friend's house... i keep having to bring my spatula over there to cook every saturday - so thank you *very* much.
@brit // those are kickstarter green!
just went through backerkit, it looks like we don't get to choose the colors for the freebie stretch goals for the mini and skinny?
i'll admit i'm a sucker for a good kitchen utensil so once i found out about this project i had to back it. i'm also impatient so i ordered an ultimate spatula online and just got it today. love it! it feels like a real heavy duty spatula that i know while last a long time. maybe i'll be nice and share one or two i ordered from kickstarter when they are shipped out later!
nice! yummm. so glad pro is right around the corner.
used my ultimate spatula tonight to make 9 trays of brownies.  really makes me appreciate having such a wonderful spatula but i sure wish i had the pro handy :d
hi chris! the white is pretty stain resistant, in my experience. shouldn't discolor at all, beyond what's simply left on the surface before a good cleaning, but if it does for some reason, a dishwasher cycle or two will do the trick. however, if you already know that a lot of blueberries are gonna be in the picture, maybe err on the safe side and get teal! again, shouldn't be a problem but i personally tend to use darker colors when working with highly pigmented foods, as much to match the food (just for fun) as to be cautious. i like red with curries and tomato-based dishes, magenta for beets and berries, and green for pesto and gremolata. studio white is a very very light gray, btw, because true white didn't match up to our standards for stain resistance and also tends to be a bit more defect-prone during manufacturing. it's a cool color! but teal ain't bad either ;) either way, send us some berry-tastic pictures once the goods have been delivered and you're cooking up a storm!
hi! i am thinking of getting white spatulas but i am afraid that they will end up discolored as i am often mixing up blueberries... would you advice me going for a darker color? thanks!
you can upgrade! thanks so much :)
ohhh dragnabbit, i had wanted to upgrade to sidekick+bacon with some add-ons, but the late sunday night finish time slipped by me.  hope that i can still do that in the backerkit without losing the add-on benefits (the extra bacons and prototypes).  either way, congratulations!  i have thoroughly enjoyed this campaign and how very responsive you are to suggestions and comments.  many other kickstarter campaigns could learn a thing or two about that.
@pclabtech // thanks for being with us for round 2! @ryan, ron, blue, char // yes to all of the below! will be using backerkit for surveys and pledge adjustments, pro in ksg is an option, and so is upping to sidekick. should have an invite for everyone in a week or so, and will keep you updated! just setting it all up now. thanks all!
congratulations!!!!! will there be a possibility to add a pro in ksg later?  and do you think you'll have another kickstarter for all the add-ons  maybe?
congratulations!
congrats, and please let us upgrade are pledges i the survey. couldn't afford it, but would still like to go sidekick and all add-ons. just a shame it ended 3 days before payday.
congratchumalations! :d @ryan in due time they will send you a survey to complete through kickstarter. additionally, they may use a 3rd party platform like backerkit and/or paypal as well. when and if that time eventually comes, they will have the ability to let you choose what colours/items/add-ons you would like :)
how do i add to my contribution to get the add ons?
congrats!
@y // absolutely!
thanks ag! whooo! and thanks nick, too :) torn over kickstarter green because we made a promise to the first campaign only to make 1000 of them (ever) and i hate to break that promise, as tempting as it is. here's a funny fact: i don't even have one! we gave them all to backers, haha.
i added $20 for a bacon colored ultimate spatula. hope that's okay!
i'm a backer of the original as well as this one. the kickstarter green is so good you shouldn't keep it exclusive... maybe you could offer it only as a full set or something to keep it semi exclusive if you had to.
congratulations! i never knew i could be so excited over a spatula until i backed your original kickstarter. my red ultimate spatula has become a treasured kitchen utensil and i'm looking forward to expanding the collection!
@mira // that's so nice of you to suggest! will do. happy to do whatever makes everyone smile, so giving the option sounds great. but we won't blame you if you change your mind ;)
eta: add a question to your backer survey, that is. :)
shipping in december is not important to me and i know that shipping is costly business. you could add a question about whether we want one (delayed) or two shipments (for backers getting both prototypes and final versions), and hopefully save a buck or two. we backers are in this as much for your support as for getting our rewards you know. :) and congrats on your successful campaign!
thanks anna -- and everybody! we are astounded :d
congratulations :)
@nigel // sure thing! will try to get that photo up tonight. juggling a lot of items today, but we know it's important!
gir, thank you for your answers. i had anticipated your response about prototypes, but thought it worth checking. as far as colour goes i had seen the previous site and realised that the kickstarter green on the homepage and in one of the updates looked noticeably different, i hope that you are able to post a photo. thank you, nigel
@breanne // thanks! we will have a system set up post-campaign so that everyone can confirm their selections and choose colors. all the add-ons will ship together in may, and we are heavily subsidizing shipping (even at canada rates) to make the cost to backers just $10 -- but if you want to hold your spatulas (which we are planning to send in december) until then as well, send us a private message and we will help out!
will there be a survey to identify which extras we have added to our pledge? i decided to go with the pledge of $70 for the mini, skinny, ultimate, and the pro. but i have pledged $151 to get the flip, spoon, and the scraper. also my pledge includes the shipping to canada. is there any way to reduce the shipping cost? to reduce the shipping cost i wouldn't mind waiting a tad longer to send all of the add ons at the same time.
will do our best to post some photos before tonight. for a quick reference (though not a true photo), take a look at the colors displayed on  our previous campaign's project page: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/productofgir/ultimate-spatula they'll give you a good idea of the difference!
we're only planning to make a limited run of prototypes for the sidekicks - one prototype of each type of add-on for which they've pledged. we're expecting these will need some improvement, so we don't want too many imperfect instruments out there in the world! they will of course be fully functional and hopefully awesome, and we're excited to have everyone's feedback.
gir, would it be possible to provide a photo of a gir green spatula and a kickstarter green spatula together, ie photographed in exactly the same lighting. this would help backers, who do not have a kickstarter green ultimate from the earlier project, to decide how good an alternative a gir green ultimate would be to complete a set of new kickstarter green items. i realise time is short, but this would be useful if the photograph were available before the project ends, as it would help me decide if i wish to add an extra mini and skinny in order to get two full matching sets, ie neither a kickstarter green set. certainly a picture before backers have to make their colour choices would seem necessary. regards, nigel
gir, if a sidekick+bacon backer pledges for more than one of a particular add-on, say for two spoons, will they receive an extra prototype eg two prototype spoons and two production spoons? regards, nigel
@eric and grant // thanks! @blue // super exciting :d cool suggestions! we're full up here and going to ride it to the end, but we'll do what we can about all those possibilities.
why cant you edit comments. meant $125k
£125 for some spatulas who would of guessed so many of us are unimpressed with what is in the shop, well apart from you guys, you obviously new. congratulations. need more stretch goals.  maybe a new community vote colour, which you can get for every utensil present and future.  and new product/products even if delivery date on that isn't for 12months.
@eric if you want extras of individual sizes, you can add $22 for pro, $20 for ultimate, $16 for skinny and $14 for mini.
i'm sure i'm missing it, but how much to add on an extra pro spatula?
nigel, i've had the exact same idea. i was goung to get a full set o ks green, and the other in another color. since there won't be ultimates in ks green, i'll have to figure something out...
no worries - got you covered :)
gir, must be senility ;-) i read update #12 and completely forgot it! regards, nigel
@nigel // yep, pro will be available in kickstarter green! see project update #12 :) we may do a survey (not facebook haha) of sidekicks before prototype production to see if there's a preferred color, although since sidekicks will receive a prototype in addition to the final product, there will be a later opportunity for everyone to get kickstarter green for those tools. in that light, we are inclined to choose a color that is fairly neutral and lends itself to testing and feedback, although we'll hold the final decision until it's time for production. (who knows - could be a super limited edition that no one has seen before.) thanks for all the input! very considered, and we really appreciate it.
gir, following on from my previous message, and having ordered an extra pro, the suggestions could potentially allow me and other sidekick+bacon backers to have a kickstarter green set plus a contrasting set (either gir red or black, still to decide) and an ultimate bacon. regards, nigel
gir, congratulations on a fantastic project, looking forwards to receiving the items and your possible future project. will it be possible to get the pro spatula in kickstarter green (as apaid for item not a gift) as this would mean that a backer could get a full set of the new spatulas in kickstarter green? you have currently proposed that the prototype add-ons will be in white, how about kickstarter green as they are only available through kickstarter. subject to the possible availability of a pro spatula in kickstarter green (see previous paragraph), this would mean that those who have pledged for the sidekick+bacon level and included add-ons could receive a full set of the new items in kickstarter green (prototypes for the add-ons). previous backers who received a kickstarter green ultimate spatula could have a full set; depending upon your current consideration of the possibility of providing some spare kickstarter green ultimates, this might also be possible for new backers such as myself. regards, nigel
ok gir  let's make it fun a $125k stretch goal
$110k
awesome!
gir,  i just increased my pledge to $97: $50 mini+skinny+pro $20 flip $15 spoon $12 scraper ------------------- $97 pledge amount
ladle will happen, we promise! 2014 here we come :) @paul // on the campaign page, click manage your pledge and then just set the pledge amount to the sum of your level + the add-ons you want :)
how do you add to your pledge? i want the flip and spoon!
@ sandy i agree a ladle would be great!
a gir ladle ( i hope this is the correct english word ) would be nice. i have a boring plastic black one for the moment.
whooo! gracias guys - that's what this is all about, for us. really appreciate it.
i am so stoked for these new gir tools. i never thought i would nerd out over kitchen utensils but sure enough, your stunning design and presentation get me all excited. i'm in at $142 for everything you're offering right now. i'm such a gir groupie. job very well done.
counting down the hours.........
looking forward to the update! keep up the good work!!
thanks all :) update comin at ya late tonight.
@alexandre // we'll post photos of all the colors!
@pclabtech // thanks! haha yes they're on the higher side - but hopefully they'll last forever. (eh, not unlike ceramic knives!)
@blue // tongs are our white whale, haha. if we can think of a way to truly get it right, we will definitely make it so. also, yes you can trade out colors if you decide to level up!
woohoo!!! backed for the whole set + gir flip. can't wait. i hit refresh and watched the total update. congrats on the accomplishment. can't wait for the products!
yeah 105k.
at this rate we will be past 110k. before we get the 100k. stretch goal.   lol
could you take a picture of a kickstarter green spatula next to a lime one? thanks.
oh and grats on 100k
hmmm a 7 piece set of silicon untencils for $112  (i wonder if something like that would sell in costco...)  and to think i scoffed at the 199 for a set of ceramic cooking knives.
congratulations on 100k, was still hoping for a pair of tongs. all the tongs i've found are well less than desirable. i also like one set, hoping any bacon ones can be replaced for green, well that depends if the bank says i can upgrade pledge in three days.
thanks for checking, but i do like my sets matching. the other option would be to get each size in one color, but the gift ones are in kickstarter green, and it's such a nice color... thanks again..
@alexandre // we're looking at options, but reluctant to go back on our promise to the first campaign's backers, which was that we'd only make 1000 of them - ever. we may have some extras from the first campaign, so we're going to take inventory and discuss the options, and potentially ask backers to weigh in as well :) @lydell and peter // more on stretch goals in a forthcoming update. thanks for the encouraging words! @chris //  final word is yes, you can un-bacon the extras in the sidekick package :) thanks for not chewing - although baby jack and the dog are probably making up the difference haha.
what was the final word on un-baconing the extra ultimates in the sidekick package? (sorry! i just prefer my bacon edible... as awesome as silicone is, chewing on it is good for neither me nor the tool...)
pretty please
new stretch goals please!!!
@gir ok guys we are super ready for this exciting $100k.   stretch goal................
@alex i agree
wait, we get the mini and the skinny in ks green, the pro will be avaliable in ks green, but we can't get an ultimate in ks green to get a full set??? it's still a kickstarter.. why not allow a full kickstarter set?
@julianne // sure, and sorry if it feels a bit complicated! dastardly add-ons ;) here goes -- if you want everything, here's the breakdown (or just feel free to cherry-pick from the info below): if you back at the $70 level: $70 mini+skinny+ultimate+pro  $20 flip  $15 spoon  $12 scraper  -------------------  $117 total ($141 int'l) if you back at the $95 sidekick level: $95 mini+skinny+3xultimate+pro  $20 2xflip (prototype + official)  $15 2xspoon (prototype + official)  $12 2xscraper (prototype + official)  -------------------  $142 total ($166 int'l) + 1 mini and 1 skinny per backer in ks green hope that helps! thank you :) will send an update to the same effect before the campaign ends as well. and post-campaign, we'll have a whole system set up so that everyone can confirm their selections and choose colors.
@william // not doing a new run of ultimates in ks green this time around -- we promised during the first campaign that it was an exclusive! but if you love green and want a full matching set, the lime color from our regular lineup is quite awesome.
thanks, all! this is so cool. @geumtian // sure thing :) yay for holiday baking!
hi gir, i love your creations. i've signed up for a few of the unlocked additions since my initial pledge, do you mind providing a summary of the unlocked products and the relevant increase in the pledge before this campaign closes to ensure we haven't missed anything? many thanks.
i commented earlier asking if i could get all the spatulas in may to save on some shipping. can i cancel that? i'd love to get these as soon as i can. also congrats on 100k!!!
went to sleep at 97k and wake up 100k! that you can call a good wake up! :) well done!!
there we go 100552 yeah and i had refreshed before ........
it's funny i'm only showing 99388
what's next?
yay 100k! congrats, can't wait to see what's next
yay 100k! congrats, can't wait to see what's next
whoa!!!!!
almost there...
since ks green is now going to be a color for the pro, will it also be an available color for the ultimate (as the picture shows in the update)?
and in that note we are going to be at 100 k. today i predict
to quote "at 100k. +. we have big plans :-)" ???????
well there is supposed to be a super special and exciting one at 100k .............
any other stretch goals??
first rule of perforated spoon club: you do not talk about perforated spoon club second rule of perforated spoon club: surf the internet for inspiration... http://shop.ruhlman.com/products/the-badass-perforated-aka-egg-spoon
awesome - and thank you all for the feedback!
you guys are the best, one of the best campaigns i have been involved with. others could certainly learn a thing or too!!
@gir dear sam i truly  appreciate the effort to address our color wishes for the new line !of course  i'm delighted to know  that black color will join the premiere :-) those are the  little things that make the diference among others ....and  made the  path for the  huge sucess you certainly deserve! best wishes
@joel // oh fun, thanks! looks like black is a lock, so there will at least be that. and if we can do sky blue, we will :)
@chayne // oops i meant to include that! i'll send you a message :)
@gir // she loves the sky blue. i got her a ks green one originally but she wanted a sky blue once the store went up (and she got it for the holidays, as did her mother in teal and her sister in orange). i'm pretty sure she's on here somewhere getting minis and skinnys for them :) i think black could work for her for the add-ons as another neutral option as discussed below.
that's fair. then how about potentially adding the ultimate as an add on? same reason mostly, want a full set and can't really afford a full $70...
my vote is for magenta
@stephanie // we'll make it happen :) @chayne // sorry, we won't offer a pro+ultimate level - hope you can understand! the ks green mini+skinny are our extra-special thanks to backers for making it all possible - as tempting as it is to use them as a way to create a complete set, haha. feel free to keep em, share em, or give em away to spread the gir love. @alison // ack, facebook fail. just drop a note here and i'll add it manually :)
woohoo! i'm all in now at $142 on the $95 level for everything!
i'm trying to log in to vote on my favorite color but the link to the survey isn't working.  also is there a way to vote if you don't have a facebook account?
@gir: any chance for another pledge level? maybe this has been asked before, but any chance for a $25+ level for the pro and ultimate (since the skinny and mini will be free for $25+)? just wondering since i don't see a use for 2 skinny spatulas (at the $35 pledge) but would love the ultimate (or original) instead and not have to pay $70 to get the whole set...
thanks for reading our comments. i too was hoping there would be a neutral color available that does not require a popular vote.
@madalena, alexandre, angela // hearing lots of love for another neutral option, so we'll plan to get black and studio white in there somehow for ya! definitely want to make everyone happy here. thanks so much for the honest feedback. @joel // which color? (you can send us a message if you'd prefer not to post here, of course) @rj and faramarz // thanks for the assist! you got it.
@faramarz - just click on manage your pledge and increase your pledge amount. you don't need to change your reward tier. we got the scraper! :) yay! onward to 100k and beyond!
how can i increase my pledge amount?
every few days i log in and up my pledge to cover the new goodies :) i voted for a favorite color, but my wife is going to want a matching set, so will we be allowed to wait for our stretch goals until the color we want is available? thanks!
wow!!
90k reached! 10k in 5 days? we can make it...
now i'm seeing when going to vote that white is an option, too. would prefer black, but white is a good neutral. nice. :)
i'm with you madalena. my kitchen is black gray & sea blue (not teal) & i was hoping to have a matching set to display on my counter. while the bright colors are pretty, i kind of wanted everything to match & was planning on getting black/gray & white. i thought the extras would get all color choices, too. i guess i just have to hope that there are many, many more pledges so that they have the funds to open the entire rainbow!
closing on 90k... i do agree with madalena, i'm into black and grey too... hope you can make it... thanks
now i'm disappointed....my favourite is black or grey and none in the start color survey!!
@sue // i'll send you a message! @alison and peter // we are planning on launching three colors at first, which backers will get to vote on (soon!). if we can afford a full rainbow by may, we absolutely will. we need to see how many people have pledged for them and if we have the funds - it's *really* expensive to do so many colors because of factory minimums, but we love it. just want to make sure we don't bite off more than we can chew cost-wise for a may delivery date.
alison that is my understanding
maybe this has been answered before but are the flip, spoon and scraper going to be available in the same colors as the spatulas?
hi i want to add flip too. let me know how can i add it. thanks, and good luck to the 100k
woohoo! rollin right on to the scraper.
wow!! keep it coming! 100k!
85k! hope to get to 100k soon..
@geumtian // sure, we can work that out! i'll send you a message.
was just wondering, my wallet is not so full right now but i really want these items. is it possible to pledge for it all however just to save a few dollars on postage receive it all in may or whenever the extra's come in?
awwww c'mon guys you're guessing all our extra stretch goals and announcements! more on that later... ;)
in project update #9, you said that if you have extras you will make kickstarter green a color choice. would kickstarter green be a color choice for the pro as well?
yep! you got it. also, if you pledge for add-ons of flip, spoon, or scraper at that level, you get pre-release prototypes and the final product in may.
just to be sure: at 95$ (sidekick+bacon) i get one each +kickstarter mini +kickstarter skinny +ultimate bacon = 7 in total, right? (+1 additional bacon once we reach $85k) thank you
@peter // sorry to confuse! at $85k, bacon is unlocked as a *color choice* for the ultimate size - so in addition to pink, magenta, red, orange, lime, teal, sky blue, lavender, studio white, gray, and black, you'll be able to select bacon as a color. i should have noted the $65 early birds as well, sorry! the $65, $70, and $95 levels include an ultimate spatula, in any color, as part of the reward - we'll send surveys at the end to let everyone select the colors they want. the $95 sidekick level also includes two bacons (total of three ultimates!) hope that helps :)
that should read all levels that include a ultimate ........
thanks for the clarification now you have raised another question you stated in the $85k update re bacon that all levels that include a pro will get a bacon one as well .... also you said all levels over $70 well i'm an early bird @ $65 which includes s pro ???????
i agree with brit. as much as you can fund r&d in your own, it creates a completely different experience to involve the public in the process and allow them to give input on the product. not to mention that backers are the first to get their hands on the product.
awesome. thanks for the feedback - heard!
i totally support a third campaign. it's a new product and deserves it's own launch. i appreciate and actually admire the fact that y'all don't want to wear out your welcome--as i have seen other creators do just that, but that's only when they are treating kickstarter the exact same way as a store. i.e. backers don't have any input, old products being launched, and just viewing it as essentially free advertising. that's not how y'all operate though. 1. these are new products each time round.  2. backers have creative input. you saw that we want bacon--you made bacon happen. we wanted more sizes--you made more sizes happen. etc. this is the single most exciting thing about kickstarter--helping entrepreneurs achieve a vision made possible through a collaborative and communicative community. just my two cents.
@brit // would love to get some backer feedback on the idea, actually. the new products are progressing quickly even as this campaign runs along. we weren't quite prepared for video shoots, near-final prototypes, or production in time for holiday delivery of the flip, spoon, scraper, and about half a dozen other tools in development -- so we chose to keep this campaign focused on the three that were. we came far enough with the flip, spoon, and scraper over the past couple months that we were able to introduce them as add-ons to this campaign, which is exciting! we have functional prototypes for all three, and a roadmap for development that puts us around may 2014 for delivery. we'd love to come back with a third campaign for the other tools in development, since production costs for a full run would certainly be high enough to merit a bit of help from the crowd to get us off the ground with them. we're definitely on board with the fact that kickstarter is not a store, so we'd obviously only consider it if we couldn't afford production on our own. but, we're sensitive to the idea that backers may feel that gir is established enough that we *should* consider alternate forms of funding. anyhow, all that is to say that we'd love to come back if we need some help -- but we don't want to offend anyone's sensibilities by doing so. thoughts?
@alison // you can have bacon! we're going to open it up as a color choice, official announcement forthcoming. @peter //  at $80k, backers get both the mini and the skinny as an extra thank you! @scott, joakim, alexandre // thank you :) $100k seems within reach - and we have more fun stuff in store if we get there in time! thanks to all the rangers checking us out! can't wait to get ours into the kitchen :)
also, do you think y'all will run a third kickstarter campaign for the extras like the spoon etc.. i think y'all would get way way more publicity by making it a separate campaign in early 2014 as opposed to just being hidden add-ons to this one...
yay! congrats on the stretch goal!
great!!! hope to reach 100k soon.. maybe even an extra stretch goal..
wow - $10k in one day! way to go gir! looks like the $100k stretch goals are within reach!
if this had been answered i apologize now we reached $80k do we get one or both ks green extra free spatulas both the mini & skinny ??????
congrats 80k reached!let´s go for the scraper
80k very close now!
just so i am clear from reading other peoples comments - i could add on 20$ for the ultimate spatula but i can't have one in bacon, is that right?  i really want one of the bacon spatulas and i'd love to put the money toward the campaign rather than just buying one from the website.
@gir/ sounds great!
range sent me. great work!
@joakim // the design will be ambidextrous, so you can use it from either side. you'll also be able to grab it from various sides to take advantage of the curve where needed or approach something with a more broad, flat edge.
@gir / have been think about scraper and the design. look at this scraper, https://www.dropbox.com/sc/dirq8dszaaxv035/4csz2iittx . your scraper have to be used from left or right, the scraper in the picture you grabb from top and can use left and right side when you scrap. hmm.is this description understandable?
the free stretch goals will make great christmas presents. kickstarter green and red christmas spatulas would be awesome!
@alison, shawnkara, and joakim // we did it! wowie, what a day. @pao-lan // aww sorry! if you do end up sharing them with your mom, we can guarantee that the other spatulas will soon become but memories of a less colorful, less thoughtful, less siliconey kitchen era. we will absolutely deliver on time for the holidays, so there's that! we're looking at a ship date during the first week of december, depending on how quickly the warehouse can receive everything into inventory once it arrives on the loading dock. here's a suggestion: the sidekick+bacon level seems like a lot, but it doubles you up in a cool way because you get a bacon ultimate spatula (so you'd have two ultimate sizes, and could use one as a gift) and the mini+skinny backer bonus in kickstarter green (which could also be gifts!). plus, it comes with double the add-ons if you pledge for the flip, pro spoon, or scraper as well (prototypes before release, and then the final product in may) - so if your mom is all set with spatulas but could use some other cool silicone tools, you'd have a set to keep and a set to share. hope that helps!
75k already ! it's going pretty fast. arg... originally those spatulas (i pledged for a full kit to put in context) were for my mother, as a christmas gift or around these (which brings out the question : will spatulas be shipped to quebec, canada on time for the holidays ?), but she told me those she had were fine. i know that those look amazing and that she might know nothing of gir, but i can't help but wonder what to do with this... along with wanting some for myself but i can't afford two sets, that would be too much for my (already overcapped) budget. i'm a bit torn apart at what to do with all this... along with those extra stretch goals that just came in.
looks like we hit next level pretty fast!!
yeah spoons!!!
so close to spoons!  i am so excited to receive this order - your spatulas are the best!  my boyfriend bought me one from your original campaign and we have since purchased 3 more for ourselves plus some for family members.  having different sizes will be great.
one more backer and we're there!
closing on 70k pro spoon near...
nice shout-out from richard of tactical fanboy. bacon spatula = kitchen camouflage! http://www.tacticalfanboy.com/2013/09/24/bacon-spatula/
looking good! congrats to unlock 60k level!
thanks!
kickstarter green minis are happening!
@jeanine //  sure! happy to help -- you can adjust your pledge any time before the end of the campaign by clicking "manage your pledge" on the project page. your card won't be charged until the campaign ends on october 6th, and just one cc charge is processed (for whatever pledge amount that you set). i sent you a message with additional details :)
$60,000 pledged! whoo! congrats!
could you please explain the add ons? i added $20 for the flip, but could i add on for the spoon and scraper too? i didn't know those were so close to production! wow! would everything be charged at the same time? i applogize if this is an obvious question. i'm new to kickstarter and came here because of you guys and your wonderful spatulas. thanks for your help! :)
thanks alex - and grant for the pinch hit! @tl // gracias! @mb // that's the spirit!
@alex you can add $20 to your pledge for ultimate
any chance the ultimate spatula could be added a la carte style? might help boost the numbers :)
congrats on the new products, sam!
this spatulas are awesome but i really wish the scrapper .-)!come on guys pledge for the whole set
@lydell // awesome, thank you! we'll definitely make it if everyone pledges "ahead of time" for the stretch add-ons they'd like to have - that'll help us reach them for sure. thanks for believing :)
just raised my pledge to include stretch goals i know we'll make it.
@shawnkara sent you a message :)
can we snag multiple stretches? (say, if i wanted w flips and 2 spoons)
progress! funded.
@sue // haha, no worries. yep, you're all set - we'll contact each backer at the end of the campaign to confirm rewards and add-ons :)
that should be add ons - damn auto correct!
so if i want all three add ones i just add $47 to my pledge and you will know what that means?
@alexandre // thank you! all the current stretch add-ons will ship together in may, so you don't need to worry about another shipping fee if you add spoons or scrapers - all three will come in one fun package!
just upgraded my pledge. if another stretch goal is reached, will i pay another shipping, or it will be sent in the same package with the flip?
whooo. that was fast!
congrats, we did it!
congrats!  you are there.
we hear that rainbow is all the rage this season!
@gir movign in next week, i shall have to decorate my kitchen around the spatula's. something bright :d
@scott // you rock! that's the spirit :)
just added $47 to my pledge - i'm confident we'll make it to all the stretch goals!
@mandy // thank you thank you. don't worry, you didn't miss it. we'll send a survey at the end so that you can choose colors :)
loooove this product. i have four ultimate spatulas and use them all the time! just wondering... when do we get to choose our colors? or did i miss that in the pledging process?  i'd also like to note that i'd love to see stretch goals! :)
needs a good "flipper" along, not far now
@chris // i know! maybe we'll let some cats out of the bag a bit early...
stretch goals or add ons now would boost you up and over your goal.
@blue so close! i think we got ya covered :)
won't be long till you pass your initial funding goal, cant wait for the stretch goal announcements. i hope you will allow add-ons so we can add exactly what we want and not be constrained to packaged items in the pledge rewards.
800! woooooooo
@michael - awwww. but thanks! we're almost there... let's go make some spatulas! @blue_glaucus - thank you - we aim to please! i think we'll have some announcements you're going to like quite a bit :d
great project, its so hard finding stuff that heat resistant and if you do they're usually bulky and useless. would like to see serving spoon, slotted spoon, normal tongs, heavy weight tongs (roasting joint type size) and flipping spatula.
i just had to cancel another project cause im to excited for you guys :) cheers and hope it all goes well!
@shannon - sent you a message! @sporteducator - ohh boy, you're going to be really excited about what we do if (when?) we hit 50k+ ;)
i did not think it was possible to get this excited about a spatula!
if i want two sets of the mini+pro should i pledge $60 in one go?
@sarah - oooh fun new digs! have you decorated yet?
my original ultimate - in the awesome kickstarter green - has been my go to for baking and cooking. so it's a no-brainer, i'm going for the whole set. new house, means new gir's for my new kitchen! now to just color-co-ordinate.....
@pclabtech - much appreciated - happy to have you back :) (in both senses of the word!) @peter - eek! phew. @joe - thanks! tongs are tricky, but if we can figure how to perfect the locking mechanism then we definitely would do it.
and so it did
i'm excited for the spatulas (and to toss out my old ones). are there any plans to create tongs out of the same silicone?
oooooh scary 666 backers lol this too shall soon pass
i am back for the full 65 dollar set :)  the extra ultimate i will give away for christmas gift.  love your product! i use it every batch of baked pastries i make, and it's fun licking too!
@nigel - thanks for the suggestion! good idea. i just updated the project page. pro blade width: 6.8cm (2.7in) (btw, for those in the us, it "feels" a lot bigger than 2.7 inches sounds - it's roughly the width of the palm of an adult hand.) skinny blade width: 3.9cm (1.5in) mini blade width: 3.6cm (1.4in)
@michael haha i wish we could! it's just a special edition for the ultimate for now, but duly noted. we love bacon too ;)
can you please provide the widths of the blades for the four spatulas? it would be worth including this info on the home page where you give the lengths of the spatulas. regards, nigel
an* stupid
can you please make and entire set of bacon colored? that would would be totally worth it.
@heidi - thanks friend! @matt - thanks for backing :) we aren't planning to include bacon among the standard color options, since it's currently a special edition color just for the sidekick level of the campaign. but we're hoping to be able to incorporate it into some add-on rewards if we reach our funding goal with time to spare… stay tuned!
i backed at the mini+skinny+ultimate+pro level.  you say in the description that you can mix and match the color options for the different spatulas.  does that include the 'bacon' color option for the ultimate spatula? :-d
this is awesome! way to go guys!
thanks amy! and yep, we should be shipping right around the beginning of december - whooo!
i'm such a huge fan of your ultimate spatula (got one in the swag bag from food blog forum...thank you!)! it definitely makes mixing/scraping the bowl a lot easier...i just had to get the mini and pro! if they arrive on time for for holiday baking, i'm gonna be all set. :-) thanks for making a great product!
@audrey yes - just sent you a message :)
hm, ordered a full set and would like to order more - can i order another (different) set and not pay another lot of international shipping? sometimes, just sometimes, being in australia is a pain! audrey
@jane - just sent you a message. not to worry - we'll get you all sorted out.
hi, i am sorry but i put an order through for your 3 spatulas as i have one of them from your first kickstart project and its great!!!!  it told me the 3 had all been sold and i thought i had missed out so i re-ordered only 2 as i did get the three this is all i would like to order.  the computer jammed and i thought i had missed out that is why i re-ordered only the to can you cancel the other order..... thank you can wait to get the other jane allen
hahaha looks like we might have to have a secret santa make delivery rounds!
so excited for round 2. my husband just mentioned the other day that he wanted more. i am happy to get more for his christmas gift this year. now hopefully he won't open them when they show up in the mail again!
@arnold - sure! we'll post this the faq, too: we've spent a couple years on the learning curve for everything from product design (okay, we had a head start there!) to manufacturing, marketing, pr, and fulfillment. if you have an idea that you want to bring to life, we're officially qualified to help -- so backers at the design partner level (in addition to getting some fancy new spatulas) earn the right to pick our brains about any of that stuff in a whenever-you're-ready video chat or phone meeting. if you're in nyc, we'd love to meet in person. we'll do our best to share some of the ins and outs of the process, and would be glad to offer feedback on your ideas if you're looking for some space-age advice. occasionally, we've had people ask us to help them at later stages in their ideation and creation process - basically, they want to know if we'd be willing to produce a new product as a part of gir (rather than under their own new brand). while we've been laser-focused on bringing these spatulas and some stretch goal ideas to life recently, we're theoretically open to bringing someone's idea "all the way" if it fits within the gir brand and that's something that the creator wants. so it'll all start with a conversation - and some ndas to make everyone comfortable that their ideas are their own - and can grow from there if both parties are interested and in sync. hope that helps to clarify! feel free to message us if we left anything out :) sam
@zack - easy peasey - just send us a message!
gir. can you elaborate more on the design partner pledge?
love my first spatula. super excited about the new sizes :d
@julianne absolutely! they're available now at www.productofgir.com :)
i know you're going to get asked so i'll go ahead and toss it out there - how can we order multiple bundles? double our pledge?
i'm so happy with the new sizes. can i purchase the bacon spatula on its own? thanks!
@will thanks! glad to have the word of an expert balancer :) means a lot. @div3r5ity soon! as in, really soon. as in, if we reach our funding goal, and get to announce stretch goals, we'll be flipping out soon.
when are you guys gonna make a spatula to cook eggs with?
the only problem i have with my ultimate spatula is that i only have two. sometimes, both are dirty or in use! thanks to the complete set package, this crisis should be ever more avoidable. jokes aside, i'm really looking forward to these new spatula sizes. as a fencer, i understand the importance of a properly balanced tool. the ultimate spatula is perfectly balanced, so much so that it pains me when i have to switch to one of my old, differently sized spatulas. you have no idea how much i've been hoping you would release this new batch of awesome.
it's even more exciting the second time around. can't wait to see what else is up your sleeve!
so excited for you guys!!
@zack we're floored. this is a lot of fun. :d
100+ backers and over $5000 in funding in just over 10 minutes -- you guys have another hit on your hands! glad to be on board for round #2.
thanks guys! @david - we have some awesome plans for kickstarter green. so while you don't see anything about it on the page quite yet, fear not. we got you covered.
awesome, glad to come and be a backer for round 2 :)
best of luck to you guys!!!
glad to see you guys back!  quick question, will these be offered in kickstarter green so it can match my ultimate spatula?
