are you ever coming out with larger ones?  i love the ones i have now... please answer...
please post pics of the new larger cloops.
any news here on a larger cloop?  i need some for laptop cords.
got my cloops...i am glad i got the larger one which are working just fine, but would like even larger.....i agree with others, 20 % off on largest would be nice... are u doing a ks for this too?  good luck!
agree with danen!
have you shipped the packages yet?
got my cloop's, nice!  thanks again.
thanks so much! received all my cloops.
please send out a new 20% off backer coupon to your online store when you have the new larger cloops.  looking forward to a size for my laptop cords.
what happened to the store? the store link redirects to kickstarter, and kickstarter directs to the store?
hello everyone, we are excited to be launching our online store tomorrow! you should have already received an email with the website address and a 20% coupon code only available to our loyal kickstarter backers.  we have learned a lot through this campaign, thanks you to you all!  we are busy trying to address each of your concerns as we wrap up with campaign.  we've recognized the need for a larger cloop for larger cables. we are working on a new design targeted for larger cables.  we are currently tying up any loose ends with shipping the last of the kickstarter campaign orders. we've had to re-verify a few addresses. unfortunately, our shipping process does not come with tracking numbers.  we had a couple of hiccups with improper postage being applied, and we've corrected that issue.  we apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced with your order. we ultimately want to make sure you are satisfied with your experience with cloop. all of your feedback has been extremely helpful!
just received my cloops. but you sent me the wrong package. i pledged $40. $22 for a 9-pack of small cloop, $10 for 1 base, and $8 for the shipping. but i received 3-pack of small + 3-pack of large cloop + 1 base. the cloops are good but i am somehow disappointed.
got my order yesterday, now i'm wishing i had ordered more...
received my cloops. they're fantastic!  thanks very much.
thank you, loving cloops i'll have to order some large ones now.
my cloops were held hostage at the post office because you were $1.12 short on postage. i didnt mind paying the difference but be sure you put enough postage on the packages as not to inconvenience customers.
patiently waiting, but hope it comes soon since so many got theirs! going to your fb page to stay up on what u r doing.. thanks!
just received my order today in ireland! now to tackle the electrical jungle which is behind my desk. thanks guys, great product and shipping.
hmmm, i only ordered 1 of the large, and the 6 regular size ones.  i like these, but the smaller one don't really seem to be big enough to be practical for a vast majority of my cords, grrrrrrrr...
love 'em!
hello everyone, please like us on facebook. it's a great way to stay up-to-date on the latest with cloop. we also post some pretty interesting articles i know you'll enjoy browsing through on your feed. it's not junk, i promise! help us reach our goal of 500 likes on facebook! thanks for your support!  https://www.facebook.com/portablecabletie
that's awesome! really great. i can't wait to re-order again. ^_^)b
thanks for all of the great feedback everyone! we love it! we are rounding near the finish line of getting the rest of the cloop orders shipped! please don't hesitate to let us know what you think about the product, packaging, campaign, etc. we want to continuously improve! our online store is nearly complete and looking good! can't wait to show you!!! stay tuned....
got mine the other day 6 large and a bass awesome guys i wish i would have ordered more, so when you get the web site up i'm in i need some small ones and possibly another bass or 2. you guys rock thanks for not giving up after first attempt
received my 3 i ordered today , fast shipping and a fab product !! i love mine ! thank you :-)
wow. on time as promised - and amazing! thanks!!!!
just got my cloops today and i'm already regretting that i didn't get more.  thanks for the awesome campaign, i'll be buying more in the future.
guys, i received the cloops yesterday and passes them out to my family.  my son is going away with some friends.  he absolutely loves them.  he only wishes i would have purchased bigger ones.  when you get the website up and running and bigger one are available, i will be on board!  thanks again. there are great. ann zetti
@danen, the large cloop works great for mac laptop cables, which are smaller than other laptop cables. however, we understand that there is a need for even larger cloops and for that we are planning to make a design targeted to 'industrial' cables or bigger cables. for this application we are planning to create another specific design. stay tuned...and thanks for the feedback!
i love the cloops, but i wish i had saved the $$ i spent on the base. very good turnaround time on this project. it's not even in the ballpark of a mess.
i received mine.  thanks so much.  i wish the large cloops were bigger.  they are not large enough to use for laptop cords as advertised. will you guys be making any bigger ones?  i iike the little ones, just wish the large were bigger.
good questions and feedback guys! we have just sent a mass-update to all of our backers which includes a shipping update, faq's, and a picture. ;-) we are on target with our shipping goals, and appreciate your patience if you haven't received your cloops yet.
@joe, with nearly 250 projects backed, i kind of know what real messes are ;-) but not having been informed of shipping, and seeing people here saying that they received them is a bit ?? that is why i said "bit of a mess", not "real" mess :)
@marie. i wouldn't say it's a mess yet. it promised to ship in jul 2015, so we still have a few weeks to go before it can even be considered late. if you want a mess, go look at the message board of essington glass. that project has months and months of delay, mysterious and abrupt lack of communication from the creator. so even if a small subset of backers get theirs early, so long as the creator keeps us updated on the progress, i would just wait till early aug before worrying. at least we know this isn't vaporware.
patiently waiting for my cloop. have not received anything yet.
would be nice to be updated about shipping! seems to be a bit of a mess.
received mine. clever packaged so i didn't have to pay import taxes. thanks! the cloops themselves are little beauties. no regrets here!!
still awaiting shipping email
really like these, but the "big" cloops aren't really big enough to do anything, it seems.
arrived today in finland. really impressed on the quality and functionality. im feeling bad because i did not pledge for more. thanks.
hey glad to say i've received mine! using it as a cable clip for unruly earphone cables and they work great!
@ joanna thanks for the nice message. we are happy to hear that our hard work is rendering good feedback. we continue working on the project with the same level of energy and are focused on delivering to our project backers. after shipping is done we'll concentrate on our online sell channels and expansion. we'll send the news through our social networks. regarding the dvi cables and alikes, you are right, we understand that there is a need for even larger cloops and for that we are planning to make a design targeted to  'industrial' cables or bigger cables. for this application we are planning to create another specific design. regarding the base and the microsuction strip, we recommend to attach the 3m(tm) labeled side to the base (to to the opposite side of the base's logo). the base design consist of several treatments, the brushed finish is applied at the beginning of the process to the whole base. note: the micro-suction side can get dirty and lose suction properties after several repositions. however, you can easily clean the  micro- suction part with with water and regular soap. after letting it dry on its own it recovers its suction properties. the cloop team
great to hear some backers received their cloops and happy to use it. hope will get mine soon :)
wow, less than a month between the end of the kickstarter and the package arriving in my mailbox. i'm impressed! i had expected the large cloop to be larger, hopefully it will stretch enough to fit around bulky things like dvi cables. i'm confused about the base. i received a bar magnet with the same brushed surface on both sides (with the logo on the front, of course) and a 3m strip (smooth and shiny on one side, adhesive on the other). ...which part is the micro-suction silicone?
just received my. magnets work great ( i love magnets) and material seems very durable. thanks
happy to say that i got my rewards today (california).  haven't put them through their paces yet, but am really really happy how they came out.  just the solution i've been looking for for cables i use all the time.  thank you!
i received mine in the mail today.  i'm very pleased. i was able to easily organize a drawer full of cables.  the magnets are a good strength and the band material seems very durable.  thanks!
thanks, but end of july? (or end of june) and due to the international shipping need more time (approx 2-3 weeks), if possible please deliver international backers first so all your backers (international / local) will received their rewards at the closely period. thanks and awaiting my meet cloop :)
hello rl, we are shipping all of the orders via usps first class mail. we have already sent out a successful batch as a test. unfortunately, that type of mail does not come with tracking numbers. all rewards have not yet been shipped. we're working on them daily in batches. we will email you when we've shipped your order. us orders will likely arrive sooner than international orders. we hope to be done shipping all orders by end of july.
hello tino de rijk, thank you so much for the positive feedback. our backers are very important to us. we hope you'll be a forever customer as we plan to offer discounts to our valued backers when our online store is launched next month. we look forward to sending you those updates. thanks again! -cloop team
hello besh, so happy that you're please with your cloops! we appreciate the feedback. right now we're working feverishly to fulfill all of our backers' orders. in tandem, we are working on getting our online store up and running. we expect the website to be operational by mid-july. we will of course send notification of its launch to our backers first. also, yes, we plan to offer a discount to our backers and we will include that info in our email notifications to you.  again, we appreciate your support as a valued backer of cloop!! -cloopteam
great to hear someone received the reward. @creator, do you have tracking number and all or rewards are shipped?
compliments to these guys for giving very prompt answers to messages you send them.  i have seen so much worse from other ks projects....
hey there, my reward arrived yesterday and i'm so psyched, i want to order more. do you have an eta for when we can order on your website? also, do you plan to have a discount for backers? that would be nice. thanks!
@andrew & @marie are right, thanks for clarifying to everybody. our apologies for not providing enough explanation about the survey. we are processing each order individually and reading messages. please take note of the following indications: 1) all questions must be filled in. therefore, if the question doesn't apply to you, please write n/a.  2) in the comment box, please write the color(s) of your choice(s) for your base reward selection. 3) for international backers. please add your telephone number in the comment box.  if you already submitted your survey and can't edit it, please just send us a message. thanks to all cloop team
i got a reply back from the creators that you indeed need to fill in the color for the main part of your order in the "comments" field at the bottom of the survey. not very intuitive, and i didn't do it. since i cannot change my survey anymore, i sent them a message back asking them to fill it in on my behalf. my guess is i'm not the only one, and they are loading a lot of unneeded work on their shoulders this way.... but: you only learn through mistakes, and this is a great place to learn! :-))
@creator cant find any place to state the color of my choice, ended filling it in question no. 2 thank you
just noticed in the survey if you choose add ons there is no option for  selecting the colours of the pledge. i added mine to the comments. also  you cannot leave responses blank so everyone need to fill the branch for backers club regardless with a n/a you will also need a phone number for international deliveries.
@creator there was no question about choice of color for the pedge teirs other than for the add-ons. therefore i just gave my choice of color in the comments box. hope that works.
@nora m all questions must be answered, so putting n/a, none, etc. is the way to g.
@creator: i just filled in the survey, but i did not see a question where i can specify a color for the base pack. i can only specify a color for the add-on's (questions 5 and 6).  i ordered a base pack of 3 + 1 extra large loop + shipping to the netherlands, totalling 23 usd. will you ask for the color of the base pack in a later separate survey? why not already in this one?
i tried to answer the survey but got an error because i didn't answer the questions that i'm supposed to skip because they don't apply to me. maybe note that we need to write n/a in all the not applicable questions?
@surface, that's correct
@creator just to check, the selection of color will be done in a survey after the campaign?
@surface, just in time, thanks! 85 minutes to go.
@surface: we are glad you made it! thanks your support!
haha i didn't know i backed this so close to the end! looking forward to this!
@creator: for the 3 free cloops, are they all small, or can we pick & choose each size? so i can create my combinations with this in mind. thanks!
@jung and backerclub members 1. excluding shipping (applies to international backers) 2. the entire base can be attracted to magnets. each base its cnced and processed to give it the nice exterior look that you see. thank you for being a great supporter!
@creator:  - for the backerclub rewards, do we have to back $30 including or excluding shipping?  - for the base, is the black section in the middle also magnetic or is it just the two silver ends? thanks!
@ringo it's great to hear that! your answer is yes. thank you
awesome just what i've been looking for, just wondering for the early bird pack of 9, it mentions up to 3 colours sorted equally. does that mean its possible for a combination of 3 reds, blacks and whites as my selection?  thanks in advance! :)
this is the perfect solution for the mess of cables i carry around in my briefcase. no more de-tangling on the train ride into work! best of luck and congratulations!
amazing! thank you guys!!!!!
congratulations guys!!!!! your funded :)
@joao, if you're selecting an "early bird special" it''s $10, if it's a regular reward it's $12. thanks!
what is the price to add a cloop base as an add on to my existing pledge?
hey niall! thank you for being an awesome backer!
fantastic idea! pledged 105, how do i contact directly?
thank you very much!
updated pledge added 44 dollars
you're welcome danen, it's our pleasure.
updated my pledge.  thanks for allowing to combine big and small sizes.
@ emily and et.al. you can create your own large + small cloop combo by selecting a large pack pledge and then add-on small cloops by increasing your amount in the "pledge amount box". the large number of possible different combo combinations would make it impractical in the kickstart platform. you can always send us a direct message to review your pledge. thanks for being a backer!
thanks tan tay!
just ordered a bunch of them (20 cloops) and bases...sent you a message. good luck with your campaign
@eric- our pleasure!
hey emily, if i can help you put something together just message me. we don't want you to feel overwhelmed by the rewards- and it can sometimes get that way when there are a lot of choices. :)
thanks to opened up for early bird specials, just order more large ones.
so glad you opened up adding ones to the specials.  what i would have loved is a combo of large and small ones.
just wanted to send a special thanks to all of the awesome first-day backers and for your support to help cloop have a successful day!!!
due to overwhelming interest, we are opening up add-ons to each reward tier, including the early bird specials. additional cloops are $2.50/each for small, and $3/each for large. see base price in reward tier. please add the total to your payment when you checkout. if you've already ordered an early bird special, simply revise your order. thanks for letting us know you guys wanted this changed.
hello eric, there are no cloop band add-ons for the early bird special. we couldn't offer them at a discounted price for an individual purchase. sorry for the inconvenience. however, you can either purchase a larger early bird special reward, as there are still plenty available, or select a regular reward so you can add on how ever many cloops you'd like.
@danen, you can back for additional cloops if "add-ons" are offered in the reward. you can add additional sm cloops for $2.50/each and additional large cloops at $3/each or a base for the price as listed. you have to add the total additional cost, and add it to your reward pledge when you checkout. we'll send you a survey at the end of the campaign asking you about the order so we can get you the add-ons. does that answer your question?
i love your product from your old campaign now your back. i backed for 6 small and also would like to add 3 large one sound like i cannot do that with early bird.
i am in. great product.  i backed for 6 small, but would like to add 3 large for laptop cords.....i don't see an easy way to add that combination in the rewards.  please advise.
hello sunir- we couldn't price cloop individually as a lesser price than what the add-on already offers. are you saying that you guys would want the option to add-on additional cloops (in the early bird special tiers) at the same regular reward tier add-on price point? if this is the case, i'll look into it. it doesn't present a further discount on additional cloops bands, but i get what you're saying.
thankyou for you reply.  what is your reasoning behind not letting your early backers purchase more from you? i.e support you more.  seems rather counterproductive
hello elles! there is a retraction at the bottom of the page that details the mistake made with the cloop base price in the $27 reward for 9 cloop bands. the price should be $10 for the base, not $12. we are changing this price automatically at the end of the campaign for anyone who missed that error. i'll highlight it a bit more so it's not so easily overlooked. we can't offer any cloop add-ons for the early bird special because these specials are limited. you can add-on additional cloop bands of any size on each regular reward tier, as well as a cloop base on any reward tier. i'm sorry you feel frustrated with the pricing. it's more complex than what everyone is used to seeing because of the demand in quantities involved. thanks so much for being a supporter.the good part is, each reward tier is already at a discounted price- the lowest we can offer (compaired to the inevitable retail price). and since we have carefully arranged the manufacturing and packaging- you won't be waiting a long time to receive this product.
i think you are rather shooting yourself in the foot to not allow any one to do a few add ons.  i would ike the large ones and would like just one or two small, but unless i pay more  for the large and $2.00 for the base i cant.   and i just see that you have a misprint. i wanted to buy the early bird special  of 9 cloop for 27 ( #15) with the base at 10.. which can be found under your campaign heading  where you enumerate the  reward categories.  but unfortunately under the reward when i went to pay you have changed the base price to 12 instead of 10,  so i bought  6 instead..  i am going to watch this because i feel nickled and dimed.. i don't understand why you allow some categories to buy extra and not all.  but it f course is your  preogative..
hey sunir! unfortunately, not with the early bird special, there isn't any way to add additional cloops. you can only add cloops in the regular rewards. you could always edit the reward, if you choose to go with a different reward that allows you to do the add-ons. hope that answers your question!
hi, ive made pledge #3 (with base) but i also would like some large ones?  is this possible?
