my apologies for previous comments.  last night i read the ifttt doc and was successful in setting up several notifications.  the device seems to work quite well. i did notice, however, when i move the device from one computer to another, the id changes.  too bad i can't leave my notifications and just plug the device into the machine i'm using.
is there going to be any update to the blinkie control software for windows?
hey there, i haven't received my order yet either, any updates on this? cheers.
apologies to those of you who ordered engraved versions and maybe didn't see the message we sent a few months ago. we weren't able to get the engraving to work.  if you'd like, we can send those who backed at a single engraved blink(1), we'll send you two regular blink(1)s.  and if you backed for two engraved ones, we'll send you three blink(1)s.  or we can do a full refund. contact us via a kickstarter message to let us know what you'd like. (and update your shipping address if needed)
hey guys, i decided give my order the time it deserved to be awesome, but i'm a little worried now. i haven't heard any updates on my $50 tier order. any light you could shed would be awesome. thank you for your time, edward hunter
hi, im stil waiting since 5 month now, please give me my money back, or answer my emails. stop ignoring me. thank you
dear gents sorry for last incorrect post anyhow i want please to inform that i'm not yet receiving my pledge, so can you please check the statues and feedback me by email thanks
dear gents i didn't receive my
i go through the internet via proxy, i'm getting this error in log. 14:14:51.2451|info|blink1control|getcontentsofurl:http://api.thingm.com/blink1/events/6605e8d51a002454 2013-02-04 14:14:51.2451|info|blink1control|we:the remote server returned an error: (407) proxy authentication required. is there a way can add this proxy? can u guys add this to the software update?
hi daslicer,  i'm not associated with thingm, but your best bet is using ifttt (https://ifttt.com/blink1) and either the mac or windows control program (http://thingm.com/products/blink-1.html) as for the import taxes, that is nothing to do with blinkm, they are charged by your government.  it'd be pretty difficult for them to know the import duty and tariffs for every country in the world. good luck getting it going.
hello thingm i received your blink(1) but i think it's pretty hard to use them, do you have any tips how to connect my blink(1) to my facebook/tumblr/e-mail account? another thing, when i received them i was forced to pay another €21 for import taxes. i wasn't aware of those extra costs on top of the extra 15$ i had to pay for shipping.
hi thomas (rackers),  try doing what's suggested in the comments on the update page: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/thingm/blink1-the-usb-rgb-led/posts/394656 particularly to help us debug, sending us the "log.txt" file. alternatively, try moving the blink1control folder to a different location and restarting.  it should create a new set of settings.
well, the blink(1) control for windows was more or less working... until i installed the new "corrected" version.  now when i try to run it i can see it on the windows task manager start, acquire a little over 7 megabytes of memory... and then die.  this is completely repeatable, dies every time without ever opening up the window.  not happy here.
got my blink's in germany today...
i've not received the blink i ordered - a custom engraved blink, which i understand has been delayed - and have not received any response to the 3 emails i sent requesting an update on it. i am quite angry.
hi,  the paackage is still in jamaica, since 10th of december. it´s more than 30 days !!!! so can you please arrange something that i get the blinks i ordered !!! thanks
my blink(1) control application now does not work anymore but any of the other stuff like the color picker and color organ work just fine. just not the control for it  any fixes?
received my blink(1) around a month ago and it never worked. i sent emails, kickstarter messages, and i've posted on get satisfaction without any help from thingm in over a month. anyone want to buy a blink(1) from me?
all clear in germany! received my five blink(1) today. i had to pay 17.85 eur vat, but apart from that and the long delivery time everything is fine: they are all working! thanks, thingm! :-)
i'm enjoying my blink(1) to honest. i'd love to utilize it more at present but there were a few small hurdles. getting my laptop to initially recognize it was a bit of an ordeal, but i am excited more at the potential. the speed of the device isn't an issue for me. i don't need it to blink the very second i receive an email or require spontaneous data, i do however like to know at a glance from across the room or from a different focus that something is waiting. i'd love to see more local integration and functions mixed with a potential enjoyable graphical hud experience. a windows 8 variant would also be nice, but those are future thoughts. for now, i am enjoying mussing around with the ifttt. -adam
saif al-badri, thanks, but i thought that was where i was supposed to enter the ifttt rule's name, as it appears on ifttt.com.  when i copy that in and hit save, the blink(1) app still lists the name as untitled##.
as long as ifttt is working on a 15 minute polling system, waiting 15 minutes to get  a notification and then another 15 minutes for the notification to clear is nuts. i know that's not on blink(1)'s side, but to use something that takes so long for, in my case, gmail notifications, is rediculous this may have other applications for other people, but for now, my phone alerts me to emails a lot quicker than this thing can. either ifttt will need to change the polling time to be like 15 seconds, or blink(1) needs to find a better notification provider, in the mean time my blink(1) is sitting here unused i was looking at zapier for a potential ifttt replacement, but it looks like you have to pay a subscription to get a limited number of "zaps". its 99 bucks a month to get 125 notifications, which is rediculous, as i must get 10s of emails a day anyways for now my blink(1) is sitting around idly. i also signed up for the l8 smartlight, which is similar to this project but it is like a rubiks cube of leds, so similar but bigger. i dont know how they plan on running their notifications, but anything is better than how ifttt works now. again i know ifttt isnt a thingm product, but choosing to rely on them for notifications seems silly
i'm a bit confused that we german backers are asked for suggestions of how to investigate the issue. we do not know anything about the shipment process apart from the tracking number which - in my case - says the same since 2012-12-10: first-class mail international     processed through usps sort facility     december 10, 2012, 7:15 am     jamaica, ny 11430      international letter how can i make suggestions on how to investigate?
hi josef, it's called "ifttt rule name" it's right in the middle of the configuration page once you hit the "+" sign, and to change the rule name (i think it can be anything), click on the rule name on the top left corner in the configuration page, if its a new rule it should say "[click to edit title]", hope that helps :)
josef ferguson: open the recipe..  click the untitled## at the top and you should be able to rename it...  that's how i did it.
thingm: as i've mentioned, my windows app has *no* functionality, so unless the max apps also does nothing, i don't think it can be said that they have "equivalent functionality" saif al-badri: and how exactly does one change the name of their recipe in the blink(1) control?  mine all say untitled## and there appears to be no way to rename them.
one last note, i couldn't configure more than one blink(1) with the windows app... it recognize one blink only even if you have two plugged in.
i agree that the windows app is not accurate, it was intermittent for me. however its a good start and i'm sure thingm will get it right in the next version. few notes to all windows users (it's in the blink1control main page but i'm sure some won't pay attention): 1. configure the (same) rule name in both ifttt.com recipe and the blink1control 2. add the ifttt key shown in your blink1control to your ifttt.com recipe e.g. 615abcd000000000 3. ifttt checked every 15 secs so give it a moment (it was more than 15 secs in my case but it worked) hope we get a more reliable app in the next version!
and yes, josef, we're continuing to work on both the windows and mac blink1control applications, now that they have equivalent functionality.
hi sbellon and other german backers: we seem to have issues with our shipments to germany.  does anyone have any suggestions on how we should investigate this?
i'd be more than happy if my five blink(1) arrived at all! still nothing ...
benjamin, i don't feel like i'm being un-relaxed.  and basic functionality three months after the promised ship date really isn't too much to ask.
josef: what did you expect from this kickstarter? creating new hardware with electronics from scratch and releasing finished software on release day of the hardware? maybe you have wrong expectations what kickstarter is all about. i'm sure the windows software will improve over time, so just relax.
before i start clamoring for a refund, i'd like some input from thingm.  is the windows software a work in progress?  it seems very very unfinished.
@josef - maybe we can form a club?  :-) seriously though, they've been very forthcoming about offering to refund your purchase if you're unhappy.  if you contact them, i am sure they will work something out for you.  i think it must be easier for them to refund unhappy people than producing a product which works in windows in a timely manner and making those people happy.  (i'm not angry...just calling it like i see it...)
hi, is it normal, i havent received blink yet?
hate to say it, but i'm kind of disappointed.  i'm going to give it some more time and hope it improves, but here are some complaints (so far): 1. documentation is lacking.  i'm not a programmer and have no desire to be one.  but i am technologically-inclined and can get most devices to do what i want them to do with a little instruction.  the help section on the windows controller for blink(1) is very incomplete. 2. missing functionality. no change brightness.  no change hue.  no blink pattern.  hoping this is just a work in progress and these things will be added later.  seems strange to have them on unselectable on the behavior drop-down menu if that's not the case. 3. most concerning, the device seems to not work as advertised.  i can go into the demo section and make it light up just fine, but when i set up a very basic ifttt rule, nothing happens.  i told it to blink blue at 10:15pm.  at 10:30 i stopped waiting.  maybe i'm doing something wrong.  i've set up ifttt rules for other things that work fine.  is there some step i'm missing in the blink(1) controller?  as i mentioned before, the help section is sorely lacking. i hope i can get this device to work, but i'm starting to get the sneaking feeling that i just wasted $55.
another thing that came to mind, maybe turn the led off when you quit the program. it looks like the only way to turn the light off is to go into the trigger edit menu of that trigger, or turn the demo on then off
thanks for the additional suggestions, jared. as for ifttt's 15-minute cycle, that's how ifttt works.  some of their data sources (like sending email to "trigger@ifttt.com") are "instant", but most are on that 15-minute cycle.
another thing, the app shows a notification bubble every time it is minimized! every time! maybe show the bubble the first time, but then i know what happens after that!
and then once i check my email, its another 15 minutes for the blink to turn off.... so thats 15 minutes of waiting followed by 15 minutes of running the led all for one email
also, what can i do to make ifttt check every 15 seconds rather than every 15 minutes? letting me know every 15 minutes whether i have an email is... well i can probably send something snailmail faster than that!
hi jared, thanks for the great ideas, we'll put them on the to-do list.  this is early release software, we wanted to get something out as fast as we could.
the windows software doesn't have an option to start minized to system tray with windows? doesnt have an option to auto start at all?
any further update on windows software?
just arrived, sometime over the past couple weeks whilst i've been on holidays.  should have seen box with all the kickstarter stuff in it :)
compiling fails on fedora because of the "missing" libusb-1 dependency, although everything is installed fine. also on arch it seems: https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php…
@txag99 .. i didn't laugh, but i winced a few times. i can't believe people are getting so frustrated over this. you'd think they had some thing that was work and they relied on taken from then rather then just simply being asked to wait a while longer.  as i windows user i have mine and it works well, and i have a command interface to control it with anything i choose to tinker with, the windows applet/server that will listen for ifttt commands to control it will be very welcome and i'm happy to wait for it.  i hope that more community apps are shared as well - though i see why a developer would hesitate to share anything with the attitude of some of those commentators.
got my blink(1)s this week, awesome ..love it. nicely done guys.
@blaine: read this (try not to hurt yourself when you fall out of your chair laughing): https://getsatisfaction.com/thingm/topics/where_do_i_get_my_key_in_order_to_activate_my_blink_on_ifttt
any updates when the windows blink(1)control will be ready?
sbellon: same here
my blink(1) is faced upside down when connecting to my macbook air (both ports). is there any way to mod it or flip it around without breaking it?
sbellon: i had the same thing. apparently usps tracking for international shipments stops in the last location on us soil. basically usps just uses another shipping company to forward the shipment internationally. my package apparently entered the netherlands on the 20th of december (almost two weeks after the last jamaica based update) after which the customs procedure started. i only know this because i got the postnl tracking number after first delivery to my house failed. apparently (at least in the usps to postnl case) the usps does not track the forwarded package to give international updates on the original usps tracking number. i think that sucks, and sort of defeats the purpose of having a tracking number in the first place. but that's how it apparently is...
my blink arrived before xmas ( uk, not tax need to pay). there was a slight fault and i've just received a replacement ( again no tax paid at customs) great service, great item. cheers.
just received mine and it works, yay! but... am i missing something, or is the device oriented completely wrong? if i insert it into my macbook (or apple keyboard), it sits there metal side up. when inserted into usb port at the side of my monitor, it is metal side towards me. in all cases, it's quite difficult to see, i have to consciously check it status and can not use it as a "alert" indicator because it is quite easy to miss. of course, this can easily be fixed by using usb extension cable, then i can position blink(1) however i want, but that an ugly workaround 8( my guess is that the metal plate is needed to cool the led. however, were the connector turned 180 degrees, it would face down/away and the status of blink(1) would be much more visible. also, how much heat is generated by emitting light that gets immediately lost on the metal plate? do not want to sound too negative though. i'm quite happy with my blink(1), the above points should be taken only as ideas for blink(2) 8)
am i the only person not having received theirs? i'm in germany and the usps tracking id still says jamaica, ny 11430  since dec 10th. is this ok or something to worry about?
hey thingm,  what's the current status of the win software?
good news: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php… ccray build status integration by commandline tool seems to be working. hope to hear the windows tray app to get ifttt working is finished soon. might be doing a "real" .net library some day (hopefully soon). thanks for a cool project!
german customs expects some credible document showing a total amount (including packaging and shipping) that has actually been paid (e.g. an invoice). if this exists the delivery person may collect the appropriate amount upon delivery. shipments get opened by customs to determine if there is such documentation included if it isn't attached to the outside. customs declarations cn 23 or cn 22 (as used by fulfillrite in this case) may be considered insufficient if they leave doubts or appear misleading (e.g. declaring an obviously commercial shipment as gift). additionally, in my case only the value of the objects was stated and not what was paid. yet it is the latter that seems to be of interest. i'm just a geek so most of the above is based on assumptions and a web page from the german customs office.
hopefully my delivery will be tried again tomorrow morning... (also see twitter: @peshir)
hi markus, what was lacking in the customs paperwork?  we were assured the customs forms were being filled out correctly.  if they're not, we'd like to give feedback to our shipping house. hi josef (and our other patient windows friends), we've got about 60% of the needed backend api done on the windows app.  optimistically, we might have something this weekend to beta test. hi jarno, we'll start poking our shipping house for what we should do next. hi boscoboy, go to http://blink1.thingm.com/ for a bunch of downloads and links to apis, libraries, and tools hi saif, we've noticed certain usb hubs (or usb hub + computer combo) don't provide very good power, which can cause blink(1) to get confused.  if your usb hub has an external power supply, try that.  if you have a different usb hub, try that.
got mine today. i am very happy. since the accompanying paperwork was insufficient i had to pick it up from the customs office (a trip as time-consuming and entertaining as a visit to the dmv).
got an update for us re: windows software?
.... still hoping for some windows software
based on http://thingm.com/blink1/ks-search/ the tracking number i've gotten earlier seems correct. and it still has not shown any update in status since the 7th of december. and still no blink(1) package was delivered to my house. based on update #13 i'm officially calling the final 5 days before i'm asking thingm to start shipment insurance recovery and similar procedures next monday.. :-/
how do i use this? where is the documentation?
happy new year for all, i sent an email 3 days ago explaining my problem and got no response yet. i had 8 blinks connected to 2 usb ports on my pc, each port has 4x100ma = 400ma which is under the 500ma limit. when i run the blink1-tool to turn them on they do with no issues, however if i leave them on for a while and try to turn them off, i get an error "cannot open blink(1), bad serial number" when i try again i get a windows error saying "blink1-tool has stopped working, windows is checking for a solution for the problem" this happened with random blinks out of the 8 i have, sent you a list in the email, the ones that has x means it failed, during the 1st attempt 3 failed, and in the 2nd attempt i did 2 failed, any idea if it's a software bug or a hardware issue?
grr, 11.13 gbp in customs and handling charges because it was valued at 65 pence over the limit...
still bubkiss... :-(
+1 for a blink1 without opaque sides. or at least a reversible case. love the concept and execution of the device itself, but the case was a letdown.  havn't yet found a port on my pc's / monitors / hub that does show the light towards me / up .. need to have another cable - which is not what attracted me to this small device. a reversable case that holds better and dosn't lossen up over time would be good for v2. also having problems with my 64bit windows 7 .. but i'll take that to the forums.
i would agree, inconsistant delivery times - but hey, they arrived!  conus
mine arrived today perth, australia.. about a week after others here received so they are still winding their way out and it seems inconsistent by location.. a little more patience perhaps?
hi, have someone get a blink device in germany ? and must someone pay a fee for the package ?
never received any tracking information, nor the five blink(1) devices i pledged for.  any ideas?  anyone?  i now feel i have waited plenty long enough to whine about this...
i cant click the + sign to add recipe on the control app. why?
it seems, that there won't be any (blink) christmas presents in germany :-/
(to be honest: i'm starting to fear they might be lost somewhere, as the usps tracking code provided to me by thingm has not shown any updates since jamaica, ny on december 7th... :-/ )
@thingm: problem solved!  big tks~ and happy holidays
i am a .net developer and would love to help to get blink(1) windows app and .net api up and running. however, as a volunteer for the Öwf mars2013 mission and with several personal hobby projects for windows phone and windows 8 in various states of chaos i'm afraid i won't be able to contribute any time until at least march 2013. (also, to be physically able to do anything, first my two blink(1) devices need to get delivered, which they have still haven't..)
pasha, we have a forum for user tips and tricks at: https://getsatisfaction.com/thingm/products/thingm_blink1 but to answer your question briefly, try doing "./blink1-tool" instead of "blink1-tool".  the dot-slash are important. to any like txag99 who are unhappy with the delays we've experienced in releasing the windows blink1control app, we apologize profusely.  if you would like a refund we understand and will be happy to issue you one. we are a very small company and haven't been able to find .net devs. to everyone else, know any good .net developers who would like a short-term contract?  point them at our github and send us their contact info.
mine arrived today to the uk.... shame that the customs and admin fee together cost more than the device :-(
@barry -- they're not having snags with windows development -- they're having problems with their lone(!!!) windows developer; as in they are having some sort of "personal issues" and do not want to code the windows control app now. if i would've known all us windows users were going to be blown off like this indefinitely, i never would have backed this. when i sent them a message about this, they wrongly assumed i was unhappy with the blink(1) when what i am unhappy with is their lack of ability to produce a windows control app, rendering the device pretty much useless to me. the window prop idea is a really good one...i think i have an uneven table leg around here i can use my blink(1) to shore up.
question from a terminal noob: keep getting "-bash: blink1-tool: command not found" i'm trying the sample commands that came with blink1-tool for mac. tried running in root directory and the one containing the program - no dice. any help will be appreciated!
we're run into some snags with windows development.  the blink1control app for windows won't be available until the new year. apologies. we're working over the holidays to get it finished as soon as possible.
i'm currently using mine to keep my bedroom window open about 1.25 inches at night. it keeps the window from slamming shut. as you can see, it is pretty useless to me without the windows control program.  when will the program be available?
mine arrived today australia qld. yeah!
@ jamie, g'day from perth received mine yesterday, i'am sure yours isn't too far off, as normally western australia is last the last to receive anything. (by the way, nice job guy/gals : ) hopefully when full functionality for windows arrives all will be well.
got mine today (in uk)... along with a 15 gbp customs fee (about $24 us) :| oh well, time to have a play :)
got my two in the mail.  can't wait for the windows ifttt controller to be released.  had fun playing with the scripting tool.  looking forward to figuring out the processing library aspects!. everyone i showed it to was floored by the packaging.  fantastic job! please keep up the wonderful posts and updates as you go along. i really enjoy following your progress.
thanks mick - really hoping it arrives for christmas so i can play on my break. bit concerning that the ratio of 'awesome' to 'broken' comments here are so close, hopefully its a minority with problems and most people are too busy playing with theirs to come and comment.
hi jamie, i received mine today. i'm in toowoomba (an hour from brisbane). one small problem. mine doesn't work =(
anyone in australia received theirs yet?
guys and girls of thingm - i have to say i am impressed! plugged one of my blink(1) in, fired up the command line app and spent a good half hour just changing the colours (much to the amusement of my co-workers - "make it pink again!"). many apps to be written over the holiday break for monitoring servers and downloads methinks! :)  thanks! matt
hi wilksy, apologies! we'll contact you via a kickstarter email to arrange a replacement for you.
hey!! arrived today in london. looks great. little problem, no blue. anything i can do?
hi tiberius, apologies! we'll contact you via a kickstarter email to arrange a replacement for you.
just received my blink(1)'s today and they are great! and, i tried blink(1) color organ on one of my blink(1), and after that it only displays red color! blink(1)-tool and color picker won't alter its color, and it just displays different shades of red. is there any way i can debug this behavior? or resetting the device? when i replug it into other usb ports, it briefly blinks one time with red color, and still can't change color with those tools.
@cj the only "easy" way to use this thing without writing your own code is with the ifttt interface which will apparently not be available to windows users from the foreseeable future due to there not being a windows control app. it's either that (some day), write your own code, or use something someone else has written if it happens to do what you want to do.
ok, got the device. seems useless.  tried the twitter app and it complains about not finding some kind of java. is there a document that explains how to use this thing?  for something that is supposed to be simple, it sure doesn't feel that way.
using osx10.7.5.  the mac app does not always launch ... it's dead.  when it does launch the demo allows manipulation but the blink does not respond (too anything).  i don't do code so i can't get into what that part of it is all about, but with 10 of these "blinking" things not blinking ... i can't even give them away for christmas !  is it an osx version issue or other that you need to fix ? thanks:  jg
i think i've integrated the blink1-tool.exe commandline tool with ccnet build monitor correctly, but my blink(1) devices have not arrived yet. any idea on when i can expect them in the netherlands...? (also, the windows app i gather from other comments is needed to get the ifttt-integration working would be nice to have when the devices are in.)
have been playing around with mine and it works great. but i wanted it to be a bit bigger so i made a quick mod. (the text is in swedish but just scroll down and let the pictures speak for them self) http://www.sweclockers.com/galleri/10565-blink1-mod
just got mine! awesome to see a concept come to life through kick starter and actually have something physical in my hand! the color organ app that changes the led based on sound is awesome, going to use it as a light show during sex :p
the blink1-tool won't compile for me. the blink1-raw tool compiles and works. good enough for me.
gee.  thanks.
we apologize for the delay with the windows app.  it won't be today.  when we have an update we will post it. thanks!
where and what time today will the windows "blink1control app" be released again so that we can get the required key for ifttt, please?
hi mwalimu, apologies, we only have the resources to test on ubuntu linux. you can either try compiling blink1-tool yourself (see the "commandline" directory on the github, here's the makefile:   https://github.com/todbot/blink1/blob/master/commandline/makefile or you can try compiling the blink1raw tool at:  https://github.com/todbot/blink1/tree/master/commandline/blink1raw which uses hidraw, the competing method for connecting to usb hid devices. in the future, these questions will be better tracked on our blink(1) support forums:   https://getsatisfaction.com/thingm/products/thingm_blink1 (and which will let us use html :-)
your linux code isn't working for me. tried with gentoo on a desktop with kernel 3.5.0 & 3.7.0, laptop with 3.6.6. the device blinks white once when i plug it in and shows up in dmesg and lsusb. there is a hidraw node created in /dev but the blink1-tool returns iconv_open() failed iconv_open() failed iconv_open() failed no blink(1) devices found i did create the udev rules file and the hidraw node shows as 666 root plugdev. tried compiling the command line tool myself but it errors out with "cannot find -lusb-1.0" even though i have libusb-1.0 installed, the library is in /usr/lib and i can compile other things against libusb-1.0.
yes, i am on 10.6.8, thanks for the reply.
hi oliver, you are on 10.6, yes?  we're looking into it.  updates will be posted here first: https://getsatisfaction.com/thingm/topics/blink1control_main_window_appears_blank_under_osx_10_6
when i start the blink1 control app on my mac, the embedded web server does not seem to start. at least, i don't have any process listening on port 8934 (as described in the doc on https://github.com/todbot/blink1). the process actually does not seem to listen on any tcp port. any idea? note: when i start in command line, i see: 2012-12-15 09:00:17.750 blink1control[3361:903] 474 blink1_id:0bb45fda1a001f8b 2012-12-15 09:00:17.752 blink1control[3361:903] *** -[nsplaceholdermutablestring initwithstring:]: nil argument
hi rob, those steps are a little confusing.  try this: 0. quit processing 1. grab zipfile http://thingm.com/blink1/downloads/blink1-java-processing-lib.zip 2. unzip it, it will create a folder called "blink1" 3. put that folder inside the folder "~/documents/processing/libraries" 4. the result will be "~/documents/processing/libraries/blink1" 5. run processing.  go to "examples" menu and you should find several "blink1" examples in the list.
trying to get processing on my mac working with the blink1 library, but i keep getting this message... "no library found for thingm.blink1 libraries must be installed in a folder named 'libraries' inside the 'sketchbook' folder." i followed the instructions on "https://github.com/todbot/blink1/wiki/processing-library-steps", created the blink1 folder in my processing sketches folder (located in my ~/documents folder on my mac), created a "library" folder inside of that, and put the 4 required library files, but i still get the message that there is no library file. i am running processing version 2.0b7, the latest version on processing.org i know i have to be missing something, but i followed all the steps listed
hi barry, hopefully in less than a week.  we're working hard on it.
i see that the ifttt channel is up. i see that the blink(1) control for osx is up. waiting for windows is like having a band aid being pulled off. what is the eta for the windows control program?
got mine! yay. love it. something i hacked up: blink(1) + google latitude: http://joewalnes.com/2012/12/14/blink1-google-latitude-wheres-daddy/
got mine today. looks great but the color organ program doesn't work on my computer. :(  not a big problem since i wasn't planning on using it but wanted to let you guys know.
just got my pack of blink(1)s... looks great!
yay!
hi barry, the key on the ifttt blink(1) channel is generated by the blink1control app that we'll be releasing tomorrow.
the ifttt website is asking me for a "key"  for my blink1 where do i get this information?
i created a quick proof of concept mac os x shell script to monitor a webpage for a string. if the string is found blink(1) shows green if not found blink(1) show red. https://github.com/nealzip/monitor.sh/blob/master/monitor.sh note: this uses the latest blink1-tool that include the rgb blink option.
hi chris, we haven't finished analyzing how the various licenses of the libraries and tools we're using intersect, so we don't have a specific license yet.  but it will likely be gpl or apache.  and our understanding is all code is under copyright, regardless of license.
hi doug, yes please email us the panic report because it might be instructive, to blink1 at thingm.com.  i'm not sure how the blink(1) could be causing it however because we're using standard mac iohid functions (via the hidapi library).  also, what was your usb setup?  was the blink(1) plugged directly into your computer or via a hub?
i've got a blink1 plugged into a macbook pro running mountain lion and have been playing around with the blink1-tool command line utility for the last several days. today, after ~30 minutes of doing some random commands, i got a kernel panic. i'm fairly certain it's related to the blink1 because a) the blink1-tool was the only i was doing, and b) i haven't had a kernel panic on a macbook in years. would anyone at thingm be interested in the panic report? if so, who would i send it to?
i got mine today but there's one thing that is really confusing, on the box it shows a copyright, but then it says its entirely open source. i don't really see any open source license doc with a fast look on the github and website. so the question is what license does the hardware and software fall under or does fall under the copyright on the box?
received mine today ! : ) +1 for the ``i wish the light was facing up `` group ! i beliece thats something that you guys can add for later ... on the other hand what i needed was an already made app from which i can address different actions to my blink(1)(like your presentation video) ... but i saw that theres only a twitter app (blinking in white only ?) and a music color changer..... : (. so i wish someone comes out fast with developing an app that you can do some stuff like your presentation without having to write a code by yourself...
hi winston, that's frustrating.  could you please take a picture of the box, packing list, and any other info and email it to "blink1 at thingm.com" so we can ask our fulfillment house what is up.  thanks.
received mine today but there was only 1 sent in the package. however, i paid for 6 of them, so please correct this and send me the other 5 blinks.
received mine today! the blink1-tool works perfectly, going to give into the source code in a bit :) you guys need to release a multi-blink, as i have a need for a panel of at least 32 computer-controllable lights...
got mine today (in san francisco). thanks!
" blink(1) can be programmed with the arduino ide. we will include example hacks of how to turn the blink(1) into a usb keyboard and mouse emulator." ok, so what arduino device type do we use? will you be releasing an arduino c++ lib for it or do we need to create one based on reading schematics? i'm also curious how an output device like blink(1) can be used as an input device (keyboard/mouse).  what do you envision for this functionality? otherwise - thanks.
while i understand you had good intentions and maybe focused (too much) on the notebook use case, in practice it's backfiring big time for everyone else with monitors or other types of usb ports. on newer dell monitors (that have the usb with opaque side facing the user) i can't even see when it's on, as the opaque metal plaque blocks the light entirely. luckily i use also an old dell monitor that has the usb ports inverted, so on this particular monitor i can plug and still see through the semi-translucent side. far from being too bright though, so don't really understand the need for a metal plaque. +1 for a blink1 without opaque sides. or at least a reversible case. love the concept and execution of the device itself, but the case was a letdown. will try the 3d models.
success... i wrote a shell script to continually search a web page for a word (like up) and the set blinkm to green. else set the color to red (word not found). i will post the code soon. such a neat tool. maybe i should order 3600 more.
p.s. at work, not only do i not have a wall, but it points directly at my coworker who sits at an angle to me. thus it doesn't shine in my eyes, but it does shine in his :)
hi dave, good idea about a reversible case, we will look into it.  for my desktop windows box i use a 6' male-to-female extension cable to bring the blink(1) out from behind the computer and over the edge of my desk.  (if i was in a cubicle, i'd run it out to the edge of my cube and use blink(1) as a "i'm busy" indicator :-) -=tod
@thingm, much like chris, i have mine plugged into a dell 2410. at work, i have an hp of some sort that i can't recall at the moment. the trick is that in neither location do i have a wall near the monitor for the light to reflect off of. and because the monitors are on the larger side, the blink(1) is largely in my peripheral vision, and set back slightly, so it is difficult to make out without leaning over. i did notice that i could pop my blink(1) open, but it appears that the enclosure is not reversible. maybe on the next iteration that could be done?
yup, the opaque metal side is supposed to be facing up.  this is so the led doesn't blind you while you use the laptop, since it seemed like we were always getting blinded by leds! but we also designed the enclosure so you can take it apart and modify it. one way to modify it is to make your own on a 3d printer, using the cad files we've updated to thingiverse:    http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:36849/ another way is we've done a small run of clear bottom parts, similar to this one:   http://www.flickr.com/photos/todbot/8040937964/ that we'll be offering in our store soon.
@joe heitzeberg: jared zimmerman on july 9: "wouldn't it be brighter if the top panel was made of the same material?" creator thingm on july 9: "hi jared,  yes it would be brighter, but then it would actually be too bright for laptop use (blinding you in the eye) and there wouldn't be much light coming out the edges which is more useful for server farm or embedded use."
now i'm confused...seems like most (all?) of the product demo photos have the opaque side facing up when plugged into laptops.  is that by design?    i do wish it had no opaque sides at all.
my blink(1) is face-down plugged into my macbook air (13-inch, late 2010) would it be face up on a newer macbook air?
am i the only one still waiting?
the first is a dell latitude e6410 and the 2nd is a dell u2412 24" monitor -- the side usb ports.
chris & dave, that's a bummer.  what devices are you hooking it up to?  we'd like to get an idea of the host computers used with blink(1). the usb spec has recommendations for jack orientation so there's a consistent way devices plug in.   but having said that, we did have to optimize for one particular orientation, and we chose the one that worked on all the laptops and servers we had access to.  (the laptops were 4 vintages of macbooks, 2 different dell laptops, a sony, and an older thinkpad; the servers were generic clone 1u & 2u units) to address your issue, while it's not a particularly clean one, monoprice as some pretty cheap & small extension cables to let you rotate around the blink(1), like this one: http://www.monoprice.com/products/email_friend.asp…
@ dave mankoff, i've got the same thing, the opaque side is either face down or facing away for all devices i connect to :(
received my blink(1) yesterday. generally a great product, but there is one major drawback i discovered - it faces backwards on every device i've hooked it up to. that is to say that the opaque backing faces towards me and i have a hard time seeing and distinguishing the color. i was hoping that i could leave it plugged into the side of my desktop monitor, but it seems as though that won't work. (i've tried three different monitors, and they all have it facing away from me!) is it at all possible to at least put some sort of window in the opaque backing, or to turn it around in the future?
got mine today. tested with the various test app you guys got and it's working great! thanks :), can't wait to try the ifttt stuff :)
got my blink(1) tonight and it appears to be working well.  will be great to have ifttt going but until then, i hacked a quick osx network monitor using a script i found online. here's a video of the script in action:  http://www.youtube.com/watch… glows red for data download and green for upload. try it yourself 1. get the script here - https://gist.github.com/4256472 2. make it executable: sudo chmod 777 blink_osx_network_monitor.sh 3. run it:  ./blink_osx_network_monitor.sh en0 (note the param is the interface name) done! note:  it's just a quick 'n dirty hack, probably buggy and inefficient.
hi dick, the web api is for the blink1control gui app for mac & windows that will be released this friday.  it also happens to host a local webserver so you can submit json rest queries to control blink(1).  until then if you want, someone just wrote a node.js blink(1) library: https://npmjs.org/package/node-blink1
got my blink(1) today. works fine from command line tool. looking at docs, i am confused as to how the web api is supposed to work. which port is blink(1) listening on? is there a server i am supposed to install?
so far i like this little usb nub.   i was just wondering when we might see the ifttt channel.  i never knew about ifttt till you guys talked about it and after setting up an account it looks really cool.  anyways just wondering if this channel for the ifttt is ready and i dont know how to use it or if i should stay quite longer till y'all get it ready.
hi rob, the windows builds have been updated and verified to work on windows 7 64-bit , so try downloading them again. thanks, -=tod
ymilord, that's no good. send us an email at blink1 at thingm.com and we'll send you out a replacement.  we'd like to check out the bad one to see why it died, so we'll send you mailing instructions for it too. rob, we've noticed build problems on the windows apps, we're looking into it now and will post updated download links shortly.
i got my set of blink(1)'s today. love the packaging :) but i think the second unit is having a issue with the red led. using the colorpicker tool for os x, if i pick anything with red in it, it flickers on and off (kinda randomly). any other color it stays lit with no problems. the other unit is working like a champ, already playing around with command line tools tagged teamed with geek tools. oh man this is going to be fun :p
got my 2 blink(1) units in today, they work great on the mac, but i am having an issue with most of the software tools on windows 7 64-bit.  when trying to launch blinkatweet, i get an error which said javaw.exe cannot be found.  i do have the latest 64bit version of java installed
got mine, works great. sending boxes with magnetic flaps to geeks is almost cruel though. i feel like i'm five years old, i got a new toy, but i haven't stopped playing with the box it came in yet...
thanks for the quick response and the replacement. would the defective unit be of any value to you for quality analysis?
hi paul, it sounds like one of the led elements in your blink(1) is bad.  (which is distressing because we had a testing step specifically to weed out those) we've arranged a replacement blink(1) to be shipped to you.  you should receive it in a few days.
@paul i don't speak for thingm but it doesn't sound like your unit is ok. mine shows red, green, and blue for those commands. you can also try blink1-tool --play 1 and it should go through a quick color sequence, then fades in and out red, green, blue, white, then starts again.
i got my blink(1) today and tested it with blink1-tool-win. when i ran this in a command prompt window: blink1-tool --rgb 255,0,0 blink1-tool --rgb 0,255,0 the red and green leds came on. but running blink1-tool --rgb 0,0,255 left it dark. i tried other variants and the blue led stayed dark. either there's a bug in the application or this is a defective unit with a bad blue led. any suggestions?
hi.  got my blink(1) today and tried out the simple apps.  works great!  looking forward to the full windows/mac app to play more with this thingm.
got mine today - arizona. looks great. thanks. :)
we don't have the official blink1control mac & windows app quite ready yet.  in about a week or so. for now there are a few toy applications you can play with available here:  https://github.com/todbot/blink1/tree/master/builds for more information about them, see either this readme or the bottom of the latest kickstarter update:  https://github.com/todbot/blink1#readme  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/thingm/blink1-the-usb-rgb-led/posts/363432 and apologies for the delay!  we'll post a kickstarter update about the blink1control app soon.
where can i find the configuration software for win xp? as directed on the box, i went to  http://blink1.thingm.com , and i cant find it anywhere. please help!
got my blink(1)'s today.  i think you should put something more prominent on your web site (and the git hub) explaining that the control program isn't ready yet. i spent some time trying to figure out what to do and the answer is... to wait! :)
awesome! thanks
hi ymilord,  we just published an update answering those questions.  short answer: we've shipped just about everyone, expect them next week, and we're working on getting everyone usps tracking numbers from our fulfillment house. thanks!
any updates on the shipping? are we going to get emails indicating the our items have shipped or tracking numbers?
wow.
thanks for sending 3600. but i just ordered one :)
yup!  we've sent out 3600 so far.   but our fulfillment house had a delay in shipping materials so they'll only start mailing out to everyone on monday.  (sigh)
look like a war started on here :d. beside those 1200 did you guys ship out some more yet?
i second doktar.   i'd also pick up a couple extras that were cosmetically challenged.  thanks for the detailed update(s).
they have no reason to do that -- you are pretty much the only one i have a problem with at the moment.  :-)  i certainly don't think they'll allow you to sit there and try to bully me in the manner you're attempting to now and trying to use them to do so.
@thingm i am willing to cover whatever txag99 pledged so that you may refund him and ban him from the project. sincerely, roo
thank's thingm  keep up the good work. i even dusted off an old  blinkm last week to prepare for the blink(1)..
@everyone: yeah -- don't really care, thanks.  :-)
@txag99 i can't help but enjoy the irony of your speaking about your freedom to complain and not recognizing others' right to comment about your complaint. in any case you can see how many projects i have backed, 1 month delayed (assuming they ship soon) is about as good as any other project on kickstarter.
@doktor - do not delude yourself into thinking i care what you think about me because i do not. also, i am entitled to speak freely here and not listen to the *trash*.  i tend to filter out the garbage really fast. and i didn't read anything else you posted because like i said, i couldn't care less about what you say.  :-)
@thingm: is there any chance of offering cosmetic/mechanical rejects at a lower price?  that is, things like the blemishes you posted, or maybe the usb connector doesn't fit quite right (but the electronics are still fully functional)?  i'd love to get my hands on something like that :d @txag99: (1) i thank you for your service to our country; however, that does not *entitle* you to anything -- respect is earned, not deserved, and your last two posts aren't very deserving of respect (granted, those you are replying to aren't necessarily, either). (2) remember, you are/were fighting for freedom -- and that includes freedom of speech, which evaristo and brandon are exercising! (3) you do need to remember though that the *estimated* delivery dates on the rewards are just that -- estimated.  they ran into production issues and had to resolve some things... they've also just posted an update that should hopefully assuage your concerns.
@"evaristo" -- go jump in a lake.  i could not care less about whatever it is you have to say and i still will not be lectured by you or anyone else.  i don't know who you think you are but i am an oif veteran...i don't have to put up with stuff like this from people like you. also, telling people to "get over it" and the rest of the trash you wrote is very disrespectful, so just keep that in mind before you whine about my response.
@txag99 you will be lectured to and you will like it, the updates have had a good frequency get over it. i'm sure you will have your blink(1) soon enough. good god what has gotten into people lately. thanks thingm for all the hardwork you have put into this for all of us we greatly appreciate and i hope you all had an awesome gobble gobble day. roo
awsome ! can't wait 'til i get my blink (1).. have great ideas to implement this device into my qnap nas services :)
@brandon: i do not need to be lectured by you or anyone else about how "kickstarter is not a store", thanks.
which coast did you sent 1,200 blinks to? east or west?
txag99, you have to remember kickstarter is not a store. it is a process for bringing an idea to life using crowd sourced funding. in doing so, delays are expected. every new product goes through similar delays on its way from idea to store shelf. thingm has been upfront about every delay and personally i find the amount or project transparency refreshing.
just wanted to say i've loved reading your (what i believe to be) appropriately spaced updates. i know you've all put a lot of hard work into this project and that it was likely more challenging than expected. i'm super impressed that you were able to stick it out while still paying so much attention to quality. i can't wait to receive my blink(1)!
uhhh...they have not responded to the numerous requests in this section for updates. my blink(1) was supposed to ship in october.  it is almost december.  i remain concerned due to the silence lately.
txag99, not sure if you saw but the last update was two weeks ago on nov 7th. no need to get concerned. thingm has kept us informed every step of the way.
well over a month without an update or comment here from thingm -- starting to get slightly concerned here.
i had expected to use these at an event next friday - thought there would be plenty of time... ...but now, it seems they won't ship internationally in time. or?
any news???  when will these start shipping???
does thingm have any coding examples on the web yet? i would like start learning so i can do something useful with the blink(1) is delivered.
can you let us know when you are shipping to the uk... thanks pure
re last comment: sorry, make that "thingm"  i already have a blinkm ...which is busy blinking out how long till the next bus that runs by my house. :)
thanks for the update. you all look as good as the blinkm (take that as a good thing)! :) i'm excited to get mine. i'm going to use it to monitor the status of the chromium os build.
update?
hi brendan, apologies, your messages had been getting filtered by my email client.  you should see a message in your kickstarter inbox. -=tod
not loving the fact that they haven't answered any of my personal messages...
update?
hi karyn, we are working with a fulfillment company to do the actual shipping.  we will ask them about this. hi bao, we will be sending confirmation emails out soon to everyone confirming their address and quantity.  watch for that thanks! -=tod
just wondering if you can put a value & description on the international shipping forms as $0 and sample, otherwise we outside the us will get hit with some import duties.
i need to change my address where the item will ship to? is there anyway to do this now? i thought it was going to ship oct but now delay and i will move by end of oct.
great, thingm. thanks for keeping us informed. in the context of a kickstarter, no news is bad news; please continue giving weekly, honest, and open updates like your most recent. looking forward to getting my blinker!
hi everyone, apologies for the lack of updates, we've been heads down working on the software and dealing with logistics issues.  i'll have a longer update later in the week.  short version: we had a delay with our case maker and a minor component swap to deal with.  we hope to be shipping in late october. thanks for your patience! -=tod
updates?
anything new?...
i only hear crickets breaking the long silence ;)  how about an update? thanks.
any updates on ship date guys? :)
dah lee buh ree.... aarghggaagaha..(guttural zombie sounds)
any news on how the delivery plans are going ? when will we be able to play around with our blink(1)s ?
any particular file format for the 240x240px graphic? .png .gif .something_else?
any particular file format for the 240x240px graphic? .png .gif .something_else?
i feel so stupid right now... thanks..
0.4" * 600 dpi = 240, so 240px x 240px apologies if that wasn't clear.
0.4"x0.4" at 600 dpi whats that in px ._.?
thanks!
yup, we're still on track!  we're posting an update later tonight with some details.
delivery eta still ok?
although i live in japan, i forget to add the $15 of international shipment in the case of pledge.  if it can do, you would like to pay by addition, but how is it all right if it carries out?
just upped my pledge to $55 for 2 blink(1) units.  since they can take multiple events at the same time, and if i keep each event to one of the r, g, or b colors, that effectively gives me 6 notification lights
@thingm: just a little reminder for the international backers. please put the receipt on the outside of the package so that customs will pass the tax payments to the respective delivery company.
looking to test the blink(1) in a call centre / help desk set up... integrating with a shoretel phone system to show on call status... also link back to ip monitor applications to show critical server status.... integrating with service desk stats to clearly demo the environment status... lots of options...
on the other hand, having 32 bytes would enable us to use human-friendly names instead of id's... :)
hehe.. i meant bits - the size of the ipv4 address pool should be big enough..
@svenne: 32 bytes are 256 bits with 1.15*10^77 possible states and the possibility of addressing 115 quattuorvigintillion different devices. ;-) ;-) but you are right, blink(1) definitely needs an id system.
please make sure one can write (and read) some custom id-string to each (say 32 bytes), so that multiple blink1s on a usbhub can be autoassigned each for the right job... alternatively an unique device-id would suffice..
sounds great, but which atmel microprocessor are you going to use?
everyone who's asked for a survey in these comments, should have received a message from kickstarter with the link.  if not, send us a kickstarter message. all these ideas about blink(1) uses are great!  we love them.  chris, i think your auto in/out board is totally do-able, just have a computer with a bluetooth module in sniff mode and watch for bluetooth ids on the phones. tim, you'll definitely be able to use the blink(1) to store and read arbitrary data in its eeprom (up to 500 bytes data!)  so you can use it to save config values for servers (e.g. have them check blink(1) on startup) and similar uses. alex,  we've tried a pcb-based usb plug and found that even with a thicker pcb, the connection to the usb jack wasn't as reliable as a real plug.  this sucks because a pcb jack version would be a little smaller.  to make it reliable, we needed a stamped metal tray for the pcb to sit in, and once we start going down that path, it's easier to use a certified jack component. matt, our components are coming from all over. the chips are coming directly from atmel, the leds from our led supplier, the passives from our fab house who sources most of them from digikey.  when we start shipping blink(1)s we'll provide a bom with digikey part numbers. for those wondering about light output wanting something different, we're designing the case to be snap-together two-piece with a replaceable opaque top.  you''ll be able to snap off the top and put an alternate clear top you can make with a makerbot or shapeways.  we'll provide stls for cases so you can mod them up.
here is an idea i was thinking for our environment.. maybe someone can point out some yes/no/what are you thinking and such type ideas to this: have a 16 port usb hub set up (which would be plugged into a common front office computer)..  grab 12 of these (the # for our office staff that have smart phones) somehow light up red when it doesn't see the smartphone in the office and green when they are in the office. an automatic in/out board really.  this way the receptionists would know right away if they are here or not..  no more forgetting to mark yourself out.  as long as you take your phone with you and not forget it. i'm probably dreaming... ?
hi, do you plan on creating a cheaper version for hardware hacking? for example you could replace the usb plug with just a usb-pcb (there is a sparkfun eagle library for that) like on very tiny usb sticks. additionally you could replace the housing with a transparent shrink tube to save additional cost. if a single usb light would cost 15$ i would order one for every headless embedded linux device we are selling to the customer as a standard status display. are you using a attiny with usb-v? looking forward to getting my hands on a blink(1), alex
please resend survey - thanks.
i didn't get the survey, please resent.
as you said in the last project updated, you are developing windows and mac software, that's good.  but please don't forget linux users and especially linux user interface and not just some obfuscated command line tool.
need to have survey message re-sent please
need to have the survey  message re-sent, please.
audrino support?
very excited about this.  would be great if it let me know when i had an incoming lync (work) call or im.  great idea! will spread the word.
yeah would be really nice of you to give the cost reduction due to more volume back to the backers. but still i'm fine with it the way it is atm.
a little feedback- $30 seems like a bit much, though i understand the getting started cost. but still, would be nice to get 5 for $25. also, they actually seem kinda oversized, especially when compared to the micro bluetooth adapters you can find nowadays... otherwise, this sounds great :d
how about using it as an uptime measure - very slow fade from red to green perhaps over a day?  could also do some cool stuff modulating the output to transmit data or saving details in the eeprom on chip - i.e using it for data logging
looks great!  @thingm: you said the electronics design is done. are you able to publish blink(1)'s (beta) circuit diagram ???
this looks awesome; can't wait to hook this up to a raspberry pi.
simple, yet brilliant! just curious, can you reveal where the components are being sourced from... digi-key, mouser electronics, someone else?
thanks for the fast reply. i upped my pledge accordingly :)
hi benjamin, yes, any early bird backers who want multiples, just edit your pledge amount to reflect the multiple you want (2*25=50, etc.) and we'll keep track of it. when we start getting towards shipping we will be sending confirmation messages to every backer verifying quantity and shipping address.  thanks!
will the early bird backers be able to buy multiple blink(1)s?
i cant wait for the finished product
i guess all those caltech connections are useful after all.  can you publish the (beta) usb control protocol or linux driver for it ahead of time?
hey guys, is it possible to open the unit up to change the type of leds?
less than 3 days, and done
really cool project - i too are slightly scared of getting kidnapped in the night, so i decided to support it as well, even without having heard the vocal threat ;)
love this. + good luck!
i backed this so i wouldn't be kidnapped in the night. tod's sales techniques are persuasive.
really excited for this one guys! youll have no problem at all hitting 500% of your target goal with this one i hope it comes with some easy default widgets for gmail etc where we dont have to muck around with stuff unless we want to get complex
hi guys, i can't wait to use this! any chance it will be able to interface with a blinkm maxm?
hi jared, yes it would be brighter, but then it would actually be too bright for laptop use (blinding you in the eye) and there wouldn't be much light coming out the edges which is more useful for server farm or embedded use.
hi trung, we will be releasing some preliminary source code in the coming weeks. we definitely would appreciate feedback on how you'd best like to work with blink(1).
you mentioned it's open source. where can we find the source code? also, how can we get started? is there a sdk so we can start thinking of how to integrate blink(1)?
wouldn't it be brighter if the top panel was made of the same material?
i'm going to own a thingm somethingm real soon! yay!
blink on, little led.
so excited about this! i love the blinkm, and this will make it so much simpler to interface an led with the internet.
