hi! i never received smart letters, how can i get it?
hi jessica, your comment is really interesting, are you a teacher? it could be great if you could help us by doing the right sounds for uk phonics, could you write us on our email : contact@marbotic.fr so we could discuss about it by skype or phone. best,
hi thanks for replying. i meant uk phonics with regards to the individual letter sounds as that is how they are taught in uk schools. your current uk version does not match that so is a bit unhelpful for very young children just learning the letters.
hi jessica, no, we did not plan to make a phonics uk version. t would be impossible because the screen would be too small to allow the recognition of the wooden pieces. all the best, déborah.
are there plans for a phonics uk version?
@bibbycyf: yes, we are working on it, should be okay starting tomorrow! all the best, marie
i want to use my smart letters apps on my ipad pro,plz update that.
@beau : so happy to read your kind comment ! we hope your son will love them too :) all the best marie
received my package in australia yesterday, i couldn't help myself and had a play with them and it looks and works great.. can't wait to share this with my son.. friends think it's great as well cheers beau
thanks i got my package today too. :)
yay! just got my package in the mail today! just in time for christmas, it's all wrapped up now for my lil guy! thanks for keeping your promise and getting it out to us in time! (i was starting to worry last night!)
@luca - i just made a private message for you :)
@jing tan, thank you so much for your kind comments !! it really means a lot to us. sweet christmas to you and your 2 girls
hi guys, received my package this week. first impression, nice packaging, well design and built and more importantly, the letters and numbers work well with the app. all wrapped up and under the christmas tree for my 2 girls.
can we get the tracking number of the shipping? thanks
@creator i hope your app will be able to read my kid's names as they are kinda unique.
hi sharon ! thank you for your comments :)  we are very happy to see that you enjoyed alphamonster! for the app vocabubble, we know the problems and we are still working on it to improve of course.  by the way, we went to a school today and we saw the problems of use with children.  for the third app, we plan to finish a first version to write words on monday :) and we will work on it to create a great app for january which could read the words when you write it. thank you again for your support and your comments, we will keep you informed on kickstarter for the apps updates ;)
receive mine today!!! but the app vocabubble always makes mistakes and the app will suddenly shut down too. the other app is great, we had so much fun fighting for letters!!! and my 18 month girl try to follow all the sounds of the letters!!! hope the rest of the apps will be ready soon for more fun!!! btw, are we suppose to download the paid version or the free version?? what's the difference between the paid app and the free app??
thank for the quick reply. my kids enjoy it very much.
hi hyde, great news! you are one of the first backers receiving it ;) thank you for the feedback, we noticed it last week, it's a problem in the app, we resolved it and we are waiting from apple to submit the new version. so, it will be available next week. the other 2 apps are coming before christmas too! hope you enjoy the smart letters :)
dear marbotic, i have received the smart letter. thanks. i need to feedback about the issue that i found. the letter "e" is read as "d" letter. not sure whether it was a hardware issue or software issue. please advice. thank you.
hi joslin, yes, your order is complete. we start shipping next week!
i pledged early so we could have it for christmas. is everything in order or have i missed a step? i am having a little trouble knowing if my order was completed.
@creator i've tried again but still didn't manage to do it. have send u step by step of what's happening when i fill up the form in backerclub, please take a look and advice. thanks.
dear sharon, we just answered to you on backerclub. you need to let your pledge the same way, we'll adjust your packing list according to your exact order. all the best
@creator i'm having problem filling up backerkit. any help? have sent you a pte msg. thanks.
dear anne, don't worry, we are completely on time. you will recieve the survey asking for your address at the end of next week. meanwhile, the 300 smart letters boxes are finished. the shipping date is still scheduled for december 1st. all the best marie
hey! i did not receive any email from you requesting my address as yet! we need the product for our little girl for christmas...we pledged on time for it! please do not forget us!
congratulation :)
hi, congrats on a successful ks campaign! just checking in to see what the eta on receiving the letters and numbers in australia? cheers beau + blake - who i'm sure will love this :)
great thanks! i had already backed at the very beginning and got a super early bird :) very excited about your product!!!
juliette, yes you can play in 4 languages : english, french, german, and spanish. this way your kid can learn the abc in all these 4 languages :) if you want to back, beware, only 2 hours left ! all the best
hello, i was wondering of the games could be played in both french and english? thanks a lot and congrats on a great product!
i have backed the 3x smart numbers and 3x smart letters. is it possible to get the smart numbers immediately instead of waiting for letters production run or maybe just the apps? teachers are anxious to use what they can now. thanks.
hi icelf! thank you for your pledge :) no there is no problem if you have a screen protector, we never noticed it. all the best!
looks cool ,  question do screen protector interfere with them ?
thank you sharon ! :) 2 more backers since we published this update !
just shared on facebook since u got more set for christmas!!!
hi, at the end of the campaign we will send a survey to ask your address :)
hi i just be pledged but where should i entre my address 。
hi amira, thank you for your pledge! yes you will receive the smart letters on december :) today we have no more than 20 sets available for christmas :)
amira, you are right in time ! you will get it in december
i just be pledged but wanted to make sure that i will still be able to get them in the december shipment. have the first 300 sets been claimed yet?
cool :)
of course they are seyha :) and we will make them with british and american accent!
hi is all app are in english right?
hi luca,  yes the smart numbers are already available in italian :)  for the smart letters we will work on it to add languages for the beginning of 2016!
since i still wanted letters... i have backed for both letters and  numbers. i guess numbers will be already avaiable in italian as is showed in tour shop. isn't it? :) p.s. would be nice to have italian as well for letters! ;)
hi sharon ! yes, smart letters is compatible with all ipads :)
can this be use on ipad mini??
