i got 4 mynts i ordered, but don't come with any others that i jointed the referral program, final flash sales and free engrave replacements. send they to me asap.
i've finally received my order! only five months late, and after an additional lump of import fees that bring the cost to over $100. . . . and...they're useless! surely the most inconvenient remote ever. an almost unusable ios app, units that fail to pair, others that constantly disconnect, others still that connect and pair but don't show up in the app at all. even if everything works as it should and a remote miraculously does connect and pair, the app is useless.  . . worst kickstarter ever, the mynt remote by slightech for ios and android is a waste of money.
just got a message saying you've shipped my order, almost 5 months late but good to hear. except i got a message two weeks ago too, saying you'd shipped my order. and i got a message two months ago, saying you'd shipped my order too. nothing's ever arrived, and the (fake?) tracking numbers given never work. did you really send out an $87 order three times? or are you telling fibs?
still not recieved my $87 order. what lie are you going to try this time? you must have messed things up so badly that you have to sell units on amazon and lie to backers that "we've sent it out, just be patient". why can't you just give me my order?
thank you!
graham, sorry about the mistake. we will email you to compensate you. -leo
i just got the mynt, and it wasn't engraved or the color i was supposed to get.
i had to unpair my mynt after a firmware update, how can i pair it again?
i would send a second email
@graham bowers thank you, but my mail was send out and wait for reply for 3 days.
it takes a while to get a reply, it took me about a day @sc liao
i had send 2 mail to your e-mail address, but no any reply.
we have shipped every order, please email amyhuang@slightech.com for tracking number.
numbers*
the weekend is over. tracking numers, please!
i'm also waiting for my tracking number yet, but no response received.
waiting on my tracking information
lmao actually give me my stuff
"let us know" i've let you know, countless times since december that i haven't received my order, and as you refuse to give me the tracking number for the supposed shipment, it's impossible to track down (even though the burden lies with you). so, i'm telling you again. i have not received my order.
@graham bowers - yes, they did say that didn't they. yet still nothing. it's just lies. they just lie, for months and months, lies and promises and 'please be patient' or 'by the end of the week' or 'we shipped in december'. slightech are kickstarter scammers who take units backers paid for and sell them on amazon.
stop lying. my order was not shipped in december. i have messages from you in february saying you'd ship 'by the end of the week'. ok, so what was the tracking number? why didnt you tell me you'd shipped, or give me the number? if you actually have a tracking number, give it to me so i can track it down? you didn't ship. i backed you with $87 to help you make this, and you wont give me my order?! you're selling units on amazon that i paid for. thieves and liars. this is fraud.
if you can't find it they said they would be more than happy to send you another @andy
strange how you say my order was shipped in december, when i have messages from, you sent during february, asking me to be patient and that you'd send out my order 'by the end of the week'. you're constantly lying and asking for another week to sort things out.
do not try to lie your way out of this. my order was not shipped. give me the tracking number if it was.
i have not received any tracking number. please send asap.
@catherine moon the current version works with windows powerpoints. please take a video and show it to everybody. :)
@jaydeep dhaduk ifttt is completed, it will come out with the next update.
@lenore  your extra is shipped. thank you for the support.
@roy your extra is shipped, tracking number in message.
@sc liao @graham bowers the blue mynts are here, you will have them in the mail soon.
@daniel thorwart your order was not shipped, it will be on its way this weekend.
@andy we have shipped your order in december, and the usps tracking number showed that it was delivered to the address you listed. please check with your post office, your living mates, or your neighbor. if you could not find the package, we will be more than happy to ship you the order again. let us know.
report them.
quite simply a bunch of fraudsters and conmen, stealing money from backers. obviously they've given up even trying to cover their tracks with messages and replies about orders being lost in transit, that excuse could only last so long so....silence. i'm resigned to never getting these mythical mynt remotes, or seeing my money again. hopefully i can use this to warn others though. slightech is a scam. they took money from kickstarter (and indiegogo) backers so they could manufacture these remotes. but instead of giving backers their orders, slightech scammed everyone and sold their orders on amazon, adding another layer of fraud to things slightect promised people free remotes if they left 5-star reviews before they received their order!. those fraudulant 5-star reviews were an attempt to hide the multiple 1-star reviews from people disgusted with a useless keychain and an app with all the functionality of a corpse's respiratory system. people of the future, searching for information about mynt remotes or slightech, beware! they're scammers, thieves, liars, fraudsters, and probably bed-wetters.
i gave you $87 in backing........give me my remotes! months of patience, and broken promise after broken promise. this is just too much. you're selling on amazon without fulfilling your commitment to your backers. we helped you, we trusted you. you've stolen our money. thieves. all this rubbish about tracking numbers is lies. if you had shipped with tracking numbers, you'd have told us and given us the tracking info, why else pay for tracking. you didnt ship! if these orders were lost in transit, the tracking info would have solved the issue and it would be sorted by now. weeks to "dig out" tracking numbers?! try cmd+f!! you didnt ship!! lies. thieves. scammers.
how long do you need, to send out the tracking numbners? i want to know, where my mynts are.
i didnt receive my mynts too, why dont inform me the tracking number, if you shipped out?
what's the status of the blue mynts? if they've been sent out, i haven't received mine.
well if you shipped why didnt you inform me, and give me the tracking info at the same time? what use is the tracking info to me? i dont care about anything other than my order. you owe me $87.
andy, we have mailed out all orders for our supporters a while ago. we are digging out our receipts now and will provide tracking numbers to people like you who didn't receive our package. thanks!  leo
give me my order!! i gave you $87 and helped you succeed. it's disgusting that you're selling on amazon when you haven't had the courage to give you original backers and funders their orders.
i honestly feel like y'all scammed us
sure, we will look at the tracking numbers for all folks who said no receiving mynts.
can you get mine also please?
andy, we have shipped mynts to all of our supporters. we did receive a few emails from customers like you saying you didn't receive mynt. we are digging out our post office receipts to get the tracking number for you guys now. please give us a couple days.
has anyone actually received their remotes? i'm beginning to suspect this is either horribly managed, or a scam.
hi, i am still waiting for the promised 5 replacement battery and a waterproof sleeve as per your update 4 last 30th oct 2015: mynt: deft remote for smart devices by slightech update #4 for backers only. oct 30 2015 how to claim the $58 for 4 mynt reward updated instruction 0 comments   like  2 likes i apologize for the confusion. the original instruction does not really work. please follow the current instruction: (1)https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/930513053/mynt-nimble-remote-for-smart-devices (2) select manage your pledge. (3) add $58 to your original amount. (4) viola, you now have 4 more mynt of each color, 5 replacement battery, and a water proof sleeve.
i would like my tracking number also.
i am still waiting for my mynts, show me the tracking number asap.
where's my mynt?
any update on my mynt. i received few delivery expectations and till now nothing clear. please send update.
when are we getting ifttt?
by chance, any updates on the windows pc compatibility? since my mynt does not work super well on my phone, i'm waiting for the windows...
@ahmad: at least you got something. @slightech: still waiting. could you please send some information, when we will get our mynts?
my order was supposed to have a blue mynt and it didn't, and i was supposed to have it engraved, also missing.... wtf?
anything new about the orders with blue mynts? could you please send my tracking number?
can i have my tracking number please?
tes?
@ jaydeep dhaduk: tes
@ dennis: let me check you tracking number
@ amin maalouf: let me check your tracking number
@ agnes law: hi, they are already shipped. we only have several blue mynt orders on hold. 95% of the orders are shipped.
can someone please tell me when will the mynt be shipping in the us?
got charged nearly £14 at customs... just hope the mynt lives up to my practical expectations!
still waiting for my mynt... any update???
still haven't received any of my mynts in europe. still got no answer to my last 2 requests.
still haven't received any of my mynts in nyc
now that all the shipping is done. do we have any updates on ifttt?
@tom your tracking number at usps is 9200190174242300004477 for any future inqury, please send a ticket to support@slightech.com and pr@slightech.com
i have ordered 2 of these - i am a backer club member - and even ordered from amazon and received that - gave a review - i have not received mine
we have already shipped the majority of the mynt orders. as for the backers with engraving option, the wait will be a little longer. the engraving process at the factory is very slow. if you are ok to skip this step, and do it on your own, we will put in waterproof sleeves and extra batteries as replacements. mynt is very flat and easy to engrave by any local watch/jewelry shop. for the orders that are not yet shipped, we have a shortage of blue mynts. if it is ok to ship your order without blue mynts, but with other color, let me know. please check your order status, this only applies to the orders that have not been shipped out.
got no mail for my shipping details to europe. will there be one soon?
@catherine moon it is within the next update or one one after that. we plan to have it completed before the ces show in january.
by chance, is there any status update on the windows pc compatibility?
@sc liao we will ship the rest of the order (yours included) this week. about one half and two-thirds of the orders are already shipped out.
@chris berry, please update the app to the most current version. please also disable the anti-virus app in relation with mynt. the issue of crashing is usually due to other apps on the phone shutting mynt down.
app keeps crashing. tried reinstalling, restarting nothing works. suggestions?
had all the mynts been ship out? no shipping details appeared.
hi team, got no mail for my shipping details to europe. will there be one soon? can't wait for my mynt :)
is there going to be a tracking number?
@hesham shaban it is getting started. where is the delivery by drone service when we need it. :)
how are things going with delivery?
enter reocam4c it will take $10 off the price. link to amazon page:  http://www.amazon.com/mynt-smart-tracker-remote-separation/dp/b017qml97w/ref=sr_1_1…
@fai chow i included the color choice in the survey unless it is one of the rewards with preset color choice. the 4 mynt reward will have one of each color. you can message me your preference.
@pierre belanger for those purchased the engraving, please message me your text. it should be no longer than 50 characters or 2 lines of text. mynt is tiny. we will probably be able to accommodate your text if it is between 50~60 characters.
i just completed you survey, but there were no color survey.
i'm lost... i completed the survey but i didn't see how to add the engraving option?  will that come later?
@meredith collins  i have received your email. cheers.
@seow wan yi i am figuring out if kickstarter will continue to allow purchase, otherwise, i am putting up a link to our purchase site soon.
@sunil kirshnani i will send out a survey today.
@ahmad rafie the limit is about two lines of text, and 50 characters. mynt is small, so we can probably engrave name + phone number, and address if it is short.
@thomas kozak i will send out a survey today.
@catherine moon we are almost there with controlling windows pc. the update is comming soon.
pledged for two mynt devices, believing that the windows pc compatibility issue will be solved soon!  excited / looking forward to the development!
should we be seeing a color survey soon?
@creator hello, i added the engraving fee for my pledge and was wondering what the limit is for the engraving and who to talk to about that
i would like the ninja colour, with a engraving of "raja" and have paid for the reseting and the waterproof seal.  as there was no survey sent across.  please can you do the needful.  thanks
hi, i'm late to the party. i guess the $58 pack of 4 offer is now over? i'd like a total of 2 mynt and 2 waterproof sleeves. would like a silver and an ocean blue, can i back at the $38 level and add $15 for the color and the sleeve?
@creator awesome idea to encourage sharing with friends by offering an extra mynt! thank you! and done! i sent the screenshot to the given email. you have an excellent marketing team!
@sharon it depends on the environment. the alarm will pop up, the sound will depend on your setting. if you are in an enclosed room with solid barriers, the bluetooth signal will be weaker, thus the alarm will pop up sooner than if you are in open space. if you put mynt in a wallet inside a backpack inside your room, while you are outside of the room, the signal range will be much shorter than if mynt is attached to your keychain in an open space. however, you should be able to detect mynt in a 30 feet circle even if it is in a wallet inside a backpack.
@catherine moon we are making mynt compatible with windows computers. it is planned to have mynt connectable with windows phones, but we are making it work on windows computers first. one mynt can be connected to one device only. however, you can change the connected device through the app. so, you have guessed it right, disconnect and then switch through the app, which will take no more than one minute of your time.
i noticed that the list of supported systems is mac os x, ios, android. does this mean it is not compatible with windows computers? (e.g. as a presentation clicker).  also, how many devices can it link to at once? (e.g., can you use it as a music player for your phone and presenration clicker for your computer at the same time, or do you have to disconnect and switch devices everytime?)  thank you!
@creator sorry to be asking this kinda question so late into the campaign as kickstarter have just "unlock" my account back to me....... i have been "locked" out for more than a week..... nearly cancel my pledge for being locked out...... question: if i use this as a tracking device, how far can it be away from my smartphone without the alarm sounding?  if i hide the device in a bag pocket, will the tracking still work?
@creator thank you for your understanding and generosity!
@ manuel weber: yes, we are working on that.
@ meredith collins: we will include something extra in your reward. perhaps a mynt/kickstarter t shirt and water proof sleeve.
hello. can you install german language for the next mynt phone app update?
@creator, yes my order is correct now @ the $20 pledge level, but i was at $18 to get the black one and got booted out (in other words, my pledge was changed without my knowledge). that is the issue i was having. sorry for the complicated explanation before.
@ meredith collins: your order will work. it is correct, don't fret about it. cheers.
sorry, another glitch, i'm not sure how that $58,9 and the break got entered. it looked fine when i proofread my message. thanks again for listening.
@creator, something slightly glitchy is going on. i am not sure if it is on kickstarter's end or yours. at first, i followed the original update and chose the $1 pledge and added $58 to it for the current "special".  then you changed the way to pledge the $58 (which made more sense), so yesterday, there was one opening in thje $18 category. i picked it and added the $58 for the "special" bonus. so my pledge total was $81.when i was checking my pledges tonight it had been moved back to the $1 pledge plus the $58,9  obviously without my doing. now i can no longer secure the $18 spot i originally had. this is both very confusing (as my pledge has never just switched like that) and disappointing. i know the next level is only $2 more, but i would have preferred the ninja to the silver for my original pledge. thank you for taking the time to listen, i needed to express/vent my discombobulating feelings :/. i think you have a great product, it just make me sad to get kicked out of the level i pledged at.
@willaim yang installing the free app is all you need.
@1 the shipping cost is $25 because the tracking cost $14 flat for all international shipping. without it, we have no way of securing the shipping. we can mail your pledge with $15 shipping cost, but you have to send a message agreeing that we will not be responsible and liable to send an replacement of the original is lost in shipping.  here is the instruction: change your original pledge to the $1 reward, add $15 to your original amount for shipping, and send us a message including your address, and an signed agreement/wavier saying you will not hold us liable if the package gets lost on the way. alternatively, the $175 and up rewards have free international shipping. some other rewards have subsidized shipping.
@creator - as majority of the backers have stated the international shipping is too high. i think you've got a promisiing product that i need and want to support to the end but $25 shipping for a product that easily fits into an envelope and weighs absolutely nothing is bogus considering my pledge is for $18 for the mynt. majority the things i've backed are much larger and much heavier with a $10 postage price. will most likely have to drop pledge like everyone else as i just can't justify paying this much for postage.
what sort of set up will it need?
@nick thanks for your support.
@jaydeep dhaduk which part of the video are you referring to? i am not clear about your comment. if you have found any bug, please send an email to support@slightech.com we update the app constantly for adding more functions. if you have found a bug, we will fix it.
so i looked at the videos closely and it seems to be a little glitchy. how close are you guys to fixing all the bugs? or is it going to be worked on after the campaign.
dropping my first day pledge of 4 for $50 now. good luck on whoever gets it, it's a great deal.
@slightech- thank you. i was excited to support a startup company from my hometown (san jose), but kickstarter has ruined that experience. the address on file will work. i look forward to trying out the mynt prototype and purchasing the mynt through amazon or other channels, just not kickstarter. good luck and i wish you the best.
@nick cancillia glad you are supporting our campaign. i am sad to see you not be able to try out our mynt. i hope you and kickstarter can work out the difference. i will send you a prototype mynt as a gift, so you could try it out. we will be on the open market such as amazon in a few weeks. anyway, message me your mailing address, or i will use the one on file.
@all- i will be dropping my first day pledge of 4 mynt's for $50.  i fully support this campaign, but will no longer support kickstarter. kickstarter continues to allow a group of individuals to break the rules. i have reported these individuals, but to no avail. instead, kickstarter has disabled my account and i can no longer comment on the campaigns i have backed. i had to login through my facebook account and pledge $1 to leave this comment.
@ mboirsbeek: the setup fee is for engraving only. if you do not need engraving, the the fee does not apply. the limit for engraving is 2 lines, and 50 character. it is not a strict limit. however, mynt is tiny, so the surface for engraving is limited.
an you explain to me what the $5, set up is for and do i need to add it for this to work. also if i choose the engraving, how many letters can the engraving be?
@sligtech:  thank you for the answers. happy to hear that. and congratulations for reaching the goal.  @lenore: i think ninja is the black one.
i'm having a bit of trouble picturing the colours. silver, gold and ocean blue are okay but what colour is ninja?
@daniel thorwart yes, you will be able to control other camera apps and music players soon. the action can be customized. we are working on having mynt blink when you receive whatsapp message.  each type of click on an individual mynt currently performs one action, we need good ideas about how to perform more than one action with one type of click, but we are sure it can be done. ifttt can be supported, let's make this an official stretch goal!
i already found the app in the playstore and really like the design, but i have a few questions: - in the app i can choose a music player or a camera. will it be possible to control other camera-apps and music players besides your own (for example the stock camera, deezer or google play music)? or even to use multiple players (one click: play deezer, two clicks: play play music, three clicks: end whatever player is running)? - can i display notifications with the mynt (blinking led when i receive a whatsapp message?) - is it possible to manage more than one action with a click? like if i press the mynt in my car, my phone conects to the car radio, the music starts to play and wifi and auto sync turn off? like joachim and wouter i'd appreciate ifttt (maybe as a stretch goal?)
@slighttech graham bowers
@graham your mynt will be engraved with the text you provided (please message me the text).
i added 10$ to my pledge does that mean i'll get the engraving only?
@ gadgetstorm: we are shipping from ca, us. we balanced the need for security and the need for low cost. if i find a shipping service with the same quality assurance as the current shipper, i will let you know immediately.
creators, regrettably i will have to abandon this pledge as an international supporter if a more reasonable shipping cost is not sourced. correct me if i am wrong, but the item is going to be shipped from hong kong or shenzhen. so, it makes more sense to shipping to asia-pacific countries  at a lower tracked international shipping cost which should not be more than $12 then.  i really think you should look at using different fulfillment centers for different regions to do your shipping, europe for example has a high vat duty, so if the item is shipped from within europe then your european backers will not be slugged with extra costs.
@graham bowers the update comes through app store or google play. we are adding more functions with each update.
@boris panov it connects directly to the phone.
how does it update?
@creator: like joachim i'd appreciate it if you could provide ifttt functionality.
great product, happy to contribute! how does the gps tracker work, is it connected directly to your phone or through your wifi network?
this is an incredible product and design. i'm looking forward to receiving this and giving one as a gift.
@joachim @thomas we are currently developing our own equivalent platform, which may take a few months. however, mynt as a smart platform can connect with other action apps.
@joachim calvert in theory yes. sometimes the connection may be buggy, so we want to make sure it won't be in the hands of users. we have an sdk kit for download if you are interested in building your own connection. it is a great suggestion, and our team will work on this as soon as we can.
@thomas kozak great suggestion, i will refer this to our team and put this as a priority.
will mynt work with tasker?  it will be very useful just with the built-in functions but with tasker support it becomes a super button
@luke the picture for one type of waterproof sleeve is posted in the first update. thanks for the support! if you have questions, feel free to comment. we will answer them on daily basis.
also, any pictures of the waterproof sleeve?
darn, just barely missed the 4 @$50, can you please open some more slots up?
will mynt support interaction with ifttt?
@james the app currently supports connection with 8 mynt. the number will increase soon. we have pre-programmed settings. users can also add customized settings with our sdk kit.
@ sharon: for the rewards that have $20, we are paying the extra $5 to encourage your support, the real cost is $25 and more.
i will be happy to get this as it is better than a remote control and it is like a keychain. how does it work with multiple devices? as far as i see it should be pre-programmed to work with certain devices. does it support more than 1 device at the same time? thanks!
@creator i can't seems to find any logic in ur international shipping charges...... for 1 device is $25 shipping but for 2 device and 4 device the shipping is at $20?? and for 8 device shipping is at $25??? why is 1 device more expensive than 2 or 4 and is the same with 8 device???
@gadgetstorm we are working on finding better logistic solutions. the major problem is with tracking, which cost $14 per shipment. the shipping cost for us is really $25, without including labor and other costs. if we go without tracking, it might be a problem too.
this is awesome campaign and i am happy to donate the campaign.the device which you have lunch in the market is one of the best and easy with the new technology .i wish you all the team for the success.
please source more economical international shipping. for the size and weight of the item, it really shouldn't be too far off $10.
