hello, i want please to change my delivery address due to leaving uk soon. how i can change it please????
how do i know if mine has shipped?
not received yet....my back is painful
product received this morning. just trying it right now, it feels good. thank you very much!
@betterback as of now i am really disappointed in the shipping used by you guys, its been 20 days and the status is stuck at 'dispatched to overseas'. for $15 shipping charge and extra for feb shipment i still havent received my betterback. for $15 i have previously received shipment via dhl within 4 days of ordering.
thanks :)
tzfardaya: yep, you've got that right! we're planning to ship out on the 25th :d
sunny + lim + christian + benedict: hey there!! thanks for your comments:) we've just published an update about this, but your betterback therapys are scheduled to ship out on april 25th! :d hurray!! you should receive an email confirmation as soon as they go out! have a great day and hope you all love your new betterback therapys! :d
@benedict backerkit's "ready to ship" doesn't mean the package is ready, but that they have all the information needed to ship. if you're part of the second shipping group (april shipping) , they've said they're planning to start shipping next week.
hi there! i see that my status is still "ready to ship" for weeks. any updates?
hello, when will you ship betterbacks towards germany?
hi betterback, is there any updates on my items' delivery? thanks, lim
hi there, any updates for my products? thanks, sunny
tommy: hey there!! thanks so much for your comment! you're in the second shipment, which means you're shipping confirmation email hasn't gone out yet — your shipment isn't scheduled to go out until april 25th:) you should receive an email around then, so stay tuned! :d excited for you to get your new betterback therapy and have a great day!!
i didn't received any email, when did you send out???
baba: hi there!! thanks so much for your comment:) you should have already received an email confirmation and your betterback therapy has been shipped out! :) hurray! if you didn't get an email confirmation, you could try checking your junk folder or the email address inbox that's associated with your kickstarter account. :) thanks so much, baba, and let me know if you have any more questions!!
john + tzfardaya: hey there! thank you both tons for your input :) :) i'm certainly not a tax expert, but we're just going by what our fulfillment company is suggesting that we do customs-wise to avoid any issues! in the case of betterback therapy, the value is actually pretty similar to the price sold, since we're giving all of you kickstarter backers a great deal... the "retail price" later on is expected to be much more! duties/vat are definitely more expensive in some countries than others, but we wanted to offer this as a kickstarter extra to all you awesome backers :) have a great day!!
@john value doesn't not equal cost to produce. value is a generic term which in this case is applied to the sales price.  the value of the item for customs is what it cost the customer (us) to buy, not the manufacturer (betterback) to produce, since it is being shipped to the customer.
when are you going to ship my pledge?
you said value. now you say price. they are different. if they were the same profit= zero. but i am not a tax lawyer. if the creator is happy to pay charges levied on delivery, as seems to be the case, i guess they have it costed in the plan. it will be a significant charge and penalty for the uk, which i regret for them. others projects offer other solutions. i look forward to the product very much and hope it is less of a pain. end.
fraud is if you don't list the price you charged the customer on the customs paperwork (higher or lower) in this case the kickstarter pledge level (not necessarily the entire value of the pledge) . it is not fraud to not collect the tax and customs duties, as those vary greatly from country to country. it would be fraud to collect them from the end customer then not forward them to the country in question.
creator: i note you say value, not price.  huge difference. you could do as other kickstarter projects and resolve this to save you money and your backers from significance cost and inconvenience. just trying to help, so sorry if you disagree and prefer to back another view. did i miss the other solution?
@tzfardays  you have that the wrong way round my friend, mixing up the sale price with the cost to produce, which is a fraction of sales price. declaring the value of the item is what is actually asked for. you our customs, not the price a seller might wish (which could be anything). fraud could be failing to pay customs and tax before sending, as this might be considered defrauding the buyer who paid all they were asked but then face hidden penalties and unwarranted inconvenience. your laws may be different i guess though.
tzfardaya: thanks for having our back, you awesome backer you!! :)
john: hey there! thanks for your comment! :) :) what tzfardaya wrote is correct — unfortunately, from what i understand, both us and our fulfillment company are legally obligated to declare the accurate value of the package. but thank you so much for the thoughts... the customs/duties are really a tricky one and we are doing our best to make this as smooth of an experience as possible :) excited for you to get your betterback therapy, john!! hope you have an awesome day :d
@john that's all well and good, but it's also known as customs fraud and can carry a heavy penalty to the shipper if/when caught.
i posted this way back, but might be useful to repeat it in light of comments below: when sending to the uk items, with a stated value of $25 or more on the postage label attracts further tax here on collection of 20 even 40%. this is meant to be paid by the sender. if you are not doing this, other sellers kindly increase the postage charge and decrease the reported item cost (to add to your total real total) so that it is labelled as value of $24 or less. saves a lot of hassle for anyone in the uk, as the item won't be delivered until the post tax and penalty is paid by someone. thanks, john ps i am due mine in shipment 2.
sogetsu: hey there! just sending you a message now with your updated tracking info :)
tzfardaya: thank you so much for your awesome help once again!! have a great weekend :d
steven: hey hey! we are more than happy to refund any customs fees that you had to pay to get your betterback therapy :)! all you have to do is send a receipt to hi@getbetterback.com within 30 days of payment, and we can reimburse you via paypal. thanks so much and have the most wonderful day!!
gillian: hi hi! thanks for your comment. the shipping fee is separate from the customs fees, which each country individually charges and varies quite a bit! that being said, we're more than happy to refund any customs/duties/vat that you had to pay. all you have to do is submit a receipt to hi@getbetterback.com within 30 days of payment, and we can reimburse you via paypal. also, i am so sorry to hear about your therapy pack!! i definitely want to take care of you. mind sending me a quick photo of the damaged therapy pack to hi@getbetterback.com, and we can investigate more and get this taken care of? thank you so much, gillian, and have the most wonderful day!:)
alasdair: hey there!! great to connect :d your betterback therapy is currently scheduled to ship out on april 25th! we just published an update last week with this date and more info if you'd like to read more. thanks so much and have a great day!!
sogetsu: hi there!! thanks for your comment. i do have a notification on my end also that your betterback therapy has shipped, but i'll look into this a bit further to see what's going on with your tracking number and get back to you! thank you so, so much for your patience and have a wonderful day :)
joanna: hey hey! thanks for your comment :) we recently published an update, but right now we're scheduled to begin shipping on april 25th on time! :d let me know if you have any more questions + excited for you to get your betterback therapy!!
no. the 11.61 is the custom.
@gillian you paid shipping yes, you did *not* pay any customs fees or related duties/taxes.
i also charged exactly the same amount  11.61 for the delivery. but i like the better back.
also, the heat/ice pack i got was punctured. please arrange for a replacement, thanks!
they charged me cash on delivery of $11.61. i thought i paid all the postage involved via the pledge already. why am i charged extra?
i'm in the april shipping group. i'm going to be moving from texas to michigan on april 27. i haven't gotten a shipping notification yet. if my package doesn't arrive by april 27, is there a way to change my address? thanks!
hi guys, i have seen anything of this yet.  any ideas when i could be arriving?
feb backer here. i received a shipment notification mail with a tracking number on 4/1, but fedex website shows "this tracking number cannot be found, please check the number or contact the sender. " i'm waiting and waiting, now i feel it's a april fool joke.
@creator any updates on the march/april shipment? when shipping should begin/arrive?
thank you for that shipping date update i will keep a eye out around then.
chs girl: hey there! you are absolutely right — we're selling the first gen version of betterback for $59 on our website and also on amazon :) what's on this kickstarter page is actually a completely different product — betterback therapy, that includes hot/cold therapy, nasa memory foam, comes in two sizes for two different experiences, and tons of other design/usability tweaks to make betterback all that much more comfortable and supportive. :) thanks so much, and let me know if you have any more questions!! have a great day! :)
guruna: hey you! more than happy to help you repack it :) and so, so glad that you're liking it so far!! we actually do have a handy little gif that'll help show you how to repack your betterback therapy: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0bxp9q5e-itngb2h3b3e3zgxisxm/view. thanks so much and have a wonderful day!! :)
tzfardaya: thanks for your awesome help :d :d
butterflyeffect: hey there!! while you can't change your address any more, i can do it for you! just send us a message with your new address (preferably sooner rather than later) and we can get it all sorted out! :) :) thanks so much!!
blizz: hey there!! thank you so much for the feedback and i'm so glad it's working with you :d yep, some people do find the middle clip much more comfortable, and some don't use it at all... it really depends on you individually!! if you'd like to use your betterback therapy without the middle clip, you can try experimenting by moving the back pad up and down your back, or tightening/loosening the straps. :) :) have a great day and let me know if you have any more questions!!
ml: hey there! so sorry for the delayed response, we've receive hundreds of emails from our international backers about vat/duties refunds. we are a super small team and we're doing our very best to get back to everyone as soon as possible!! so stay tuned, we'll be sure to keep in touch! but i'll look into your email just to confirm it for you. thanks so much and have a great day!!
just noticed that amazon is selling the betterback for $59 with prime shipping
i received it. it great !!! but i have a little problem. how to repack it back. it will good if you make video to tell how to repack it. :-d
@butterflyeffect log back in to backerkit and see if your address is locked or not. if it's not, just change it. if it is, then dm the creator and ask them to unlock it.
i just found out that the april deliveries are about to be shipped on 25th of april. i am moving in may, and i would like to change the receiving address if it is possible. can i change it now?
my betterback+ has been comfortable enough 2 use, only quirk is that it seems that it is a must 2 use the middle clip else it would slip down my back/pads off my knees.
hello betterback team, i’ve already sent you two e-mails (on april 2nd and april 7th) regarding a refund of vat and customs duties but i haven’t got any answer from you yet (i’m obviously not counting the automatic reply e-mail). i’m starting to think that i may be unlucky and that my e-mails may have landed into your spam folder, thus explaining why i haven’t got any answer in more than a week… is there any alternative i could use to contact you? for example with a kickstarter private message? thanks! p.s. i’ve received my betterback therapy a few days ago, and i’m already quite happy with it :)
adam: hey hey! what shipping group you're in all depends on what pledge level you backed! you're in our second shipment, which is on schedule to ship out april 25th :) hurray! let me know if you have any more questions!
is there a way to find what shipping group i am in? or will i just get a email with a tracking number. thank you.
jinchul: hurray! so so great to hear this. thank you so much for sharing your feedback, jinchul, and have the best day!! you rock! :) :)
sulaiman: hey there!! thanks so much for your comment :) you should be getting some update emails, maybe check out your junk folder? we just published an update recently with an estimate of shipping out on april 25th! :) :) you should receive an email confirmation as soon as your betterback therapy ships out! let me know if you have any more questions! :d
got my shipment today and i love it! great job team!
hey there! just wanted a delivery estimate on my betterback. i haven't received any emails since the survey!
clare: hi there!! so excited for you to get your betterback therapy and hear what you think!! :)
travis: hey travis! pm'd you yesterday, but in case you don't receive it, your betterback therapy is on track to ship out on time around april 25th. you can grab more details in our most recent update:) thanks so much!!
joseph: hey there! thanks so much for your comment and so glad you received your betterback therapy!! :) again, we are genuinely so, so sorry that you experienced shipping delays. unfortunately, because it takes a different amount of time to ship to different locations around the world, there's not much we can do to ensure that all of the first shipment arrives at the same time. :( again, i am so sorry about the delay, but if it helps you'll still be receiving your betterback therapy 4-7 weeks before the other backers!! i hope this helps, and have a great day!! all the best:)
damian: hi there! thank you so much for the kind words and feedback!! this is one of the best parts about kickstarter and i can sincerely say that the whole team appreciates it :) :)thanks so much for letting us know about the texts instead of emails from our 3pls, we will definitely look into that! i"m glad it did get to you, though! a few things that may help... if the straps are too long (since everyone is a bit different!) you can always cut them, then (at your own discretion) sew the cut part back in so it doesn't fray. :) good to know about the thermal packs, too! this is our first time using them so that is much appreciated :) right now betterback therapy is only available for pre-order on indiegogo, but it'll be on our website soon! :) you can always pre-order another one here: indiegogo.com/projects/betterback-therapy-improve-posture-and-back-pain-meditation-travel/x/3789557 thanks so much for your comment — it really means a lot!! i hope you have the most wonderful day, damian!
amy: hey there! :) thanks for your comment. some of them are sent via courier, and some via postage — it does depend on where you live, but you should receive more detailed information about this in your email confirmation when your betterback has been shipped! :) thanks so much, amy!!
just wanted to say i appreciate those taking the time to share their feedback .. i'm in the second shipping and really don't mind waiting for arrival, but must say i'm very excited & jealous (in a good way!)  :d
when will i receive it, pease pm me asap
don't expect a quick resolution from the betterback group if something goes wrong. i am part of the february group here in the us. according to an initial tracking number i received from their shipper on march 20th. i should have received my betterback on march 29th. it never arrived. i contacted betterback by email on march 30th, again on april 3rd, and now once again on april 7th i received a couple of gushy responses about how glad they were to hear from me and how they would look into it and get back to me. but i still have no answer at all about what, if anything, they intend to do about my missing shipment.
i'm from singapore as well, & have just received it yesterday 7th april via fedex too. it feels great to wear this! that said, i echo the same sentiments to friends here who paid a bit more to have it shipped earlier (promised timeline in february) but it only reached yesterday. will any thing be done to make up for this, plus also to friends who backed the same timeline but still hasn't gotten theirs?
hello! i am from singapore, for those also in my country, i have received mine. worry not. it is coming... eventually. however, to kath; some of your 3pls are not emailing as they send your products out, while the one that sent it to me uses fedex, whom on the other hand, texted me. though it didn't specify what was being sent so i was left guessing. (i have several packages being sent every couple weeks. so i usually dismiss mail courier text messages.) anyway, the product works great! i haven't felt like such a normal person sitting down, since i can't sit for prolonged periods of time due to back pain. things to note though,  - the straps are great quality but if used over the recommended amount of time (i sit for hours using it) then they tend to get uncomfortable, probably because i prefer tightening them more than i should be doing. (maybe next time, good quality straps but +comfort some way?) - i'm pretty tiny. and i bought the therapy plus! so imagine the extra length of straps just... dangling around. haha, no worries. i don't mind that though. (more size options would be nice) - the thermal pack requires cleaning once in a while using a wet wipe or some gentle washing. it gets sticky and fuzzy after a few use so you should probably add that on your website or something. (some notice on how easily the plastic side gets dirty is also a plus but again, i don't mind! being able to sit with little to no pain anymore is amazing!) - i'd love to buy a couple more betterback therapy (the smaller sized one) but i have no idea where to find 'em!
i am from singapore and i have place order for the item. please advise if the items will be courier over or been send by forwarder. if courier can we track the item with the awb number.
huynh: hey there! hurray! so glad to hear this, thanks tons for the kind words :d :d have an awesome day!!
abdul: hi there! so so so happy to hear this! absolutely amazing. and i'm so glad you're already using it, way to be awesome :d thanks tons, abdul, and have a wonderful weekend!! :) cheers!
chua: hi there!! thanks so much for sharing and for the kind words!! i am so thrilled that you're loving your new betterback therapy, and beyond happy that you're already feeling a difference:) hurrayyyy! thank you for being just the greatest, chua!! :)
dominic + kat + oscar + mikhail: hi there! first off, thank you so much for your patience. we are so, so sorry for any delays. all of the betterback therapys in the first shipment should have gone out by now, but our fulfillment company has still yet to ship out a few stragglers. i am so sorry about this and i promise you we are doing absolutely everything we can to get your betterback therapy out asap! (like calling them all day long to make sure it ships out). again, i am so sorry on this, but it should be going out today or in the next couple — you'll definitely get an email confirmation as soon as it ships. thanks again for your patience and have the most wonderful day!!
quick arrival. beautiful package and product design. i'm using it right now. 5 star for the team.
just receive it a couple of hours ago and i'm using it while typing this comment! thank you very much kat and team for this amazing product for i'm looking for an everyday solution for my bad posture. cheers and well done! rizal from singapore
hey, i just received my betterback and all i can say is that it blew away all of my expectation. the material feels very premium and it is extremely well-made. after putting it on for 15 minutes (as suggested on the pamphlet), i can immediately feel the difference. those who are still waiting, hang on a bit longer, mine only started shipping last friday. to katherine, well done you have a masterpiece on your hand :)
this now looks like a big scam - no emails, no tracking numbers, no updates, no communication. it seems it time to proceed with legal actions!
i'm from hong kong. i intentionally paid extra to receive this in feb, but till now (apr), i still haven't received any info regarding the shipment.  when will i receive them?
i have not received mine. how soon can i expect it? kat
hi i'm supposed to receive it in feb and it is now may. i understand there was a delay but up till this point i still have not even received the shipping email. the app shows a status that says "collected" but this is clearly false. i have messaged you a couple weeks back and you assured me that it will be shipping soon. can you please check my order and status and give me a proper response? thanks.
cedric: hi over there in france! :) so awesome. really glad to hear that you're liking the new additions!! so so great:) thanks for the kind words and have a wonderful day!!
daniel: you. are. the. best! thank you so much for the kind words! haha, it really does mean the world!! thank you so much for being so positive and awesome, we shared this with the team and it definitely put a smile on all of our faces:) :) i'm really glad to hear that betterback therapy is already helping you and your family! have the most wonderful day!!
hi i am just receiving mine ine france. so cool . i've got the first one but this one is perfect. larger and the heat/freeze thing is very efficient. thx for all
i've never been so happy in my life to back a campaign that actually cares about people's well-being. let me just start off by saying that charlotte is extremely intelligent and caring! thanks to her my moms broken back is healing faster than doctors expected! i can now study long periods at a time without having the worry of hurting my health! if you really think about it this is your personal chair you can take anywhere such as the beach! seriously we need to make her president or something! people like this need to be recognized nationally! keep up the good work you amazing being ! :)
ml: hey you! thanks so much for your awesome comment :) so happy to hear that you received your betterback therapy, hurray!! everyone wears betterback a bit differently, so it's definitely worth experimenting to see how you can wear it to make you feel as comfortable and supported as possible. you can adjust the straps, move the back pad further up or lower down on your back, move the knee pads, etc. if you're feeling it a bit in your knees, sometimes what's helpful is to actually move the knee pads so they sit lower on your knee caps! this way, you're still supporting your back really well, but your distributing the weight a bit differently. :) let me know if this helps, ml! and yes, we've been getting tons of emails but i'll definitely check on your vat refund request and make sure it's processed. :) thank you so much ml, and definitely reach out if you have any more questions!!
kevin: hey there! there's still just a bit of time to change your address if you're an april backer!! sending you a message now with more info. thanks so much, kevin!
b kagan: hi! thanks for your comment — hoping some other backers will have some insights for you. if your betterback is going to a po box that's more rural, it might take a bit longer than usual for it to arrive, compared to if you live in a city. this might be the case, but definitely keep me posted with how it goes! crossing my fingers that it arrives asap for you, b! thanks so much and have the most wonderful day!! :)
joshua: hey there!! :) you haven't received a tracking # yet because you're in the second shipment, which hasn't shipped out yet. we've now published an update about this, but it looks like your order will be shipping out around april 25th! :) :) hurray! so stay tuned for an email confirmation around then! have an awesome day, joshua!
ahmed: hey there! thanks for your message :) unfortunately, there are still a few betterback therapys that are yet to be shipped out... so sorry on this. but if this is you, yours will be shipped out any day now, so you should receive an email confirmation of shipping shortly! thank you so much for your patience, ahmed, and have an awesome day!!
ann christin: hurray!! this is so exciting :) let me know how you like it!!
hello betterback team, i received mine yesterday morning! i’m still tinkering to find the position that suits me best and so far i see that the more i tend to put my back as straight as i can the more that puts pressure on my knees (which is normal: while trying to put it straight, my back pushes the betterback back, and as a result there’s more pressure on the knee caps). this is a bit uncomfortable for the knees. i could probably lengthen the strap a little bit but, by doing so, i’m afraid to be tempted to put my back too much behind where it’s supposed to be. any advice? sorry if i’m not clear, english is not my mother language so my words are not as precise as i would like them to be :-) by the way, i contacted you via hi@getbetterback.com about three days ago for a refund of vat and customs duties but i didn’t got an answer from you yet. i’m not worried, though, since i can easily imagine you gals and guys get tons of mail so it’s likely you have some backlog there. good luck with the remaining shipping work!
hello betterback, i commented a few weeks ago about a change of address since i'm moving by the end of april, i just found out about my new address, where can i contact you? thank you :)
hello other backers, wondering if any other backers in s. florida have still not received their packages. mine was shipped march 15 and i'm still waiting for it. it was to go to my pob. i was given a fedex tracking number (for someting called smartpost), but so far no package and the fedex tracking number does not work for a pob. they know me at the post office and they say they do not have it. any ideas? thanks for your input.
hi, could you please send me the tracking# i didn't receive any email from you. thanks
hi, could you please send me the tracking#  i didn't receive any email from you. � thanks
i recieved it right now! can't wait to unpack :d
ignasi: hey there!! happy early easter holidays to you :) i can't say for sure exactly when your betterback arrives — it really depends on your address in spain and what courier/postage system our fulfillment company chose for your address. hopefully the holidays won't disrupt delivery too much, and that you get your betterback therapy soon! thank you so much, ignasi!
marlon: hey there!! thanks for your comment :) right now we're gearing to ship out at the end of the month — although if there are any issues we'll be sure to notify you! :) we'll be posting an update shortly with more info for our april backers, so stay tuned for this! thanks so much, marlon!
ritrup:: hey there! thank you so so so much for your comment, and again i am truly sorry about this. i can definitely say that feb. backers on average will definitely be receiving their shipment 4-7 weeks earlier than the april backers — even once the april shipments go out, they won't necessarily receive it immediately — shipping times really vary based on where each backer lives. all backers that paid for early delivery will be getting this 4-7 week early delivery, but i am so sorry that it wasn't sooner. :( unfortunately, we are such a small company (there's just a few of us working out of our apartments!) and we simply don't have the resources of a bigger company to compensate further than this. but, if it helps, your order will definitely be shipped out sooner than everyone else's is :) i'm sorry this isn't the answer that you were hoping for, but know that we are truly doing everything we can. thank you so much for your patience and kindness on this ritrup, and sending all the very best to you!
in spain we'll be on easter vacation from 8th to 17th april. i wonder if the product will arrive this week, or beyond 17th april. thank you very much for your patience, time and work!
i still haven't received mine nor did i get any emails updates. can i get some feedback on when to expect this ?
@creator i understand delay happening due to manufacturing problem. and trust me when i say i really do understand, this is not my 1st project that i backed and it got delayed. i have received few even year later. but what's frustrating many feb backer is the fact that we paid extra and will be served along with all other who didn't. and the fact of mater is that your claim of 4-7 week it's not true, as most of us will end up getting our reward by end of this month. as you have mentioned to all april backers the shipping will start by april end. i also understand how kickstarter works, hence i understand that you may not be able to refund the money, but what you could do is compensate feb backer in kind. it's is very disheartening to see a company like yours, just publishing plain simple "very sorry". where there is a will, there is a way. thanks and god bless.
suraj: thank you soooo much for the kind words!! we're such a tiny team and working super hard, so this kind of thing really means the world. :) way to be! thanks for being so awesome :d and thanks so much for your dhl help... good to know on our end to see if there's anything we can do to make this process easier for you all! have the best day! :d
@massimo: one more tip. you probably told dhl or they assumed that it is a medical grade product. tell them that it is just a back support belt, not a medical product used to treat or diagnose any health issues and that it does not require an ec/ce certification.
@massimo: i received mine in germany today. just call dhl and tell them that you can email them the details about the product. i sent them an email with a link to this page, a short description of the product and a screenshot from the campaign page and in my case they also asked me for the proof of order for which i sent them the details from my backerkit confirmation. it immediately got cleared at the customs. good luck with yours.
@betterback thanks for the quick reply, katherine :) if only other kickstarter projects were half as supportive as you. you are doing an amazing job, even with more than 10000 backers ! thanks for the hint regarding the packing. i will give it a try later, although it's not a big issue. meanwhile, i sent you an email with a copy of the receipt for vat paid.
massimo: hey there!! good luck with sorting this out — not sure why this would be happening, but if it becomes a problem just send us a message! hope you get your betterback shortly! :d have an awesome day!
butterfly effect: hey there! :) happy to say that currently the april backers aren't postponed, and we're hoping to get them out at the end of april, provided there aren't any issues :) we'll actually be publishing an update about this shortly, so stay tuned for more info! have an awesome day!!
suraj: hey hey! thanks so much for this :d so happy to hear that it's been helping you out so far, and definitely keep me posted with how it goes! re: the duties/vat that you paid... we are actually more than happy to refund this for you! just send a receipt within 30 days of payment to hi@getbetterback.com and we can reimburse you for this amount. :) to pack it up, it helps to lay your betterback flat, then fold the straps on top. then, fold the whole thing in half, and zip up. hope this helps and let me know if you have any more qs! have an awesome day! :d
peter: hey peter — thanks so much for your comment, and again we are genuinely so sorry for any delays. to give a bit of context, we don't offer refunds on kickstarter for a few reasons, but the main one is that instead of being like a regular store with inventory, on kickstarter we use the funds we raise directly towards manufacturing and shipping costs:( again, instead of being like a store, your pledge is more of a gesture of support for our project and a reward is a thank you... plus, since all payments are handled through kickstarter, we just don't have access to everyones cc info to offer refunds. :( so sorry if this is a frustration, peter, but i hope this helps provide some reasoning to you!! if it helps, you'll still be getting your betterback therapy about 4-7 weeks earlier than the other backers, so the premium price for early delivery is still early delivery. hope this helps explain things a bit, but i'm so sorry that we disappointed you here:( we really did everything we could to make it happen, but in the least i'm happy to say that shipments are now on the way! definitely let me know if you have any more questions, and all the best, peter. :)
hi friends, my betterback arrived in italy, it is located in rome at the dhl warehouse. dhl informs me that dhl can not carry out clearance procedures without having the ec mark. someone of you (italy or other part of europe) had the same problem? thank you very much, massimo
what about the april backers' deliveries? are they also postponed?
munich, germany: received my betterback today via dhl. i had to pay extra 47 euros import taxes and processing fee. i used betterback for 10 minutes and i'm already feeling a difference in my back. good quality materials and comfortable to wear. i like it and i will use it more often to see how it goes :) i also liked the idea that the belt can be packed into itself and zipped for storage, although i have to figure out the right way to put it back as it does not seem so easy.
ordered 2x betterback therapy's to be shipped in feb as i had two very long flights in april and was happy to pay the extra $30 for each. april is here, suffered through multiple flights of 24 hours flying in total and still no betterback therapy. i can see from all the comments that you guys aren't refunding or doing anything about the feb delays besides a lot of sorry. for that extra $60 i paid to get it earlier, i could have purchased a 3rd betterback. i'm sure that all the other feb backers who haven't received their order yet would feel cheated that nothing is being done about it other than an apology. "so sorry that you paid $30 extra for each product, our manufacturers and fulfilment company messed up and couldn't deliver on time, so we have to keep your $30" manufacturing delays and problems that come up with fulfilment is understandable and it's been good that you guys have communicated this with your backers, however i strongly suggest re-thinking about how you come to a resolution for your feb backers as we've supported the project, paid extra and didn't get what we paid for. either a refund of $30 per item or something that should make up for the extra cost we paid and lost. better to take a bit of a profit hit and provide good will to your project backers than receive a large number of unhappy backers who'd never purchase or support you guys again.
ritrup: hey hey! so sorry with the shipping delays :( we really did everything we could to prevent this from happening, but the good news is that your betterback should be on the way any day now if it isn't already! :) unfortunately, we don't offer returns on kickstarter rewards, but know that you will still be getting your betterback therapy first — 4-7 weeks before the other backers. hope this helps, ritrup, and let me know if you have any more questions! :) thanks for being awesome!
sebastian: hey there! so sorry to hear, you definitely should have been receiving a lot of communication from us :( we've been sending out lots of project updates + messages, maybe they're going to your junk folder? or the email address associated with your kickstarter might be different from the one you check? in any case, you can check them out to hear what's been going on but very unfortunately we had to delay shipping for the feb. batch — we did everything humanly possible but we weren't happy enough with the quality and had to delay shipping so we could make sure betterback therapy was really amazing. almost all feb. orders have been shipped out by now, so you should receive an email confirmation any day now if you haven't already! :) hope this helps, sebastian! have a great day!!
aden: hey there! we haven't started shipping the second shipment yet, but are gearing up to ship it late april right now. we'll be posting an update as soon as we get more specific info to share with our april backers! :) have a wonderful day and stay tuned!!
marco + daniel: so happy to hear that you're both liking your new betterback therapys!! keep it touch with how it goes! :) :) have an awesome day!
sogetsu: that's perfect!! can't wait for you to get it :d have a great day!
planic: hey hey! so happy to hear that your betterback is on its way to you! :d unfortunately, i can't say for sure if your betterback will arrive before/after that date. i would definitely recommend setting up a mail forwarding service if you haven't already so you can make sure that you get your betterback :) :) have an awesome day!
@creator it's april and i still have no communication regarding my shipment. also what happens to my extra payment for february delivery, will i get a refund for the same? or did i just loss my money. waiting for some fruitful response. thanks.
february backer and i only just realized that i still haven't received any communication about anything. i check my email daily and i only checked this because of a backerkit for another kickstarter. i am rather disappointed considering i paid for accelerated production and shipping and i received no communication about this.
have shipping started for second shipment?
amazed :)
amazing, thanks for the clarification! i will definitely use it longer than 15' a day. it feels soo good. great job. will have all my friends trying it :)
get a shipment notification mail, my comment worked as well as magic trick ;-)
hi betterback team! i have known i'm include in feb shipment, but just received a shipment mail. i move at april 15th. can i receive before it?
marco: hi hi! so thrilled to hear that you love your new betterback therapy, that's amazing!! the 15 minute recommendation is just the minimum amount of time that you need to wear your betterback to get results — you can wear it for whatever length you feel comfortable + supported :) for example, i wear mine all day long! although, we do always recommend to everyone to get up and walk around for a few minutes every hour to get your circulation going again. thanks so so much marco, and let me know if you have any more questions! :)
sogetsu: hey there! we are almost done shipping out orders, so you should be receiving an email confirmation any day now! :) so sorry for the delays, but know that we are working as hard as we can to get your order shipped out to you. thank you so so much for your patience, and i'm so excited for you to get your betterback. have a great weekend, sogetsu!
yau chun: hi! thanks for your comment :) you're in the april shipment, and right now we're looking to get your betterback therapy out at the end of the month! we'll be posting an update shortly with more info. stay tuned and thanks so much, yau chun!! have a great weekend!
corey: hey there — so sorry for disappointing you on this. i promise you that we are doing everything we possibly can to get you your betterback therapy as soon as possible. you should definitely get an email confirmation when it goes out, and if you think you might be out of town, maybe you can ask a friend/family member to grab it for you? again, i'm so sorry for disappointing you with the shipping timing, but know that we are working as hard as humanly possible to get you your betterback. thank you so much, corey, and have a great weekend!
monravitch: yess! so so happy to hear this, monravitch :d i hope that it helps you out a lot and the biggest of thanks for your continued support! have the most amazing weekend! :)
tzfardaya: hey hey! there are just a few kits left, but i'm happy to say that almost all have been shipped out! :) we did run into an issue with our 3pl and have had to manually send out order confirmations/tracking #s, which has unfortunately delayed things :( i just checked on your order, and yours will be shipped out with dhl and you should be getting it very soon! thanks so much, tzfardaya!! have an awesome weekend!
okay, so apparently you're using fedex for canadian deliveries?
i am so happy about the service they provided to me. i recently over heated my thermal pack and it burst and unusable, i couldn't enjoy it as i used to. but the team went above and beyond! they took care and sending it an extra pack. i am so happy about their above and beyond service! even though they're basically handling a lot of clients all at once. my situation wasn't unheard.
i am so happy about the service they provided to me. i recently over heated my thermal pack and it burst and unusable, i couldn't enjoy it as i used to. but the team went above and beyond! they took care and sending it an extra pack. i am so happy about their above and beyond service! even though they're basically handling a lot of clients all at once. my situation wasn't unheard.
i am so happy about the service they provided to me. i recently over heated my thermal pack and it burst and unusable, i couldn't enjoy it as i used to. but the team went above and beyond! they took care and sending it an extra pack. i am so happy about their above and beyond service! even though they're basically handling a lot of clients all at once. my situation wasn't unheard.
i am so happy about the service they provided to me. i recently over heated my thermal pack and it burst and unusable, i couldn't enjoy it as i used to. but the team went above and beyond! they took care and sending it an extra pack. i am so happy about their above and beyond service! even though they're basically handling a lot of clients all at once. my situation wasn't unheard.
i love it. only question. how long can i use it during the day? as much as i want? does the 15' recommendation only relate to using the heated/frozen therapy pack?
a february backer here, can't love my betterback therap, where is it?
no news or email after i filled the survey in feb... could anyone tell me that, if i am going to have it in the coming months?
still no news, email, or shipping notification for my february delivery and as of a few minutes ago it's officially the last day of march where i am. never thought i'd need to worry given i had so much time but i'm about to leave the country for a week and with the luck i've been having with this and the fact almost everyone says they never even got an email saying theirs has been shipped i have a feeling it will show up while i'm gone and end up getting shipped back because i won't be around to pick it up. i'm so disappointed...
well, it's now been 11 business days since your last update where you said you expected it to take 9 business days to ship everything out....  is all the shipping done or are there still kits left to ship? haven't yet received any notice of shipping, and am hoping that i'm just one of those who won't get an email notification,  it rather it will just show up. i see that some people are saying theirs came in dhl. have all the kits been shipped dhl or does it vary from region to region. if so, which carrier/courier/post are you shipping to western canada with?
marissa: hey there! hurray! i am so happy to hear that you got your betterback therapy, and i hope that you're loving it so much so far :) once you get the hang of zipping it back up, it's super easy! just lay the back pad out flat, then fold the straps all on top of the back pad. then, fold it all in half, and zip everything up! :) hope this helps and if you're still having trouble, feel free to reach out anytime! :d
monravitch: hey hey! so happy to hear that you received your betterback therapy :) really sorry to hear about the overheating though! we did include instructions and definitely recommend reading them.. for the betterback size that you purchased, it's only recommended to be heated for 45 seconds, and not to exceed 70 seconds. aw, anyways i'm really sorry to hear this! you will definitely be able to purchase therapy packs separately though — i'll look into it and keep you posted. thanks so much monravitch, and all the best! ps - you could also go to a pharmacy and grab one that might fit in the meantime? have an awesome day!
i received my better back and couldn't be more happier to get rid of my back pack. i was wondering if you had any helpful tips to zip it back up. i was so excited to received it that i didn't look at how it straps and the knee pads were folded. i haven't been able to zip it back up nicely the way i received it.
hello i already received my betterpack. and i am very happy about it, as well as my mom. but sadly, my mom overheat it in the microwave and said she had it in there for 2 mins? i think. and the thermal pack exploded. :( will you be able to sell thermal pack alone? or is there a warranty to this? thank you i would appreciate your help. its not even a week since :(
paddy: hey you! so thrilled to hear that you got your betterback! hope you love it tons :d we are using a variety of couriers/postage options so some people will get a bit of a mysterious package, but i'm so happy to hear that it arrived safe and sound! have an amazing day, paddy!
kelvin + ahmed + richard: hey there! so sorry for the frustration on this — we're still shipping out betterback therapys in batches until the first shipment is 100% out and on its way to you! so sorry for the delay. we did also have an issue with our 3pl, and have had to manually send out (one by one!) tracking numbers and order confirmations, which has unfortunately added to the delay. but, i promise that we are doing everything under the sun to get you your betterback therapy as soon as possible, and know that you're definitely getting your betterback therapy in the first shipment and weeks before other backers. so sorry again, but i'm very excited for you all to get your betterback therapys! have an awesome day!
mine arrived today. in the uk. was on the feb delivery. backer number 67. i got no email about it from either backerkit or anyone else. the only thing i got was a text from dhl saying that i had a package on the way. i hadn't got a clue what it was so had a lot of fun speculating what the mystery package from hk was!
feb backer from singapore and i have not received any email confirmation or tracking number. this is really frustrating because now my office is changing location. really disappointed with myself thinking that paying the premium for being a feb backer was going to be beneficial for my back.
hello guys, do you have any update for my order? i didn't receive any tracking number!! thanks
hello,  it is almost end of the month and i still haven't received any e-mail confirmation with the tracking number for my order. the wait and lack of accurate updates is starting to feel ridiculous.. specially when we are getting the product 2 months behind schedule and paying the premium fee for having it in "february". this is my first time backing a kickstarter project and i was really exited about it, but now i am really dissapointed with how it actually works. i would like to know when the european delivers will start to happen, if that is not much to ask. thanks.
damien: hey there! thanks tons for your comment :) and thank you so much for being one of the first few hundred to fill out your survey — this makes it way, way easier on our end and means a lot!! however, it doesn't affect when your betterback ships out.. we're using a few different 3pls and some are faster than others. if you haven't received your email confirmation yet, you will by the end of the week! thanks so, so much for your patience, damian, and i hope you love your betterback therapy! :d
aphrodite: hey you! you should be getting a notification any day now if you haven't already! :) i promise that the universe doesn't hate you... your betterback therapy is on its way soon, i promise! :) thanks so much for your patience and i really hope you have a great day!
anyone from europe got their betterback yet? feb shipping?
hello! i'm actually within the 400-500th person to finish the survey on backerkit and with the claim that they send out hundreds or so, i would think they notify me about the shipping progress of my betterback by now. but i have yet to receive any news about it. are they still sending or is there some sort of logistical error being caught up on their end?
i'm frustrated that i've yet to get a notification from backerkit re my betterback. i mean, i paid a goodly amount extra to get it asap and i now have hellish back pain. universe seems to actively hate me.
prakhar + tzfardaya: hi there! we have not started with the second batch — at this point, it's definitely our top priority to get all of the orders for the first shipment out as soon as possible :) in terms of timeline, we're pushing super hard to get the april shipment out by the mid/end of april, so stay tuned! we'll be sure to publish as update as soon as we get more exact info. thanks so much to both of you for your awesome support!
jamie: hurray!! i am beyond happy to hear this! i hope it helps you tons and thanks so much for sharing, jamie :) have the most awesome day!
@prakhar i kinda hope they haven't started the second batch yet.. since you're are still backers from the first batch that are still waiting for our orders to ship....
hello, i am not sure if you have started with 2nd shipment deliveries. i may be asking it a bit early but can you approximately put a date range when you would be shipping my betterback. thank you
i got mine today and i must say that i'm in love with it. many thanks to you
marilyn: hi there!! unfortunately, since you're an early backer, it's too late to change your postal code :( your betterback therapy is currently already on its way to you, so we can't update your address at this point :( if it's just a different postal code, hopefully the post office will sort it out, but if not and they ship it back to us, we will always re-ship to you, of course! :) thanks so much! :)
mark: hey hey! i looked up your order and while you pledged an amount that covers two, you didn't select that you wanted two betterbacks during the shipping survey, so our system would've only sent you two. :( but, no worries, i'll be sure to send you a message and we can get the second one to you, no problem :) have a wonderful day, mark!!
amber: amazingggg! thank you tons and tons for all of your patience, and thanks so much for sharing your kind words!! it really means a lot to us and the biggest of thanks for everything. thanks for being so awesome!
daniel: hi you! this is so fantastic to hear!! thank you so much for sharing those kind words :) we are beyond thrilled to hear, this kind of thing honestly means the world to our small team. :d thank you so much daniel, and keep on being amazing!!
to all feb. backers still waiting to hear: hey there! thank you so much for commenting! :) we are still shipping out betterback therapys in batches, so if you haven't received your email shipping confirmation yet, never fear! it's definitely on its way — our fulfillment center can't process thousands of orders every day, so unfortunately they do have to spread out the shipping. stay tuned and thank you so much for all of your patience!! we'll be sure to update if anything changes! :) have an awesome day, all!
cortney: hurray! so happy to hear this!! keep on wearing it + i hope you continue to love it! :d
hi there, i still haven't received the betterback shipment confirmation email, and when i checked the app just now the status shows "collected" for some reason. can you please help check what is going on? thanks.
i tried changing my postal code, it was populated wrongly. how do i make changes to it? now that it's gone.
i haven't had a notification about product ship. can you help me to check out what's wrong with it
try this one. hello@imkathleen.com
just checking.
@tzfardaya i already have. since dm is the only other option, that's what i chose. they don't have a clearly-published email.
@mark if you're going to put a time limit on the response, you might want to use a format that notifies them... dm or email.
i paid you for two betterbacks and only received one. why did this happen? it is currently 4:48pm on monday, march 27. if i don't receive a response within the next 24 hours, i will be contacting paypal and seeking a refund.
i'm backer 260 for feb shipment. how come i still haven't received it yet? is the backer number relevant in this case?
hi there, i'm changing address this week. how do i update my shipping info?
mine arrived friday!!  it's amazing!!  haven't used the heating/cooling packs yet, but have used the device itself each day & have already noticed the difference!!   totally worth the wait!!   thank you so much for coming up with this!
hi betterback, just wondering what's the update for my shipment? i backed in nov. thanks!
i'm backer 1201 for feb shipping but i still haven't received the tracking number nor the betterback itself. please provide me with a tracking number. thank you!
i recived nothing aswell. not even an email about the shipment :/
i​ still​ not receive​ tracking​ number. can​ you​ check​ it​. what​ wrong​ with​ my​ package. thanks.
hi! when will i receive my package? still nothing yet, neither the shipment mail...  thank you very much! from italy
hi betterback, i have not received any email for the feb shipment till now, can someone check for me if its been shipped yet or not?
this is seriously a game changer to the community thank you so much my parents love it and it's helping my back also. my mother recently broke her back in three places and is barely able to walk. she tried the better back today and said that this is better than daily therapy. much love to everyone who supported this project and blessings from up high ! :)
hello. i still don't have mine.  teresa
i want to know when can i receive？
hi @betterback i haven't received any notification yet and the time has past.let me know what happens as it feels like i am an april backer and paid more than guys in april.
i just received my betterback and i could not be happier!! thank you for making a wonderful product!
jp: yes! music to my ears. so so happy to hear this! :d
kerri: hi kerri! thanks so much for this, i'm so happy to hear that you received your betterback!! :) i'm so sorry to hear that you didn't get your therapy pack, just contacting you now about this!
daniel: hurrayyyy! i'm so happy that you received your betterback therapy! i'm super glad to hear that it arrived earlier than it said it would! that's fantastic :) yes, all our our backers in the first shipment should definitely be getting their shipment much sooner than the second shipment! definitely keep us posted with how you're liking your betterback and have a great day!
tzfardaya: hey there! thanks for this — the packages are going out in batches, but i'll pass your comment on so that we can make sure that it's on its way :) thanks so much and have a great day!
andrew + kevin + blizz: hey there!! thanks so much for your comments :) unfortunately, not every backer will receive a tracking number. we're using a variety of courier services to get you your betterbacks asap at this point, so whether you get a tracking number will depend on where you live (country and region of that country). but, you will definitely get an email confirmation when your betterback therapy ships out, and after that rest assured that your betterback therapy is on the way! :)
feb backer from singapore n have yet to receive my tracking number
hi, i am also feb backer and wondering when will i get a tracking number?
got mine today. already used it twice. really nice design. easy to use. now i just have to try it with the hot/cold pack. woohoo.
received mine, thank you.  i did not receive the extra pack however.
hi, i have not received any mail yet. can you check, please, that all is correct? thank you very much! i'm glad to be in your hands and i value a lot all your positive feedback ever.
i received my package today via fedex surepost. since i had previously signed up for fedex delivery manager, i was notified that a package was being shipped to me due to arrive on sat., mar. 28. one of the features of surepost in that it is delivered to your door by the usps with your regular mail so you do not have to be home to sign for it when the fedex truck would come by.  it only took 5 days although it said it would take 11 days (including weekends).   for those who are bothered that they paid extra to get earlier delivery that has been delayed, remember that even the later delivery can get delayed too. from what i read, those who are expecting april delivery may not receive their bb therapy (+) until may.
hi, i am a feb backer and wondering if i will get a tracking number? i have not received any email yet. will i get it before the april backers? thank you.
still no betterback here, no shipping notice either.. :-(
michelle: hi hi! so great to hear and i am so thrilled that you have your betterback therapy! it's just too exciting to hear about everyone receiving them, so thank you so much for sharing :) definitely good to know! if you or your husband need any help with finding a way to wear betterback therapy that's super comfy and keeps your back supported, i'm always here to help. hope you love it and have an amazing day!
kevin: hey there! thanks so much for your comment :) we're pushing to do our best to get it out at the end of april, and while we still don't have the exact date, we'll be sure to update you as soon as we find out more :) if you think you might be moving, i'd recommend changing your address just in case! if this sounds good to you, please send us your new address whenever you can! thanks so much, kevin, and have a great day!
for what it's worth, i got no notifications of shipment and so it was a surprise delivery last night (usps delivers late for us). the lack of notifications is usually the fault of usps in my experience, so just watch the mail if you're the early backer group but don't have a notification at all. :)
mine arrived yesterday as well. it became a belated birthday gift for my husband, but he tried it out last night and seemed to like it. will take a bit to get used to and figure out the best position for it, but hopefully it helps resolve some of his back issues (related to his poor posture!). thanks!
just wondering, when should we expect the april shipment to come out? im moving towards to end of april and would like to hopefully receive it by then
brandi: hi there! hurray! i'm so happy that your betterback therapy reached you... music to my ears! :) although, i'm sorry to hear that you're disappointed by the extra shipping cost for the hot/cold therapy packs — even though they're small, the extra weight certainly adds up. if it helps at all, we did charge you about half the cost of how much they actually cost to ship... although i agree, it's surprising that something so small can change the price! in terms of the texting support, we haven't received a message from you, but i'll definitely look into it — it's a new system we're testing out so there might be a little issue. for your knees, if you're feeling uncomfortable with the pressure, you can try loosening the straps, or moving the pads further down on your knees — the best way to wear your betterback therapy is however you feel most comfy and supported. :) if you have any more questions about wearing your betterback, i'm always here to help you out, brandi! thanks so much for your feedback. :) much appreciated.
peter + scottc1s: hey there! thanks so much for your comments... first off, i am so sorry about the shipping delay. we paid extra to get your betterbacks out asap and our fulfillment company in the us quoted us the 3-5 business days, but we just found out this morning that a few backers have tracking information which says much longer :( :( this is completely unexpected but we're doing our best and have been communicating with them on and off all day to see if there's anything that can be done. so sorry again about this, really :( thank you so much for your patience and i'll be sure to update you when i find out more!
since having used it today, i am hoping my back is just getting used to the device.  the heat and cold packs are way thinner than i expected from the pictures.  in addition, i'm disappointed that i had to pay extra shipping for my extra therapy pack but it came shipped in the same package with everything else, i don't believe it cost as much extra to add this thin pack to the package. i am trying to use the texting offering from the backers where they said they'd text us answers back directly but i haven't heard anything.  it adds odd pressure to my kneels and i'm unsure of how tight to wear the straps and there are a few manufacturing flaws that bother me. looking forward to hearing what everyone else thinks once they get theirs.
knowing what i know now, i wouldn't of paid the extra 30 dollars for the first shipment. also saddens me you choose one of the slowest shipping options after already being delayed. i back because i felt valued by you and now i just feel taken advantage of.
i just read the faq and it shows shipping should take 3-5 days and it was suppose to be upgraded to the fastest delivery, so why was mine sent fedex smartpost? doesn't really seem all that fast at 12 days of shipping. shipped out 3/16, due to arrive 3/28. looks like i got downgraded in the shipping department. kind of disappointed here, had i known this i would have just saved myself $30 and waited for the april batch.
i'm glad that my better back has shipped. but i am kind of disappointed it is going to take 12 days to get to me. i would have thought with the delays and the extra cost for early delivery, it would have shipped fedex express rather than fedex ground. but regardless i'm still glad it has finally shipped. next time it would be nice to ship via fedex express so those who paid to have it early can have it soon rather than later.
got an email today saying my betterback had shipped, clicked on tracking and saw it's been delivered! i can't wait to get home and have it for work tomorrow!!!
fellow feb backers! which lucky folks have gotten their shipments!? tell us how awesome it is!
wong ho + michelle: thank you both so much for your comment! :) we did just publish an update a couple of days ago with tons of news/info about shipping i would definitely recommend checking out! :) we have started shipping out — basically what this means is that our fulfillment center can send out hundreds of betterback therapys every day, but not thousands, so they've been batched into a couple different days. you'll get a shipping confirmation as soon as yours is on the way :) the april shipment won't be going out until later in april, so you're still a whole month-ish ahead of them, if that helps. let me know if you have any more questions and thank you both so much for your support. excited for you to get your betterback therapy! :)
cindy: hi! tzfardaya is correct! :) kickstarter may say this, but no worries — we received your shipping survey. :) we still don't have the exact date we'll be sending out the april shipment, but i would just keep an eye on your inbox for our project updates and we'll be sure to post on there when we know more!! have a great day, cindy! :)
kaushik87: hey there! we did just publish an update a couple of days ago and are officially shipping out the first round of betterback therapys! wahooo! just click "updates" above to read more :) thanks tons and have a great day!!
techheng: hi there!! just checked on your pledge — unfortunately, you didn't fill out our shipping survey, and without doing that we don't have an address where we can send your pledge! :( just sending you a message via kickstarter with more info on next steps. thanks so much, techheng!
agree, early backers are now getting dangerously close to the april backers who paid $30 less for the product. any news on shipping? is there any compensation if we barely ship 3 weeks apart at this point?
＠creator backer 517, still nothing heard about shipment but you said you have begun shipping out?
@kaushik87 "no news or update?" are you serious? look 2 comments below your last comment... or an update that was issued 3 days ago...
@cindy woo kickstarter won't show the survey, as it was sent via backerkit. go to the backerkit website and enter the email you signed up to kickstarter with.
hi, can you please check my pledge? as it is showing "no survey sent" on my page... i am in uk london, when will i get the product? as i might need to move to another country later, i just want to make sure i will be still in this address when it is delivered. thx :)
no news or update? please can u refund the pledge amount if delivery takes months..
@creator: can you check me my pledge? still no tracking number so far
steven: hey hey! thanks so much for your comment:) currently we're on-track to ship out the second run in the second half of april, and we're crossing our fingers that we won't hit any snags! but, of course, we'll be sure to update you if anything changes! have an awesome day, steven!
tzfardaya: thanks for having our back, tzfardaya! :)
ritrup: i just checked on your pledge, no worries, it's all filled out!! thanks so much for checking in :) :) have a great day!
is the second run going to be on time?
ritrup go to backerkit.com and enter in the email address you use for kickstarter.. should find any surveys for projects that you've backed that use that site.
@creator in you latest update you have talked about some servey. but unfortunately i have not received it yet. i really needed this product asap, hence paid extra for it. so could you check and let me know when my shipment will start and does the servey has any repercussions on my delivery time. hope you understand my problem, participate a response asap.  cheers
alejandro: hey there! so sorry to have disappointed you about our shipping :( :( if it helps at all, you'll definitely still be getting your betterback therapy in your first batch, before the april backers. we were planning on doing an update on monday, but are just waiting for a bit more info before we publish so that you are all getting the most up-to-date and accurate possible shipping info. again, so sorry on this. stay tuned for an update coming at you with more precise info on all of this! :) thanks tons for your patience, alejandro. have a great day!
it's march now. i'm hoping we are getting a proper update with when are getting our product. need to justify the $30 we've paid to get it early. if i'm getting it during april i would like to reduce my pledge to match. literally half through march so realistically the product is shipping close to april.
corey: thanks tons for your comment and so sorry for disappointing you on this. if it helps, you'll definitely still be getting your betterback therapy before the april backers, so you're still getting the very first shipment of betterback therapy earlier than anyone else! as a super small business unfortunately we just didn't have the resources to offer free shipping to our international backers. we definitely did work our hardest to find the best shipping company that offered the best price considering our (relatively) small volume of product. i really hope that this explains things a bit, and i can't wait for you to get your betterback therapy. the biggest of thanks for hanging in there, corey, and all the best!! have a great day! :)
michelle + brandi: hi! thank you both so much for your comment, and again so sorry about all this:( we really did all that we could! however, i can definitely say that you'll still be getting your betterback therapy before the april backers, so you're still getting the first shipment:) the april shipment isn't shipping out until april, so you'll still be getting your betterback therapy about a month earlier :) again — so sorry on this. we did everything humanly possible but unfortunately it was all we could do. let me know if you have any more questions, and have a great day! :)
teresa: hey there!! thanks so much for your comment. unfortunately, i can't say for sure if your betterback therapy will arrive before/after that date — the exact date you'll receive it will depend on a lot of factors, e.g. what courier is being used for your region and where exactly you live. i definitely hope that it does come before then, teresa!! excited for you to get your betterback + let me know if you have any questions :)
update was supposed to come today, i agree, appears that those of us who backed and payed extra for early delivery are going to get at same time april backers. anything going to happen to rectify this?
looks like us february backers are going to need to strap in to the betterback permanently for the first two weeks we get it seeing as we need to make an extra $30 worth the "early" shipment. it's funny as i'm considered an international backer i only got "subsidized" shipping instead of free. guess i'm basically just paying full price for shipping after all. given that it works out to be an extra $45 (i think it was $15 to canada?) which is almost 50% the cost of the product i just hope for the high shipping fee that it's going to be a reputable delivery company.
i have one other question. i know that kickstarters can have delays, but i paid $30 extra to be in the first shipment ahead of the april backers. now it looks like we'll all be receiving the product at the same time, making that $30 a waste. is there something being done to resolve that?
hi. i'm going on a long journey 4 april with a lot of riding.  any chance my order will come before than? i can give you a testimonial for over 52 hours of car ride before it's over.  thanks, teresa
thank you for the update!
antron: hey there!! thanks so much for your comment :) right now, the april shipment is on track to ship out in time. hurray! we're crossing our fingers there aren't any issues that delay this, and will be sure to keep you in the loop! we'll know more precise dates for you soon enough, so stay tuned!! :)
andrew, monravitch, michelle + dylan: hey all!! thanks so much for touching base with us about your betterback therapys! so excited to get them out to you! :) :) your package will be officially shipped out in just a few short days, and the shipping time really depends on where you live. we're putting out an update tomorrow which will have more details for all of you re: shipping!! keep your eye out for that :) in the meantime, have a great day and big thanks!!
i was an early backer. supposed to receive mine feb/march and i still have nothing. i was backer 9,312. any tracking number??
if we were in the february shipments, is there an update for us? it's now 3 weeks after the last update about our shipments and the most recent update is only for april backers.
super excited about this! any updates?
when will the april backers get their rewards?
hi, i am a feb delivery backer. i know there was a delay, but have they been sent yet? i am in aus, when should i expect delivery? thanks.
lasse: hey there! :) so, unfortunately it's not possible to change addresses if you're in the first betterback therapy shipment:( they're already on their way to our fulfillment centers, and they'll be shipped out directly to you from there. so sorry on this! a few solution ideas though... you could set up a mail forwarding system at your old address, or ask a friend/neighbor to pick it up for you! another option (although not as ideal) is that i could move you to the april shipment, so you can be sure that it gets to your new address. let me now your thoughts, lasse, and i hope this helps a bit! have a great day! :) :)
craig: thanks so much for your comment!! :) right now we're still on track to be shipping out right at mid-march (so just a few days!) assuming that no other issues come up. if anything changes we'll definitely post an update and let you all know asap, but right now it looks like the first shipment of betterback therapys is good to go! thanks so much, craig, and have an awesome day!! :)
aj: hey hey! great to connect!! since you're an april backer, luckily there is still a bit of time to change your shipping address! hurray! :) would you mind sending me a quick message with your new address and i can get it changed asap? thanks so much, aj! ps - just sending you a message with this info, too!
louis: hey there! awesome question. :) as soon as your betterback therapy ships (hurray!!) you'll get an order confirmation by email! hope this helps, and can't wait for you to get your betterback therapy! :)
heya, is it possible to change shipping address? on backerkit it was no longer possible for feb shipments. thanks for advising.
any updates on shipping & eta's?
hi, i'm moving the end of this month. will i receive my betterback this month or will i need to update my address? thanks. backer #5442
hello,        i was just wondering if there was a shipping confirmation or something like that that eventually comes in, or if we just kind of wait for a while and then contact you if we don't receive the item? thank you for your time.
wontonly: hurray!! i am so, so happy that you're looking forward to getting your betterback therapy!! :) ps — it's never too early to stop slouching ;) have an awesome day, wontonly!
kerri: hi! thanks so, so much for your comment, but i'm so sorry that we disappointed you on this! we honestly did everything that was humanly possible to try to prevent any shipping delays for our february backers, but we just couldn't ship out a product that wasn't up to our quality standards. :( if it helps, you will definitely be receiving your betterback therapy in the first shipment, and it will still be earlier than the april backers. we're shipping out your betterback therapy mid-march, and the next shipment won't go out until april. again, so sorry on this, kerri!! i'm excited for you to get your betterback therapy and i hope you have the most wonderful day! :)
charles: hey there, thanks so much for your message!! we had a few issues with manufacturing so very unfortunately we're running a bit behind schedule :( but, your betterback will be going out mid-march! so excited for you to get it and hear what you think!! :d
i can't wait for this come soon because i'm already slouching as i write this.
@kerri that's a risk you take on kickstarter...  timelines are not set in stone, and there are no guarantees.
follow up to previous comment. those of us who paid extra for the early shipment.  is it fair that we paid more and receive our items the exact same time as the people who paid less $$?
just wondering if my order will be shipped in april. i'm in hong kong and i've filled in the survery earlier. thanks.
butterflyeffect: thanks so much for your comment! :) right now, it's looking as if april deliveries will be on time, but again we're crossing our fingers that it stays this way!! we'll be sure to update you if we hear anything otherwise, but for now it's looking good :) thanks so much!
florian: awesome to connect! luckily since you're in the april shipment, i do still have a bit of time to change your address as long as we do it soon! just sending you a message now, and you can send me your new shipping address through there :) thanks tons for your support!
henry: hey! so great to connect! i'm not sure if you saw our most recent update, but very unfortunately we did have to delay the february shipment by a few weeks :( so, so sorry on this. we basically had a few manufacturing snags and didn't want to ship out a product that wasn't up to our quality standards, so we had to re-do a few portions of the process. so sorry if this is frustrating, but know that your betterback therapy is on it's way to being officially shipped out in just a week! you should receive a confirmation email when it ships :) thanks so much, henry, and have an awesome day!!
hi. i am wondering if the april deliveries also would be delayed.
heya, backerkit says it's ready to ship. i live in germany and i will move in 2 weeks unexpected. can i change the adress or will it arrive here before i move? love - flo
hi, just looking for an update for the february lot, i'm in sydney and wondering what's the eta.  it's now march, mine hasn't been lot in transit has it?
damian + joanna: thanks so much for connecting!! we're working super hard, and right now the first round of shipments looks like it's going out mid-march :) we're hoping that there aren't any more issues and we can get you your betterback therapys as soon as humanly possible!! let me know if you have any more questions and thank you guys both so much for your patience. have an awesome day!! :)
@creator what's the current status on the march/april shipments?
hello, any update on the now march shipping? how'd the progress like?
chad: hey hey!! so great to connect and thanks for your awesome comment! you rock :d i definitely hope that you love your new betterback therapy!! we should all be bffs with our backs and i totally hope that betterback helps you get there! :) :) definitely keep in touch with your thoughts about it and have an amazing day chad!
darren: hey hey! unfortunately since your order is in our first shipment, we can't change your address at this stage in the game, since all of your information has already been forwarded to our fulfillment company :( so sorry about this! i could totally recommend intercepting packages like chad recommended, or setting up a mail forwarding service. or, you could even have a neighbor or friend grab it for you! :) sorry about this, darren, but hope this helps!
@darren -if they are unable to change it you can always intercept packages once you have the tracking number. though it might cost you, it should not be much.
i can wait for this to help me correct my posture. i need to make healthy decisions because my back is not my friend at the moment.  it's more like a a nagging neighbor or better yet like dennis the minnis :). hopefully with this wonderful invention and some serious core exercises me and my back can become bffs like when i was a kid.  hahaha.
hello, i have just moved, and due to the delay in shipping my old address is locked as the shipping address.  how can we get this updated, so i will receive my perk? thanks for your help.
chai: hey hey! thanks so much for your comment. i'm not sure if you saw our update, but very, very unfortunately we did have to delay shipping on the february orders :( we hit a few manufacturing snags, and eventually chose to delay shipping rather than shipping out on time with a product that wasn't up to our quality standards. you can read more about this in our most recent update, but again my sincere apologies — we are so sorry for any frustration on this. definitely reach out to me if you have any questions, but otherwise we're working to get your your betterback therapy asap! have an amazing day, chai!! :)
jason: thank you so, so much for the kind words!! you are too amazing!! we're a super small team working as hard as we can, and comments like yours really do mean the world to us :) :) :) i can't wait for you to get your betterback therapy and hear what you think! have the most awesome day, jason!!!
i pledge for february delivery, it's march now. what's the status ? thanks.
i want to say that i think you have provided great updates and your responsiveness to all comments goes well beyond the norm for creators on this site. i'm sure many think the same thing and will be patient as you get all orders out. good luck!
lh: hey there! since your pledge is in april, there's still a bit of time to change!! while you can't change directly on your survey, i can make a note of your new address :) just sending you a message now!
i need to change my shipping address. can i still do that ?
km: thanks so much for checking in!! i just double checked for you, and your survey is all filled out and ready to go! :) can't wait for you to get your new betterback therapy!!
pete: hey there! great to connect, but i'm so, so sorry that you're feeling disappointed in us by the lack of communication :( we've been waiting at times to communicate until we're sure about the shipping situation, so we're not giving out any info that doesn't end up being true, but i'm really sorry about the frustration on this. here's where things are at: all betterback therapys are currently on their way to our 3pls. it'll take some time for transport and for the 3pls to receive and process all of the boxes, but our very first wave of shipments should be going out on approx. march 13th. as soon as we have concrete dates, we'll be posting a new update, so be sure to check that out :) again, apologies on this — we definitely don't want you to feel like you're in the dark. let me know if you have any more questions, and have an awesome day! excited for you to get your betterback therapy! :)
ming: great to connect!! just looked at your pledge in backerkit, and it looks all good to me! you've signed up for the april shipment, and right now we're geared and ready to ship out around then. definitely if  you have any specific questions let me know! :) have an awesome day!
just to make sure... have i filled out the survey? thanks in advance
hi, can you please clarify the current state of shipping. how long for them to reach the distribution centers? what method of shipping is being used to there? will they be immediately sent from the distribution centers, or will they sit for a while etc. once again, the lack of professionalism with communication is disappointing. if you want to see an example of good communication check out https://www.crowdsupply.com/ugl/ultimate-hacking-keyboard/updates
hope*
hoe that everything is fine with my pledge..
kat: hey hey! thanks tons for your support!! so, unfortunately the addresses from our first kickstarter project don't actually transfer over at all to this one, so we would've still needed you to fill out the survey! it is closed now, but i'm just sending you an email with more info. :) cheers and talk soon!
dean: hey there — so sorry to have disappointed you with the shipping issue. we really did all we could to ship out on time, but unfortunately since it's our very first time manufacturing + shipping these out, we can encounter issues that a regular store just can't :( if it helps at all, kickstarter prices should still be lower than the estimated retail price, and you'll definitely still be receiving it sooner than the april backers. again, so sorry on this dean!! thanks for your comment and have a wonderful day!!
udit: hey there! not sure if you checked out our most recent update, but very, very unfortunately we had to delay shipping by a few weeks :( unfortunately, there were a few snags with manufacturing and we decided to delay shipping instead of sending out a product that wasn't up to our quality standards. so, so sorry about this, udit! if you'd like more info, definitely check out our recent updates. hope this explains things a bit and excited for you to get your betterback therapy! :)
tzfardaya: so sorry about that — that's totally my bad for using confusing wording! i meant that we officially have a handle on the shipping process and have started shipping them to bigger distribution centers, where they'll be shipped out from there to you! but no worries, your betterback therapy will be on its way soon!! you should receive an email confirmation as soon as it ships to your shipping address :) hope this helps and sorry for not clarifying before! have an awesome day, tzfardaya!
so then i paid extra to get it before i leave for my long trip to taiwan. how ignorant of me to think a kickstarter would be on time. it seems everyone will get it at the same time anyways. oh well. one more reason for just paying full price in a store like normal people do. thanks for the wake-up call.
sorry i missed the survey. i'm sure you have my address as i received the first better back without any problem. anything else i need to let you know?  thanks.  kat
@udit might be an idea to keep up on reading the updates... the delays were documented in them some time ago.
hello, the estimated delivery was in february, but it's already march. may i know what's the status? i paid extra to get it delivered in february.
now i'm confused... you said yesterday that "betterback therapys are officially shipping out (very exciting!) " , now today you're saying "shipping is not yet underway".
ritrup: hey there!! not sure if you read our most recent update, but very, very unfortunately we had to make the decision to delay shipping by a few weeks, so they have not yet shipped out :( we had a couple manufacturing snags, and decided to delay shipping rather than mailing out a product that wasn't up to our quality standards. so sorry for the frustration on this... but i hope this helps explain things a bit. let me know if you have any more questions, and have an awesome day!!
tzfardaya: thanks so much for your comment!! while shipping is not yet underway, we are officially on the track to making it happen as soon as we possibly can! you can expect to get an order confirmation by email as soon as we ship :) have an awesome day!
@creator you have started shipping and i still didn't get any mail regarding the same. i had pledged for feb shipment, hope that remains(as i paid extra for it).
did i read that right? shipping is underway?
andrew: hi! thanks tons for your support :) yes, unfortunately we did have some issues, but betterback therapys are officially shipping out (very exciting!), so you should receive it in a few weeks :) the exact time will really vary depending on your address, ie. if you live in a city in australia you'll receive it faster than if you live somewhere more rural! hope this helps, andrew, and so excited for you to get your hands on your new betterback therapy! :)
sohye: hey there!! thanks so much for your comment. :) the surveys are currently locked down, but i'm sure i can sort something out for you! just sending you a message now with some more info! :)
hi, when will the feb shipment be sent out? i know you had some issues so was just wondering when i will be getting mine in australia.  thanks.
hi i have also had difficulty accessing my survey and i have also sent a cs email to backit and haven't received a reply. can you help me fill in a survey so i can get my betterback by april?
colin: you are the best! thank you so much for being so awesome + helpful, i totally appreciate it!! so excited for you to get your betterback therapy! :)
james: hey hey! oh no! definitely want to do whatever i can to find a solution for you. it looks like april shipment surveys will be locked down at 6pm pst tonight, so if you can change your address to someone who you know can definitely pick it up for you, that's what i'd do. but, if you can't get to the survey before it locks down, i would just stay turned. it's certainly more than likely that your betterback will be delivered in the second half of april, and we'll know a more specific time frame soon. so, keep an eye out for an update from us, and crossing my fingers it'll get to you when you get back from your trip! :) thanks tons for your support!
ann christin: thanks so much for your help here ;) have a wonderful day!!
djayawarman: hey there!! so sorry you had a payment issue. i'm just going to send you a message now with some more info about your specific payment. talk soon! :)
pete: hey there!! so sorry you were having trouble accessing the survey with your email address! while normally i could go in and change it for you, unfortunately we locked down our survey a couple of days ago, which means i can't go in and make any changes. let me look into this to you + i'll get back to you with more info as soon as i can to figure out a solution for you! :) have a great day in the meantime!
joanna + cassadee: thanks so much for your comments + support!! at this point, we're actually expecting our april shipments to be on time + are hoping to avoid the same issue we had with the february shipment! hurray!! :) we will of course keep you posted if any of this changes, but no worries for now! have a great weekend!
there maybe mail lockers you could rent or the last thing i can think of is your work, if you boss would be ok with that?  i hold and pass on to you chap but i'm in the uk :/
@colin cowper: unfortunately none of those are an option as i'm new to the city and the flats around mine are all airbnbs :(
james you could update the backerkit  to a different address, if you have family/freinds/ neighbour that will be?
hello. i may not be able to collect the package as i will be away for the first two weeks of april. i'm a bit worried that it will be left on my doorstep and stolen (it has happened before). what is the best course of action?
pete: if you read the updates it says thids on the last one: lost your survey link? need to change your survey response? nooo problem! enter your kickstarter email address here and you'll be all set: https://betterback-therapy.backerkit.com/
is the april shipment gonna be shipped on time?
i tried to fill in the kit but i got charged more than i suppose to. please fix it fast @creator
i changed my email since i backed this project (facebook autoregistered an inactive email with ks). i really need someone to get me a survey or to refund my purchase. i do not have access to the address that the survey is insisting on sending to. no such problem with other kickstarters. please help my intention isn't to donate to a for profit company
@joanna  i'd expect they're delayed by a comparable amount to the february backers.
how does the delay affect the march shipments?
tzfardaya: thanks so much for the kind words!! really appreciate it. yes, we're totally glad that the feb. shipment will only be a few weeks late... we had to work super hard otherwise it would have been much, much worse! :)
kerri jean: so sorry about the disappointment here — we really did all that we possibly could! however, i'm more than happy to say that you'll definitely still be getting your betterback before our april backers! it'll still be 1-2 months early, so you will for sure have it before may!! hope this helps, and so sorry again. have a wonderful day, kerri jean!
i'm sorry to say this, but it is a bit upsetting to pay for the earliest delivery and end up getting it the same time as the other backers.  i paid the extra money think it would be worth getting it sooner (so my back may be better by vacation time in may).
this is kickstarter, delays should be expected by the backers... a couple weeks delay is nothing compared to most... and i think those two backers complaining about the delay are forgetting that the second batch shipping time will also be affected by this delay....
ann christin: aw, thank you so much for the kind words!! yes, we definitely should just be a couple weeks :) we've been pouring our hearts and souls into this project, your support really means a lot! have an amazing day!!
wong ho + ben: hey there! so, so sorry to have disappointed you both :( the production push back was completely unexpected, and i totally understand how much of an inconvenience this can be. we have been working our hardest to try to prevent this, but there just isn't anything more that we can do. that being said, we very unfortunately can't process any refunds at this point, since the funds we've raised have already been put towards manufacturing + shipping. so, so sorry on this... if it helps, you'll still be getting your betterbacks in the very first shipment and sooner than april backers! also, if you like, i can also switch you over to the april tier, and while we can't refund the difference you could use it towards an extra therapy pack! again, i am really sorry about this but hope this helps!! have an amazing day and let me know if you have any more questions, of course. all the best :)
wong ho + ben: hey there! so, so sorry to have disappointed you both :( the production push back was completely unexpected, and i totally understand how much of an inconvenience this can be. we have been working our hardest to try to prevent this, but there just isn't anything more that we can do. that being said, we very unfortunately can't process any refunds at this point, since the funds we've raised have already been put towards manufacturing + shipping. so, so sorry on this... if it helps, you'll still be getting your betterbacks in the very first shipment and sooner than april backers! also, if you like, i can also switch you over to the april tier, and while we can't refund the difference you could use it towards an extra therapy pack! again, i am really sorry about this but hope this helps!! have an amazing day and let me know if you have any more questions, of course. all the best :)
delays happen, we are funding the idea, not the price. as longs as your not as delayed as fidget cube i'm satisfied :-)
i'm in agreement with wong ho lam. i would have waited and paid $30 less if i had known production was going to be pushed back. i know sometimes these things can't be prevented but we should get some of our money back, right?
i hope you could understand the 30 usd difference is substantial and it accounts for more than 30 percent of the pledge
＠creator i understand your hard effort on getting the product done to the best quality, but as there is a price different between early delivery and later delivery pledge, i would have chosen the later delivery pledge to save for that money if it could not be delivered as early as feb
vee: hey there!! thanks so much for your message — we're running into a few issues but are working our absolute hardest to get betterback therapys out as soon as possible, while still keeping a high quality product. we're just waiting on a few more specifics and will be publishing an update (hopefully tomorrow!) with some more detailed information!! so sorry you haven't heard from us yet, but keep an eye on your inbox! :) hope this helps, vee, and talk soon! have a lovely day!
is that the shipping ok ? i still waiting my tracking number. today is almost the end of the month that you said it will arrive.
tzfardaya: hey hey! thanks for the comment. unfortunately, we can't accommodate individual requests for couriers, but if it's duties/vat that you're worried about, i'm happy to say that we're refunding all duties/vat/customs fees on all betterback therapys delivered to our kickstarter backers. just send a receipt to hi@getbetterback.com within 30 days of payment and we can refund you via paypal :) hope this helps, tzfardaya! have a great weekend!
if we can request shipping companies...  i'd like mine shipped by usps if possible... not always properly trackable once it crosses i to canada,  but lightest on the duties/custom fees..
ricardo: great to connect + thank you sooo much for sharing this info! for shipping, we're actually using a variety of couriers/shipping services, so that we can offer the best shipping prices that we can. :) so, i'm unable to say specifically what courier will be used for your order unfortunately, but we're definitely not anticipating a shipping time as long as you waited! hope this helps, ricardo, and thanks tons for your support!!
ritrup: thanks so much for your comment!! we still don't have any exact dates, but we'll be sending out an update to all of our backers early next week with more info! :) let me know if you have any more qs and have an amazing day!
hi @betterback what company will you be using for shipping? i need to know this as just had the worst experience with ups mail innovations with pebble campaign, the shipment was sent on november 4th and i just received my pebble this week so i dont want to keep suffering it is ever going to arrive. please dont ship out my rewards if it is ups mail innovations, by the way i live in mexico.
@creator when will i be getting my rewards? i have not received any mail regarding the same. cheers
pete: thanks so much for your comment! so sorry for the frustration on this — we're actually still waiting to get concrete information on our end, but as soon as we get more information our shipping we will be letting everyone know asap. you can definitely expect an update early next week with some more specific info. again, sorry about this, pete, but do let me know if you have any more questions! :)
i appreciate the enthusiasm, but the communication around getting the product out has been atrocious. concrete and meaningful information would reduce the backers confusion.
susanne: great to connect!! if you haven't received your survey link, it might be in your junk/spam folder, but i'm just sending you a message now over kickstarter with your personalized survey link. you can use that too :) hope this helps!
pete + alejandro + andrew: thanks so so much for your comments!! i am so excited for you all to get your betterback therapys! :) we're hitting a few snags but working our absolute hardest to get betterbacks our asap, but at the same time not making any sacrifices in terms of product quality. we're waiting for some info but i'll be posting an update early next week with more detailed info, so keep you eye out for that! :) sorry i don't have any detailed info just yet, but i hope this helps in the meantime! all the best!!
i haven't received any shipping info either. when will i get mine? thanks
completed survey before 2/12. haven't received shipping info. everything ok?
hi there, i never received a survey link. how can you help? thanks, susanne
now that the surveys are locked, what is the timeframe for shipping out the product?
thomas: so sorry for the mix-up! just writing you a big message over pm now. looking forward to connecting and have an amazing day!! :)
wanted to add-on but had been waiting for ages for feedback via pm.
raymond: thank you sooo much for your support!! yes, this means that your order will get shipped out in our very first shipment of betterback therapy! we're hitting a few snags but working our absolute hardest to get betterbacks our asap while still maintaining a high quality product. in terms of tracking info, we're using a combination of different couriers, so whether you receive it will depend on where exactly you live! :) hope this helps, raymond, and let me know if you have any more qs! :)
joanne: hey there and so great to connect!! very unfortunately, we can't refund this amount since we don't have access to any cc info and the system just doesn't allow for it, but you can definitely use it towards an extra hot/cold therapy pack!! :) sorry if this is a frustration, joanne, but i hope this helps explain it a bit. thanks so much and have an awesome day!
question: if i have filled up the survey before the 12/feb cut off date: 1. does this mean my order will be shipped out on the month of feb? 2. will we be getting another email / message from you with the tracking information? regards,
i filled up the survey and found out i have 20 bucks left unused. will there be a refund on that? i ordered 2 betterback plus
zable: ahhh! so so glad it all worked out! :) definitely feel free to reach out if you have any more questions anytime! have a wonderful day!
el: thanks so much for the comment!! i'll send you a personalized survey link right now :)
thank god a read the comments before writing one. i was freaking out i hadn't received the survey email but it was on my spam folder like some of the other....today is february 11 and the deadline is tomorrow hopefully i won't have any issue and receive it in time
hello betterback, i still cannot find my survey link. i sent you a message. kindly use that to ship my order. thank you very much.
hillary: great to connect!! what's on amazon is actually a different product from what you see on kickstarter. this is our next gen version which has tons that's different, including the hot/cold therapy, nasa memory foam padding, a new size for a new betterback experience (betterback therapy plus), and way, way more. shipping prices do tend to be different on amazon too, since as a way larger company they are able to charge lower prices/have things like amazon prime. we're still a super tiny business! :) hope this helps, hillary, and let me know if you have any more questions!
what is the difference between this product and what's on amazon... amazon isn't charging me an additional $12 for shipping as a prime member, and non-prime members probably don't pay that amount?
ming: glad to hear you found it!! :) have an awesome day!
i realized that my backerkit survey was on my spam box and just answered it...
i realized that my backerkit survey was on my spam box and just answered it...
thomas: ahhhhmazing. thank you so so much! can't wait to hear what you think, and i hope that you love it!
tzfardaya: ahhh! thank you so much. you're totally right, our math was way off. the survey locks down on february 12th, so there's actually just over a week to complete them!! thanks so much for bringing this up! :)
thank you.  it took a couple of days to get connected with backerkit but today they were able to split my surveys and it looks like everything is good now. can't wait to get my betterback.
um.. i think your math is off... you say that you're locking the surveys on feb 12 (9 days from now), but then pushed an update saying we only have 48 hours (2 days from now) left before the survey locks... which is it?
starslight: oh perfect! thank you sooo much for your support and i hope that it helps you out tons! :) have a really wonderful day!!
ishtar: glad to hear you fixed it!! let me know if you have any more qs :)
thanks for your answer. i added one more betterback therapy plus and then expected to get 4 therapy packs. appreciate your work and hope to correct my posture afterwards. :)
hi again i've fixed the problem by putting another email address. thanks.
hi i recieved the email for survey response however when i clicked the link the second time (was busy after i clicked it the first time so did not complete it) it says it is expired. i'm trying to put my email in but it keeps saying my email cannot be found. what should i do?
monir + tzfardaya: hey there! monir, tzfardaya is totally right! :) if you'd like to send me a message privately, it's super easy. just scroll alllll the way down to the bottom of the page, and there will be an option under the faqs to ask us a question. let me know if you have any more questions! :)
@monir on the webpage (not the mobile apps) in the campaign page there is a button near the bottom labeled along the lines of "ask the creator a question", use that to send a direct/private message to the developers.
hello, i need to contact you privately how is it possible? thank you
manuel: thanks for your comment. so sorry that the shipping price is a frustration — we unfortunately do need to charge the $2.99 fee. sending you a message now with more info! have a wonderful day, manuel :)
i agree with stephane: the only reason i ordered the second pack was the $12 price. i'm really sorry but you can't make backers pay for your mistakes/lack of information on this. just want my extra credit back.
starslight: yes, you are absolutely correct! thank you soo much for your support! if you order 2x betterback therapy plus, you'll automatically be sent 4 hot/cold therapy packs with your order:) let me know if you have any more qs!
tzfardaya: great question here!! we have to lock down surveys on february 12th for backers who ordered betterbacks going out in our first shipment, so that we can get everything out on time! hope you're having an awesome day! :)
stephane: great to connect — so sorry for your frustration on this. just sending you a message with some more specific info to your situation. all the best!
you made the error of 89$ instead of 99$ and you say you're honoring that mistake but when ordering the second pack you don't mention more shipping fee and can't honor that? i don't need that second pack then. just get me my 12$ back for it.
hi  i have ordered one betterback therapy plus before. in order to get free additional therapy pack for the plus, should i order one more betterback therapy plus and then will get four therapy pack for plus in total, right?
when are you planning to lock down the surveys?
thomas: great to connect! :) yep, it sounds like the survey system is getting a bit confused since you're shipping out one betterback in feb and one in april! but no worries, there's definitely a way to sort it out! i'm just sending you a message now with deets on your specific pledge. cheers! :)
hi, i must be missing something. i used the calculator that was sent in a previous update and it had the "betterback therapy — shipping april" for $59.  i added that to my original pledge of "betterback therapy plus — shipping feb" and it said the new amount would be $188.  in the survey i see that i have additional $59, but the "betterback therapy" is $89. so where is the $59  one; what am i missing? thank you
ankit: great to connect! :) yep, if you want to grab two betterback therapys, just use the "credit" you have during the survey to select a second one as an add-on. let me know if you need any more help on this, and have an amazing day! :)
annry: horray!! so happy to hear this. i hope you love your new betterback therapy and definitely keep me posted with your thoughts on it! :)
tzfardaya: hey tzfardaya! great question:) yep, if you change your pledge to be for 2x betterback therapys instead of just one, we'll automatically include 4 (total) hot/cold therapy packs. you don't have to add these during the survey or pay any additional shipping fees unless you want even more therapy packs as add-ons, besides the free extra therapy packs that you're already getting! let me know if you have any more questions about this! :)
jayden: thank you tons for your support!! yes, i'm more than happy to say that you'll get 4 hot/cold therapy packs included with your order if you ordered 2x betterback therapys. no need to add extra ones on during the survey, we'll ship them out to you automatically! hope this helps, jayden, and have a great day!
dennis: hey dennis!! shipping for ks orders should definitely tend to be cheaper, since we want to give you guys the very best deal possible. shipping prices will vary though based on order quantity and reward tier on indiegogo, but i'll go investigate + get back to you about this! :)
vincent: thanks for your comment and tons for your support!! :) we're using a combination of different shipping couriers to give you guys the best price possible — the exact courier will depend on where you live. hope this helps, vincent!
francesca: aw, thank you so, so much for the kind words!! :) so excited to hear your thoughts about betterback therapy, i really hope that you love it! have a wonderful day! :)
christopher: hey there! :) if you pledged for more than one betterback therapy, you're totally correct in that you'll get a bonus therapy pack for each for free! there's no need to add this into the survey, we'll send you them automatically! :) hope this helps!
kate: yes, sorry about this — all payments are handled through kickstarter so we just don't have access to this, and at the same time we didn't want to overcharge our other backers an extra $10 that they weren't expecting. this was the best option, even though i understand it's totally not ideal at all :( again, apologies about the frustration on this, kate!
stephane + manuel + jamie + phil + cindy + achim: hey there!! so sorry for the confusion about this. unfortunately, the small hot/cold therapy packs actually cost us over $5 in postage to most countries that we're shipping them to. we are subsidizing this to get the very best deal for you guys, but unfortunately we do still have to charge a small shipping fee of $2.99. :( i hope that this clarifies things a bit and i'm so sorry if this is a frustration. thanks so much for your comments + have a great day!
yeah, that reallllllly sucks. you might as well just not have made the change. time to contact kickstarter and get told the samething, gang!
tim + christian + kate + butler: great question here and thanks so much for addressing this!! we had made a mistake in one place showing a price of $89, while the actual price is supposed to be $99. we are honoring this mistake and offering it now at $89 as a result. really unfortunately i can't refund the difference since we don't have your cc info and the system doesn't allow this as an option. you can definitely feel free to use it towards an extra therapy pack, though! hope this explains things and so sorry about the confusion. let me know if you have any more qs! :)
arvin: hey there! from my records it does look like the survey was sent to you! let me know if you still haven't received it (maybe it's in your junk folder!) and we can sort something out! :) have an awesome day!
hi. i pledged for 2 betterbacks. while filling the survey do i still need to add the second one from the add ons?
i was initially overcharged for the estimated shipping and there is no option for me to get my $10 back. it just says that any extra funds that i don't put toward any of the add ons (all more than $10) will be put towards the project. how's about refunding people who got over charged instead?
i am a bit confused, in the campaign it said "add 12 dollar to get a warm cold pack as addon ". i added those 12 dollars and now it says i owe 2.99$ for sending this addon... this was not mentioned as far as i know.
unhappy that the special offers that were included in emails and excel calculator sheets are not able to be entered on the survey.   ordered two with additional hot/cold packs and now being asked to enter more money.  have also sent in a comment on the survey form.
disappointed that the extra therapy pack carries an additional shipping fee which wasn't previously indicated.
just got my survey!! yay!! can't wait to get the product :) thank you
just re-read the updates.. it looks like additional shipping is included for extra betterbacks, never mentions anything about additional shipping for ordering *extra* heat/cold packs, (extra, not the included 1 for single bbt orders, or the 2 for multiple bbt orders) sine the double heat/cold therapy packs are included with the order of multiple bbt kits, you shouldn't have to add them on as "extras" in backerkit... the extra's section is for thing over and above the stock kickstarter pledge... what i would like to know is, i pledged for a single bbt, if i order/add a second one in backerkit, do we still get the double heat/cold therapy packs?
hello there! just done my survey and can't wait to get my betterback! question: will i get my four hot/cold packs for free automatically for the two betterback that i have ordered? i did not include in my add-ons as it will charge me $12 and additional $2.99 for shipping each on the hot/cold pack. waiting for your reply :)
i'm also interested in the response for the extra $2.99 shipping for the additional $12 heat/cold pack. i don't want to go back in through prior comments - but it was definitely implied that the extra pack would be $12 will no additional shipping.
hi, can i check whether shipping is calculated/handled differently for indiegogo and kickstarter orders? directed a friend to your pre-order page and was told that shipping to singapore is only $10 on indiegogo - a fair bit lower than the $20 i paid when i pledged on ks. is this intended?
i did the math 27 times before the end of the campaign and somehow still wound up doing it incorrectly. i'm $10 over.  can i get that money credited bank to my card?
hi, in your update, you posted that people who buy 2+ better backs get the therapy packs for free. i pledged for 3 and it is charging me for the therapy pack add ons. please advise. thanks!
same as stephane... i paid the extra 12$ for the second pack and now you're charging us with an extra 2.99 for add-on shipping...!? i'm not willing to pay more, so i'd like my extra 12$ back.
please, don't use fedex for shipping. they charge customer with high fees.
i paid the extra 12$ for the second pack. now on the survey, i can add that pack but need to pay am extra 2.99 for add-on shipping. extra unannounced fees shouldn't be allowed. if need be, just give me back my 12$ because i will not pay even more
i just got the survey, updated the order to get one additional betterback therapy plus and now i can't wait to receive it!! will i be albe to wait until april?? :d  thanks a lot charlotte for your fast answers and support :d (i did read the update) and thanks to the whole team :)
hi, on your previous update, one of your news was: #2 - if you buy 2+ betterbacks, you’ll get a second therapy pack for each betterback for free!! i pledged for 2 betterbacks, and realise your system does not include the free therapy packs in the addons survey, when i select 2 betterbacks. will we receive the free therapy packs in such cases?
i have the same question as tim. "i appreciate that you've lowered the price of the betterback plus for all backers, but i now have $10 in credit that i don't need. can i get that refunded to my cc?"
i appreciate that you've lowered the price of the betterback plus for all backers, but i now have $10 in credit that i don't need. can i get that refunded to my cc?
hi, i have not received the survey. am i expecting delivery for feb? or? thanks
malav: hey malav! :) yep, if you pay an extra $12 for a hot/cold therapy pack, you'll receive 2x hot/cold therapy packs total with your betterback therapy. hope this helps and have a great evening!
tzfardaya: hey there! surveys will be sent out through backerkit :) let me know if you have any questions about that!!
wondering since i added $12 for a hot/cold pack and one hot/cold pack comes with better back. will i be receiving 2 hot/cold packs?
okay thank you
is the survey through backerkit? or kickstarter?
adam + pete: thanks so much for both of your comments!! no worries if you haven't received the survey yet, it's going out in batches! if you haven't got your survey today, it'll be in your inbox tomorrow :) cheers + have the most wonderful day!
jose + clare: so, so glad to hear it!! :) thanks for the kind words and hope that you both love your betterback therapys!!
i am unable to locate the survey. is it meant to be out for everyone in the "early backer love", or is it going out in batches?
when will survey be sent out?
awesome, mine is in too :d
order complete!! thank you very much for an amazing product and even better service!
jose: hmmm, so strange! i've just made another adjustment — let me know how it's working now! :)
thank you for the awesome response time.  i've tried several times to add the second item nor, but it still shows as $99. this includes me logging out of survey and using a newly emailed link.
clare + jose: thanks so much for the heads up!! it should definitely be $89, i've just gone ahead and changed it on backerkit :) sorry for the confusion! the price is actually supposed to be $99, but because it says $89 on one of the reward tiers we are definitely going to honor the lesser price :) hope this helps and thanks again for all your support!
i emailed about the same extra $10 question, waiting on response.
on the tier level i pledged it says to add an extra bbt+ was $89, which i did add before the campaign ended, yet in the survey it's wanting to charge me an extra $10 for this?
annie: thank you tons for your support, annie! :) i'm happy to say that your betterback therapy will automatically include with a hot/cold therapy pack with it! the option to add on the survey is just in case you want an extra one :) our hot/cold therapy packs are environmentally-friendly + can be cooled down in the freezer or heated up in a microwave. let me know if you have any more questions, annie, and have an amazing day!!
jin: hey there! shipping is only free on betterback therapy orders shipped in february, and it does cost $12 to ship april orders of betterback therapy within the united states! hope this helps, jin, and definitely let me know if you have any more questions! :) have a wonderful day!!
hi l just received my survey in the email. noticed there is an option to add hot/cold pack for $12. so the better back doesn't automatically come with any hot/cold pack, and is sold separately? :(  also can you provide more information regarding the hot/cold pack?
i won't be charged for shipping right? the $12.
jocelyn: thank you tons and tons for your support!! happy to say that the survey is officially going out today, so make sure to check your email! have a wonderful day! :)
eric: hey there!! thank you so so much for your support. tzfardaya is 100% correct, you can input your shipping info in our survey which will be going out to your email inbox today! :)
@tzfardaya. thank you very much
is there any update on the survey's ?
@eric when they send the survey.
when do i need to update my home address for shipping? thanks.
elisabetta: so so glad you're excited to get your betterback!! i hope that you love it :) we had to make a few final tweaks, and you'll now be receiving the survey this monday! keep an eye on your inbox in the next few days! :)
hi! i can't wait to receive my product :) is there any update on the survey's front?
beatrice: thanks sooo much for connecting! i'm so glad you're excited to get your betterback therapy, i hope that you love it! as for an update, we're planning on sending surveys out tomorrow (friday at the latest)! so stay tuned for then :) cheers!
hi! i can't wait to receive my betterback! is there an update as to when we'll get our surveys and orders? thanks and looking forward to receiving my betterback! :)
daniel: thank you so so much for your support!! we're still not sure the exact date in feb, but definitely as soon as we possibly can that month! the date that you'll receive it depends on your exact address (cities will receive it faster than more rural areas)! hope this helps and have an amazing day! :)
hello. i ordered a betterback which i'm really looking forward to receiving. i was just wondering if there was a estimate date when our betterbacks will be posted? (i'm in brisbane, australia) dan
b: hey there, thank you sooo much for your support! it is more than okay for you both to share the same betterback! it's super easy to adjust, so you can just switch up the straps each time you share it. let me know if you have any more qs + have a wonderful day!!
hi! just wondering if it's okay for my husband and i to share the same betterback? thanks!
steven: hey! thank you so so much for your support!! the survey will be out next week, so stay tuned! :)
monravitch: hey there!! the last update was mainly to say that our international backers won't have to pay duties/vat on delivery, and that if you pledged for more than one betterback, you'll get an extra therapy pack for each thrown in for free, and you won't have to pay any additional shipping cost on additional betterbacks :) since you pledged for just one betterback and are shipping to the us, these things don't really apply, but you can always add on more betterbacks or therapy packs during the survey to take advantage of this deal! hope this makes a bit more sense, monravitch! :)
survey?
so whats the last update about? i got confused.
monravitch: so great to connect and thank you so much for your support!! :) i just took a look at your pledge and based on what you pledged, nothing changes! you'll get your brand new betterback therapy in february as planned! let me know if you have any more questions, monravitch!
hello, i missed the updated. i pledge $89 for february shipping for one betterback only, what does the update means?
francesca: you got it!! :)
awesome, thanks! :d (and thanks for the quick response)
francesca: hey there! so so great to connect and thank you sooo much for the kind words! :) yes, it's looking like you'll have the option to add on extra betterbacks and therapy packs during the survey when we send it out! and that would also mean that it'll come with the perks that we're giving to all of our kickstarter backers :) the survey should be going out next week, so make sure to keep an eye on your inbox for it! thank you so much, francesca!
hello! great work with this project :) looking forward to receiving my betterback! :d so, i saw in the comments below that you are planning on adding betterback options during the survey, is that right? when you say the add-ons prices will be the same as the original, does that include the update (double the therapy packs, free shipping on all additional units, discounts etc)? because i missed the update ( :( ) and i would have liked to order one more with those perks... btw my order is for april, is the survey coming next week or later? thanks! :d
jorge: thank you so much for the kind words!! i am beyond excited to send out the first batch of betterback therapy :) and to answer your question, we'll be sending out the shipping survey most likely at some point next week, so no worries yet! just keep an eye on your inbox for it. :) thanks tons, jorge!
monica: hey there and thank you soo much for your support! tzfardayais totally right— kickstarter works by charging our backers after our campaign ends, so that we can use the campaign funds to get your betterback therapy all ready and delivered to you! hope this helps + let me know if you have any questions, monica!! all the best! :)
hi, first of all congrats for this great peoject that certainly will help a lot of people worldwide. i just have a question, i've not received an email after the project was succesfully backed so i wonder if you guys have already send some sort of info or notifications about the shipping and deliveries thanks!
@monica kickstarter takes the funds as soon as the campaign fundraising period ends,  holds it for 14 days,  then passes it on to the project developers so they have the necessary funds to make/build/finish the project and send you the product you backed for.
i was under the impression that i would not be charged until april since that is when my order was supposed to ship. :(
kathi: thank you so much for the kind words!! it really means the world :) i hope that you both love your new betterback therapys and get tons and tons of relief. have the most wonderful day and definitely keep me posted with your thoughts!!
i cant wait to give one to my daughter.. she work's as a charge nurse and in management in a physiatrics. she has to do a lot of paperwork and sometimes is sitting for 8-10 hours at a time. to top it off she is at night in online school for her graduate program as a nurse practitioner she has a sore back a lot since she was 16 from a job injury. she will be so excited! i myself have a bad back from a car accident and really hurts when i stand a lot. but sitting is impossible after a long day..cant wait to give this shot!  you are truly amazing getting this created! good luck to you in this whole process! oh and thank you!!
gordon: amazing. thank you so much for the kind words!! it really, really means a lot, and the biggest of thanks for all of your support. :)
kelvin: hey there! yep, we should be keeping the add-on prices the same as the original kickstarter prices as a special for our kickstarter backers :) have an awesome day!
@creator, just wanted to give you kudos on your constant communications. i know backers can be demanding (to say the least), but of all the projects i've backed over the years, you've definitely been the best by a long mile! keep it up!
will the price be same for the add-on?
ali: nooo worries there! we're looking into the option of adding on betterback therapys during our shipping survey! :) so, you should be able to grab another one then. hope this helps + thank you soo much for your support!
achim: aww, thank you so much for the kind words, achim!! we all love chatting with you guys and hearing your thoughts, it's one of the best parts! :)
i am so sad i was not able to add second better back to my pledge :'(
it's so cool how much you communicate with your backers. in times of many scams and black sheeps it is great to find someone like you �
thanks :)
eftychia: thanks for your support!! and nooo worries. kickstarter won't officially list your quantity of betterbacks as two, but we'll see your pledge amount and be sure to send you two automatically. all good! have an amazing day! :) + tzfardaya: you are a kickstarter pro!!
b: so great to connect and thanks for your support :) :) i'm currently looking into offering a more dynamic survey system that allows add-ons, so stay tuned! :) we'll keep you posted about adding extra betterbacks and therapy packs!
rayshiro: hey there!! my records are showing that your pledge is $79, so it does include a betterback therapy in the april shipment plus shipping to singapore. you're all good! :) hope this clarifies things, and thank you so much for your support!
soh: good eye, thanks so much for connecting and being proactive about this!! we're currently looking into options for that type of thing, so stay tuned and we'll have a solution soon! :) have a great day!
nol: thank you sooo much!! wouldn't have been possible with all of your support, it really means the world. :) i hope that you love betterback therapy + have the most wonderful day!
kelvin: yes, we're looking into backerkit!! we will hopefully be offering a more dynamic survey system than what kickstarter offers, so that you'll be able to get exactly what you need. :) i'll keep you posted, but we'll make sure to find something that works everything out! :)
lin: thank you soo much for the kind words!! really hope that it helps you both out :) :)
@eftychia the kickstarter email will only refer to the tier you pledged,  not anything additional you've added...
i've pledged $158 which is twice the price ($59) for betterback therapy  + travellling costs that is because im willing to have 2 -  betterback therapy (original size) but in the email i received is stated that i receive only 1. can you please inform me relatively?
hello winners! i inadvertently added $59 to my pledge instead of $89. how can i add the $30 i owe for two regular betterbacks? many thanks.
hi there, can i check with you about the amount pledged i did? initially i pledged $79 but after that i changed it to $59 option instead. but the email i received is $79. is the $79 included the shipment fee?
hi there, congrats on the successful campaign. i had changed my pledge from one to two, but i didn't realise that the shipping cost didn't auto add upon my changing of the amount - probably because the amount is already beyond the pledge default amount. so my pledge now is $118 which doesn't factor in the shipping to singapore. how can this be rectified? will there be another window to make good the difference? thanks!
looking forward to this, have been having problems with posture and back for most of my adult life and hope this will help relieve that and train my back more properly. incredible run :)
oh not using backerkit to fill up the survey
excited to let my wife try this and say goodbye to back pains after a long day at work. hoping the product helps! thank you for innovating a product that could help a lot of people
kevin: i can't believe it!! what a crazy number — beyond thrilled! :)
herman: so honored to be your 1st kickstarter project! really hope you love betterback therapy and thank you sooo much for your support! :)
jerry: agreed!! :) have the most awesome day, jerry!
kelvin: hey! so unfortunately you can't change your pledge through our kickstarter survey :( so sorry about this, but thank you so much for your support!! :)
kate: amazing! can't wait to hear  your thoughts about it!! :)
you made it to $1 million! congrats!
congratulations to betterback team... what an awesome project! it's my first time pledging on kickstarter and i'm so excited to try your product...
let's help some backs! w00t w00t
will i be able to add-on additional betterback 2nd shipment for $59 when the survey is out?
that's a wrap! looking forward to wrapping my betterback around my waist in a few months!  ;)
neil: yes! very unfortunately once kickstarter campaigns end you can't adjust your pledge (and we can't on our end either). we should be selling our therapy packs after the campaign is over, i'll keep you posted! sorry about the timing difficulty :( have a wonderful evening!! :)
joseph: thank you! i cannot believe this!! :)
raffi: sounds totally correct as far as i can see! thank you sooo much for your support and can't wait to hear your thoughts on betterback therapy! :) :)
wynter: amazing, thank youuu! i hope that you love it! :)
teng + jose: big thanks to you both!! i am so, so thrilled. :d
kate: we can't believe it!! so amazing!! :) :)
hi, i wanted to receive an extra hot/cold pack for my better back therapy but it looks like i was 12 mins too late. since the campaign ended it won't allow me to adjust my pledge amount. it is possible to still get an extra pack at the discounted price?
wow over a million grats
hi, i pledged for $148 plus $18 shipping to canada so a total of $166 ($59 regular 2nd order plus $89 for the additional betterback plus plus $18 shipping to canada.  hope this is correct!
congratulations. can't wait to get mine in april. hopefully it will correct posture as it's having a bad effect on ribs.
congratulations�
3...2...1... congrats on the awesome campaign!!
million club! seriously amazing! congrats! don't throw out your backs celebrating, team! �
marlena: yes, you're totally correct! the differences are the shipment dates (the april shipment is priced lower since it's a later date), and we subsidize international shipping/have free us shipping only on the february shipment. thanks so, so much! cheers! :)
suraj: we cannot believe it!! what a dream come true, oh my gosh. thank you for your support :)
gregory: amazing!! hope you love them + thank you hugely for your support!! :)
adam: sounds good to me! :) have a wonderful evening and hope you love your betterback!!
jason: hey there! unfortunately, i'm pretty sure that kickstarter doesn't allow for pledge changes after our campaign is over! however, you can always grab an additional betterback therapy after the campaign is over (although it sadly won't come with kickstarter freebies!). thanks so, so much :)
sorry, wrong button pushed somewhere. let's try that, again. trying to understand this. if i change from the bb therapy plus // early backer love to the betterback therapy plus // 2nd shipment this is what appears to happen. - i now pay $30 less for the actual product. - i now pay $14 in shipping rather than no shipping which comes to a savings of $16 between the two situations - it will come two months later that about sum it up?
trying to understand this. if i change from the bb therapy plus // early backer love  to the betterback therapy plus // 2nd shipment this is what appears to happen.
1 million. congrats ! :)
hey katherine, congrats on an awesome campaign.  i just updated my original order of two betterback therapies, and added a betterback therapy plus to the order. for a total of $307 for the feb. delivery. my phone is acting wonky, so i hope it went through correctly.  once again, awesome job. thanks
thank you i did not know i could do that so now my pledge shows $83  $59 for better back $12 for additional heat pack and $12 for shipping. please make sure this is correct
i don't know if this has already been mentioned, but can we add an additional better back during our surveys? and would those additional better backs trigger the latest update "freebies"? (i.e. if i order 2 bb, then add 1 additional bb in the survey, would that come out to 3 bb + 3 additional hot/code packs?)
hyun: thank you soooo much for your support!! it means the world! :)
steven: amazing, i really hope betterback therapy helps you out!! :) :) and yes, since you'll ordering two you'll get 4x therapy packs with your order! :d
anne: hurray!! sooo happy to hear this anne :) hope you both love them!!
nevermind - just read below - 1 hot cold for 1 better back - 4 if you pledge for 2 better backs
so a hot/cold pack comes with each pledge? or i have to add in seperately (add the cost to the pledge)?
i've been looking for something great and special for business sometime now and wow! i am so looking forward to try out this product!!! congratulations for reaching your goal!
just to make sure i am ordering 1 of each do i get an extra of each hot/cold pack?
this new update made my day. i'm a tradesman and suffer from knee and back pain all the time. i am really looking forward to testing out your product!  awesome job!
thanks for the clarification re. shipping - after a (long!) chat with hubby i'm delighted to say we've ordered one of each size and opted for the february shipping :-) congratulations on what looks to be a brilliant product!
steve: you got it! :) :)
thanks for the clarification!
tim: hey there, thanks so much for connecting! there is zero difference between betterback therapys in the april shipment and the feb shipment except for the shipment dates! the only other thing is that international shipping is subsidized and us shipping is free in the february shipment. :) have an awesome day!
(sorry, i was looking at the backerclub bonus from the first campaign)
to make sure: is there any other difference between the $99 level and the $129 level for a betterback plus besides getting it two months earlier (or one month in my case as a backerclub member)?
thanks for replying. please check my reply @creator
kate: thank you! i cannot believe it, sooo amazing! :)
anne + jamie: just wanted to follow up! if you order different betterbacks from different shipments (one in april, one in feb), then you will have to pay 2 shipping costs unfortunately! hope this makes sense + let me know if you have any more questions :) have a wonderful day!
thanks for the final clarification and whahoo congrats on 10,000 backers!!!!
steve: great to connect and thanks for your support :) so sorry about the confusion, you'll also get a free therapy pack for your first betterback, since you're pledging for more than one! :d that means, you only need to pledge $166 ($59 + $89 + $18 shipping to canada). hope this helps!!
kate: yes, you're absolutely right kate, it's totally my bad :) thanks for understanding!
ooooookay!
i'm fairly certain a jury of peers wouldn't rule that the reasonable person would interpret "each" in "second therapy pack for each betterback" as each additional therapy pack, but you do you.
hi all! so sorry for the confusion about the additional therapy packs! it's been a busy last 24 hours to say the least! what most of you are saying (and what the update says!) is 100% correct — if you pledge for more than one betterback, you'll get 2 therapy packs per betterback! so feel free to disregard what i wrote below :) for example: - if you pledge 1 betterback, you'll get 1 therapy pack - if you pledge 2 betterbacks, you'll get 4 therapy packs or - if you pledge 5 betterbacks, you'd get 10 therapy packs again, apologies for the confusion! i'll message you all directly to make sure that you know what's up. thanks sooo much for all of your support and i'm so excited for you all to give betterback therapy a try! :d
i would like a betterback and a betterback plus, as well as an additional heat/cold pack for each. i've pledged $188: $59 (pledge) + $99 (the additional betterback plus, which comes with a free extra pack) + $12 (the additional pack for the first betterback, which is not free) + $18 (shipping to canada) is $188 correct?
hi there.  you have recently stated that if someone purchases 2 betterbacks they will receive 3 therapy packs, however that contradicts the statements made in your updates...  1) if you buy 2 bb's, you'll get a 2nd therapy pack for each bb for free,  and further down... 2) if you buy 2+ bb's you'll get double the therapy packs. why then are you now saying it's only an extra therapy pack for each "additional" bb?
djayawarman: thanks for connecting, just responded to your message! :)
ankit: thanks so much for your comment :) since we're giving out therapy pack freebies, if you pledge for 2x betterback therapys with $142, you'll already get an extra therapy pack (so 3 total!). that amount is totally correct — if you want even more therapy packs, it's super easy, just add on an extra $12 per added therapy pack! hope this helps, ankit!! :)
adam: sounds good — will check out your message + get back to your about your specific situation. :)
jef: thanks so much for your comment!! :) check out the message below to m, kate + nausicaa which explains things in more detail, but you get a free hot/cold therapy pack for each *additional* betterback therapy that you add to your order! so, for example, if you pledge for 2x betterback therapys, you'll receive 3 hot/cold therapy packs in the mail. hope this helps + have a wonderful day! :)
m, kate, + nausicaa: great to connect and so sorry for any confusion!! basically, if you pledge for multiple betterbacks you'll get a free hot/cold therapy pack for each *additional* betterback. as an example, if you order 2x betterbacks, you'll get 3 therapy packs total (one from the 1st betterback and two from the 2nd). similarly, if you pledge 3x betterbacks, then you'll get 5 therapy packs (one from the 1st and two for each additional betterback). so sorry for the confusion but hope that this clarifies things a bit... if there's still anything that's unclear definitely reach out anytime! again, sorry for the confusing wording — i hope you all love your freebies. :) cheers!
hi sent you a message please check
i have selected 2 better backs ($59) and pledged $142 including shipping of $24. now i also would like to add 2 therapy packs but the calculator shows the pledge to be $142 only. how much should be my final pledge?
angelina: soo great to connect! just checked out your pledge and saw that you pledged $150 — are you just ordering 2x $59 betterback therapys? if this is the case, you only need to pledge $130 (59 x 2 + $12 shipping). however, if you want one betterback therapy and one betterback therapy plus, just add on an extra $30. hope this makes sense, definitely let me know if anything is still unclear! :) hope you + your father love your betterbacks!
@ creator thank you for the answer about shipping. i am still confused about the extra pack i still have no answer for how to upgrade and get a additional hot/cold pack. i have not been offered a upgrade for extra $ before outside of the pledged amount. i am kinds new and only have a couple backed projects. so i will just stick with original $ pledged. will also copy to pm
same comment as m made about an hour ago... i also increased my pledge thinking it was an extra therapy pack for each bb... as stated in the update.
i'm confused, your last update says:  "#2 - if you buy 2+ betterbacks, you’ll get a second therapy pack for each betterback for free!!"  this means if i order 2 betterbacks, i'll get a second therapy pack for each of my betterbacks so 2 additional, that means 4 therapy packs total. but here in the comments section you are saying « we are gifting an extra hot/cold therapy pack per additional betterback therapy that you purchase » and to me this is two different things. could you clarified this please?
oh, i was *still* confused.  so it's just one extra therapy pack if you buy 2?
@creator/katherine your latest update said (emphasis with asterisks mine), "if you buy 2+ betterbacks, you’ll get a second therapy pack *for each* betterback for free!!" so if someone pledged for 2 betterbacks, they would get 4 therapy packs (one with each and one free for each). if someone pledged for 3 betterbacks, they would get 6 therapy packs. but your answers to some comments indicate that it would just be 1 free therapy pack in total. for the above two examples, the backer would get 3 and 4 therapy packs, respectively. please clarify which is right - a second therapy pack for each or just one extra in the total. i increased my pledge thinking it was for each (as per the update).
hello! first, i'm very excited about this product. my father has had unbearable back pain for years and i think this product might help alleviate some of that for him. i pledged and then added the additional money for a second betterback (i followed the instructions in the pledge category). do i need to do anything different or will i be able to add that second one in after the campaign is a success? i want to make sure that i do everything correct because i really want two and i'm super excited about this product.
adam: great question and thanks so much for your support :) shipping is not free, what we mean by that sentence that you quoted is that you won't have to pay extra on delivery. usually, when you get your betterback therapy delivered internationally you'd have to pay customs/duties fees, but we are covering that as a bonus! you have to pay shipping to your country, but the other part of the bonus is that it won't go up if you pledge for more than one betterback therapy. in terms of the hot/cold therapy packs, we are gifting an extra hot/cold therapy pack per additional betterback therapy that you purchase! this means, for example, if you pledge for 2 betterback therapys, you'll receive 3 hot/cold therapy packs. :) so sorry for the confusion but hope this helps clarify things a bit!! let me know if you have any more questions, i'm happy to help! :)
jasper + palm: thanks so much for your awesome help, palm. :) jasper, palm knows what's up! it looks like you'd have to pledge $256 (4x $59 + $20 shipping). we're not covering international shipping, it's just that you won't have to pay extra shipping if you order multiple betterback therapys! :) (usually, we would have to charge more to pay for the extra weight). and, you won't have to pay customs/duties in singapore. hope this makes sense + let me know if you have any more questions!
benoit: so great to connect!! the nice thing about having more than one hot/cold therapy pack is that it's just nice to have an extra one around! for example, you could keep one at your office, and one at home. or, you could give one to a friend! totally your call. hope this helps! :)
anne barringer: amazing!! thank you so much for your support, it really means a lot :) the bonus therapy pack will just come with the second betterback therapy that you've pledged, but otherwise that sounds totally good to me! i hope that you love them + have the most wonderful day!
li-cheng: hope you're having a wonderful day!! :) the $89 price point is for a betterback therapy with delivery in february, and the $99 price point is for betterback therapy plus delivered in april. hope this helps!! :)
gordon: so happy to hear this!! hope you love it! :)
christoffer: hey there! awesome to connect. :) what specifically do you mean by eu-friendly? if you're wondering whether you'll have to pay international customs/duties, i'm so happy to answer that you will not! :) hope this answers your question + let me know if you have any more!
anne + jamie: such a great question here and thanks so, so much for bringing this up!! i'm just double checking on what you'd pay for shipping if you're ordering a betterback therapy from the february and april shipments — let me get back to you in the next couple of hours! but for now, your comment has been heard and is currently being looked into! :) thanks so much for your patience!
palm + teng: palm, thanks so much for having our backs!! :) teng, palm is totally right here. if you pledge for 1 betterback therapys, then you'll just get the 1 hot/cold therapy pack that comes included. however, if you pledge for 2 betterback therapys, then you will get a bonus therapy pack (in additional to the one that's included) for free — so, in this situation, you'd receive 3 hot/cold therapy packs. hope this helps clarify things! :)
i want to confirm my pledge for 2 original size will b 59+59+shipping is that correct?
faried: yep, you're absolutely right! betterback therapy plus is super customizable, so it's amazing that it fits a huge variety of people. even if you're quite petite, you should be able to adjust it to fit you, although we haven't tested how small it can go :) the only physical difference between the two is the sizes, so this translates into the amount of coverage and also the portability. hope this helps, faried! :)
nguyen: totally not a silly question and thanks so much for your comment! so, by 2+ we mean that you get the freebies if you buy 2,3,4,5.... (or more!) betterback therapys on kickstarter. :) hope this helps and let me know if you have any other questions!! :)
i did read it again it does not say free shipping just for additional better backs this is the exact wording below  " this means you won’t have to pay a dime more when your betterback is delivered to you, no matter where in the world you live, saving you up to $25 per betterback." am i reading it wrong?
anne thanks for making my question feel warranted!  i feel so awful adding the list the list of pricing queries.  i'm hoping that regardless of the amount we put in, there will be time to explain what i wanted to pay for and a way for them to increase/decrease the amount to correct.  either way - i'm stoked as i type with hunched over shoulders.
okay thank you
@jasper kuai you should read the update carefully. the last update stated "this means that no matter how many betterbacks you order (to the same address), you’ll only pay for the shipping cost of the 1st betterback and we will take care of the rest! " you still have to pay the shipping fee for your 1st betterback, and there won't be additional shipping fee for 2nd betterback and onwards...
@jasper kuai we only pay one shipping for the 1st betterback. additional betterback/s (to the same address) will enjoy free shipping.
my pledge says $71 and now there is no shipping that is wonderful. if i want a 2nd hot/cold pack do i just add $6 dollars to my pledge?  i think some are getting confused about this extra pack for buying 2 better backs. after reading the update it says if you buy 2 better backs you will get 4 hot/cold packs you will get the additional 2packs free
anyway i've pledged $237 already just in case. hope to get your reply soon! thanks :)
i'd like to echo jamie's query below regarding the amount that would need to be pledged to get an early betterback therapy and a late betterback therapy plus, and also how that would affect your offer of free shipping for a second product when you would presumably incur extra shipping costs to send one in february and one in april? (i live in london, uk, if that makes any difference :-) )
@benoit keep one in the freezer so it's always cold,  keep the other out for the microwave.
hi i'm from singapore. i would like 4x betterbacks (2nd shipment), so the calculator summed it to be $236 ($59 x 4). however, the original rewards page indicated that after deducting $20 for shipping, my pledge would only be $217. please advise if i would need to pledge $236 as per the calculator, or if i would need to pledge $256 after factoring in the additional $20 for shipping. as i also noted that in the latest update, shipping costs would be waived (i'm from singapore, one of the top cities haha). thanks!
could someone kindly explain me the interest of having two hot/cold packs instead of one? thanks in advance.
this may have been asked before but was not able to find it - is this project eu friendly?
also - thank you for the awesome discounts!  great to see this campaign soar!
it's my interpretation that if i want an early betterback therapy ($89 because it includes shipping) and a late betterback therapy plus ($99). my updated pledge should be $188. and it just happens to also include two free therapy packs for each size.
@teng if you pledge for 1 betterback, then you will get only 1 hot/cold pack for free. if you pledge for 2 betterback, then you will get 1+1 hot cold pack for free. each betterback will come up with 1 hot/cold pack.
does it means that when i pay for one betterpack, it includes the second hot/cold pack for free? or i need to buy two betterpack, then it includes the second hot/cold for free? correct me if i confuded again..huhu.  thanks..
@teng the 2nd hot/cold pack for each better back is free. you will pay for both better back
update: pledge 2+ betterback therapies and you'll get: a second hot/cold therapy pack for each betterback for free!! is it means that buy 2 free 1 or buy 1 free 1 or what ? can someone clarify this? thanks
first, i love, love, love your enthusiasm.  it's what made me decide to get a second one (both sizes now). it's early morning before coffee for me, so i'm just checking i did this right. i went from early delivery plus size to regular delivery plus and added the smaller one for regular delivery, then added shipping and came up with $172. and now both of them will cone with a free second pack (2 packs for each one in respective sizes ) thanks for such a festive way to start my day!
my pledge says i can add 89$ for additional betterback therapy plus. but the calculator says 99$, so which one is correct?
ignore my question i reread the update and understand it now, thanks so much!
not sure how i missed this project early on... but i'm looking forward to relieving my back pains!
hi,  does the the plus size better back works for smaller people as well? am i right to say that the only difference between those 2 are the coverage area for support? cheers
thank you for your update. i'm just a little bit confused. you said if we buy 2+ bb then we get discount but i don't really understand this means 2 bb or we have to buy more than 2 (which means 3 or 4,5,etc. bb). i know this is a silly question but i hope you will answer. by the way, thank you for everything :)
hi i'm a little confused with the latest update on the discounts. what i have now is 1x betterback therapy pack $83 are you saying if i add either $12 or $18 to my pledge i will get an additional betterback therapy pack? and in addition to my order i get another one for free because i've purchased +2?
@srikanth b - you're great! thank you!!
@fea — so great to connect. your betterback will come with 1 therapy pack (it's reusable and works in both the freezer and the microwave). we had a whole bunch of people request 2 therapy packs to use, which is why we are making them available. if you'd like to add a second therapy pack to your pledge, it's super simple. use our pledge calculator here: http://bit.ly/2iza4g3 and then click "manage your pledge" to update your total right here: http://kck.st/2iducyx (it takes about 60 seconds). let me know if you have more qs and thank you soooo so much for supporting us!
@fea each better back comes with one insert pack. the update mentions about the option of adding a 2nd heat/cold pack at a discounted price.
hi @catherine! it's so great to meet a c/katherine sister on the other side of the world. :) the sizing is a bit more complicated than mere waist size. the true measurement is from the outside of your left knee, around your body, to the outside of your right knee, but of course no one knows that measurement. ;) it sounds like both sizes will fit you. if portability is really important to you, i'd go with betterback therapy. if you'll leave this on your favorite seat and want to use it throughout the days, i'd go with betterback therapy plus. hope this helps and happy to get into more detail if it would be helpful. big hugs!
hi there, sorry, i'm a little confused by the last update. are the heat/cool insert packs included in the package? if not,  where do we purchase these as i cannot see an option for this under the pledge options? thank you.
hi katherine, are you able to please confirm if the measurements are of the waist above the belly button or more the hip size. i have a 36 inch waist and 44 inch hips. i have ordered a better back therapy the regular size but i am happy to add the extra $30 to my pledge if the one i have ordered will be too small. i was a little confused sorry! looking forward to getting my betterback in april!!! catherine (new zealand)
yogi: awesome to connect! if you have a medical condition i would definitely recommend chatting with your doctor first to make sure that betterback is a good fit for you! i'm not a doctor and everyone has a different history, so while betterback has provided tons of relief for people with various back issues, i want to make sure that it's a good choice for you. thanks sooo much + i hope this helps! :)
is this product okay to be used if i have ankylosing spondilitys disease?
joseph: hey there! no difference at all — all rewards come with a free copy of our awesome e-book, posture 5!! hope this clarifies things + apologies for any confusion! :) hope you love your betterback therapy, joseph!!
aden: yep, tzafardaya is on it. tons of neck pain can be caused by poor posture. betterback works by stabilizing your pelvis (which is actually the keystone to good posture), and naturally stacking your spine, all the way up to your neck. hope this helps explain things and bit and definitely let me know if you have any more qs! :)
owen: awesome question!! :) betterback therapy can help relieve the pain and inflammation that can come along with scoliosis, however, we always recommend that you speak with your doctor first for specific advice before using betterback therapy. everyone is different and has a different medical history, so it's always best to check :) hope this helps + have an amazing day!!
varun: so great to connect!! yes, sounds like based on what you're saying, you'd be totally fine with betterback therapy based on your height :) thanks so much + hope you love your betterback!
what's the difference between some rewards saying posture 5 and others saying free posture 5
@aden if they are caused by poor posture.
does it solve any neck problems?
hi, i was originally interested in this project but i have one question. would this have an effect on my posture if i have scoliosis? or would it have any other effects? thanks!
hi, i'm six feet tall but my waist size is 34. could you please confirm better back therapy would suffice for my height?
midhun: no problem at all! :) yep, size is the only physical difference between betterback therapy and betterback therapy plus! the plus version is 2x the size as the original sized betterback therapy. hope that helps! :)
@creator thanks for the quick reply.. could you also confirm that only size is the single difference between both models? just to confirm
midhun: awesome question. the original size is definitely amazing for all day use (i know i use mine for most of the day!), but it does work especially well as a posture trainer since the smaller size makes it more targeted. both sizes are overall great for both purposes though, you can't really go wrong! :)
@creator so betterback therapy original size cannot be used for all day back support in office chair? its not comfortable for that?
wong: thanks soo much for connecting! happy to help you out here. betterback therapy plus is 14.75" x 10.5" when it's all zipped up, and weighs 2.5lbs :) hope this helps + that you love your betterback therapy!
tzfardaya: you are the best!!! keep on keeping on :)
gogomonster + siriwat: thanks so much for connecting! tzfardaya is a pro and totally right here :) in the february shipment, us shipping is free and international shipping is subsidized! the reason here is that it's a bit of a bonus since the early shipment is a higher price point :) have a great day and let me know if you have any more questions! :)
monravitch + tzfardaya: tzfardaya, thanks so much for having our back!! you can heat up the therapy pack in the microwave (we'll give you instructions in your betterback therapy with the exact timing) and then just cool it down by popping it in the freezer! :) hope this helps, monravitch, and that you love your betterback therapy!
bobby: yes, absolutely correct! you'll be getting a betterback therapy and betterback therapy plus in the february shipment :) hope that you love them + have an amazing day!!
midhun: thanks so much for your comment!! we're actually working with a combination of shipping partners and companies to give the best price that we can for our current volume of products... so depending on where you live, it'll be a different combination of couriers. in terms of the difference between betterback therapy and betterback therapy plus, the main difference is the size — the plus is 2x as big, and because of this is amazing for folks with up to a 55" waist and for anyone looking for super broad back support. the regular size betterback therapy fits up to a 38" waist. it's the perfect posture trainer and is a great choice if portability is important to you. :) i want to make sure you get this info asap before our campaign ends, so just sending you a message too in case you don't check the comments section! :)
@tzfardaya thank you for pointing that out to me. :)
@creator may i know the exact figures of size and weight of the packing of the plus version because of my reshipment consideration?
@gogomonster if you read the descriptions, you'd see that they are subsidizing the cost of shopping for the first batch.  it's also why the first batch has a higher pledge cost than the second.
yes, shipping to singapore is $10 for first batch and is $20 for second batch for the same product. why the difference in shipping costs for the same product?
why the cost of shipping between 1st (15$) and 2nd (24$) batch are different? (for my case, to thailand
@betterback also one more request. could you kindly list out quantitatively, the exact differences between the two models. like whats larger and what are the added features? iam sorry but i couldnt locate it in campaign page. in case you've already given it somewhere, you could even point me to that point. again thanks a lot in advance. expecting your responses asap and before campaign ends so that i could make my final decision.
@betterback kindly respond. shipping is really a turn off for this project. request you to kindly reconsider that. also, please clarify whos gonna be your shipping partner. dhl? for this price, i would like someone like that.
@monravitch to use for temp therapy, place the therapy pad in either the freezer or microwave.  place in microwave for 90 seconds on high for heat therapy place in freezer for several hours for cool therapy.
hello can you clarify to me how does the hot/cold would work or say, get it ready?
just wanted to double check if this is correct - i pledged $218 under the "bb therapy plus // early backer love"  so i'll be receiving a plus and a original correct? thank you!
i hope it's not 4px...
with this big shipping fee, can i know who's going to be your shopping partner.
sandy: awesome to connect with someone else in sf!! :) amazing. i'd love to say yes, but unfortunately betterbacks aren't produced here in san francisco, so it won't be possible to grab one yourself. hope you love your betterback therapy, sandy! :)
sd + tzfardaya: tzafardaya, thank you! you are absolutely right. :) to answer your question sd, there are a ton of factors coming into play in the shipping cost —some betterback therapys will be sent by air and others by freight, the added weight of the therapy packs and the amount of backers from your country (compared to the other kickstarter campaign) are all combining here. hope this helps, sd, and sorry for the frustration with the shipping cost! all the best:)
william: that sounds awesome:) thank you so, so much for your support!!
hi i was wondering, i'm in sf can i pick up the betterback instead of paying extra for shipping?
@sd larger packaging due to the included heat/cold therapy piece,  increased weight due to different materials in construction,  possibly increase cost due to shipping type (air/ground,  tracked/untracked etc)
i saw your 1st gen betterback on indiegogo has a shipping cost of only usd12 to my country but here it is usd24. is there a lot of difference in the weight or shape that makes the shipping cost increase double?
thanks for your prompt reply. ok. i want 4. so i will put 59 x 4 + 21 = 257 for the time being. thanks.
william: hey there! thank you sooo much for your support! if you want 2x betterbacks, just pledge the amount of two! for now, add on the shipping cost for just one betterback... while the shipping cost will go up, it won't be double and i definitely don't want you to overpay! we'll figure out the difference when we send out the survey at the end of your campaign :) hope you're having the best day!
tzfardaya: you are suchhh a pro! thank you so much for helping us out there, definitely appreciate it :) just wanted to give you a shoutout and can't wait for you to get your betterback therapy!!
kelvin: you're awesome!! thanks so much for having our back ;) to answer your questions, betterback therapy fits folks up to a 38" waist and is a super portable option, whereas betterback therapy plus fits up to a 55" waist, giving amazing broad back support. also, betterback therapy in the 2nd shipment goes out in april. the early backer love option ships in february! so, the only main difference is the shipping date! the early backer love does also include subsidized shipping:) hope this helps, kelvin! have an awesome day!!
matt: great question, and yep, kelvin is onto something! the version on amazon is the first gen model (it's also the same one as what's on our website, www.getbetterback.com). we've made tons of amazing adjustments + improvements, and that's what accounts for the price difference :) if you'd like any more info, just give me a shout! have a wonderful day!
i pledged for one set of better back at $80 including shipping.  if i want 2, i will need to amend $80 to $160 at the pledged amount.  am i right?
@kelvin 1. difference between plus/non plus is size.  2. lover vs 2nd ship is estimated shipping date.  also early bird love had included us shipping fees, and subsidized international shipping as opposed to full shipping fees of 2nd ship.
also the difference with lover and 2nd shippment?
@matt that must be the 1st generation? @betterback, whats the difference with the plus and non plus?
i'm looking on amazon ,and the are selling betterback's for $49.  is this the same product that i pledged $89????
jon: so great to connect and big thanks for your comment! :) we use the same strap system, but just about everything else is different. you can heat or ice your back while you wear betterback therapy (we've designed the best therapy packs on the market + the back pad has a mesh pocket to hold it in place) and we also use nasa memory foam and spacer mesh in our back pad for ultimate comfort and breathability. very importantly (since this was a big problem that we wanted to solve), betterback also has custom designed knee pads that diffuse the force of your body so the straps don’t cause knee pain. betterback therapy also has a custom designed center clip that allows you to tailor your sitting position so your leg muscles can relax, a strap management system so the lines are clean and elegant while you wear betterback therapy and so you can pack it up more easily — and so much more! :) hope this info helps a bit, and let me know if you have any more questions! have a wonderful day, jon!! :)
antron: thanks so much for your comment!! and no worries, you can totally count on us to deliver betterbacks successfully :) kickstarter works a bit differently. instead of giving us your address when you first back our project, kickstarter sends out a survey at the end of our campaign asking for shipping details. the comments you saw on our last campaign were from people who missed the shipping survey and many emails we sent asking for a shipping address — sometimes they get sent to a spam folder, or get lost in inboxes. if we don't have a shipping address, we unfortunately don't have anywhere to send a betterback, so as long as you fill out the survey there will be nooo problems at all! :) hope this clarifies things a bit and let me know if you have any more questions, antron! :) cheers!
how is betterback different from nada chair and all similar products already on the market?
hi, would there by any chance for this campaign to be delivering successfully? as i have noticed many backers still did not receive their better back for your last campaign. advise please?
cavayé: nous sommes très heureux de l'entendre! j'espère que vous aimez betterback beaucoup!! :d
sd: so sorry! i thought i had answered yours but maybe it didn't post! happy to help!! you should have no problem with betterback therapy plus if you're at that height! :) it's totally adjustable. in fact, i'm about 5ft 4", and can very easily adjust betterback therapy plus to fit me! hope this helps, sd, and let me know if you have any more questions! :)
kuby: thank you sooo much for your support! i think you've actually pledged too much for 3x betterbacks. sending you a message with more info now! :)
annie: hey there! sorry for the misleading info!! the cost of international shipping (including shipping to canada) won't be going up — all that piece of text means is that if you buy multiple betterbacks, the shipping will go up a bit to accommodate for the extra weight of the package. hope that clarifies things a bit, and let me know if you have any questions :)
bonne idée! il n'y a plus qu'a attendre une copie chinoise à 10€ sur aliexpress!
any chance you could answer my question below?
hi, i have changed my pledged amount. i want 3 betteback. is it right?
hi, i noticed that it says that international folks may have to pay more and that will be calculated at time of survey. i live in canada and if the shipping keeps increasing, it probably won't be worth backing anymore. any comments on the shipping fee situation.
timo: great question!! shoulders are such an important part of good posture. i definitely find that betterback helps me keep my shoulders straight and not rounded — by realigning your pelvis, betterback "stacks" your spine, helping to improve alignment all the way up your back. plus, even just becoming more aware of your day-to-day posture will help with shoulder sloping! hope you get lots of back pain relief + help with your shoulder alignment, timo! :) all the best!
sebastian: what a small world!! :) happy to have two sebastian ariel's backing us! :d
hi, this looks like a great product, i am getting this for my wife who has back pain but i was wondering it if will also help with sloped shoulders, i have had a sloped back for a while and it is has been hard trying to find something to help me get a straighter back and shoulders.  will this product also help in that area?
no way!! another sebastian ariel like me!! :-)
sebastian: great to connect! :) the way things work on kickstarter is a bit different... basically when our campaign ends (in about 6 days!), kickstarter will email you a shipping survey that will ask you for the best address for us to ship your betterback therapy to. :) so, just make sure to keep an eye on your email inbox and fill out the survey, and we'll send it over to you in montreal! hope this helps! :)
kuby: great questions here!! yep, you can just hit change my pledge and change the amount that you're pledging to reflect more than one betterback therapy! even though the reward tier will technically still say one betterback, as long as you're including the price of two plus shipping, you're totally good to go :) hope this helps and definitely let me know if you need any more clarification, i'm happy to help! :)
sebastian: thanks so much for the kind words!! you're the best! :d it's much, much appreciated and i really hope that you love your betterback therapy!! you won't believe how comfy + supportive it is. have an amazing day! :)
anand: great to connect!! the amazing thing about betterback is that it is it's own carrying case! it zips up into itself and comes with a handle. :) to see what i mean, you can check out this handy video: http://getbetterback.com/pages/instructions/. let me know if you have any more questions, anand, and have a wonderful day!!
hi i just backed you but this is the first time i do this and wanted to have more information about the shipment because i don't know how to include in my profile my address in montreal canada thanks
hi, one more question in relation to your reply to my earlier question. im only 5ft 3inches tall...would the plus be too big? or can i adjust it to fit just right for a short person?
i try to change my pledge amount directly. is it right? but i still see i have pledged 1 betterback?
hi，in kickstarter i cannot added my pledge directly. i just can change my pledge.  but i can do that in indiegogo. how can i do?
many thanks for your answer by email, the personal care that you show to each message makes a difference. the good job is always reward. happy for my purchase and looking forward to receive it at home. a hug from spain
can you confirm if there will be a carrying case coming with the product?
isaac: so amazing. thanks for your support!! :) you're absolutely right. for now, no need to add in an extra delivery cost — the shipping fee will go up since you're pledging multiple betterback therapys, but it won't double. we'll sort out the details when we send you the shipping survey at the end of our campaign. cheers, isaac, hope you love it! :)
js: great to connect!! it all depends on the chair — whether soft or hard, it's best to choose one that makes you feel the most supported. it's also recommended to sit (ideally) with your feet flat in the floor. one of the best parts about betterback is that it makes every chair ergonomic, so you're supported no matter where you sit — i use mine wherever i can! (chair, sofa, and even sitting cross-legged). hope this helps, js, let me know if you have any more qs! :)
hi there, i've just pledged 2 betterback with delivery by feb. ($89 + $89 +$15) should i add another $15 for delivery cost? many thanks,
i'm just wondering if it matters in any way what you are sitting on when using this? i mean something really soft, versus something harder? and would how you sit play into that?
sd: hey there! such a great question! if you're in between, i'd recommend sticking with betterback therapy plus just to play it safe :) particularly if you're someone who's tall, i'd recommend betterback therapy plus since the straps will be wrapping around your legs and extra length might come in handy. if you get the plus you won't have to worry about it feeling too snug, and tons of people who are even under our 38" waist cutoff still love the amazing, broad support that comes with betterback therapy plus (myself included!). in terms of shipping, we're still working hard to find something that's a good fit for our international backers. we're a super small 3-person team, but we're currently working with distributors + fulfillment companies to find the best option we can for our volume of product. there's a tons of factors at play here, and we're doing our best! hope this helps, sd! :)
nabako: thank you sooo much for your question! the whole story is that yes betterback therapy is currently being manufactured there, but we're still working out the details of shipping/fulfillment (it depends on how many backers we get from asia for our project). we are actually currently speaking with a distributor in china, and i'm crossing my fingers that we'll get that sorted out so we can offer a lower shipping rate in the future! i'll keep you posted, nabako, and hope this helps answer your question! :)
hi, if we fall right smack between two sizes, should we go for the smaller or bigger one...im afraid the bigger one may be too huge. also, did you manage to find any info on cheaper shipping internationally for the second batch?
hi there, a quick question to know where the product will be manufactured?  i'm currently living in china, and having to pay ~25/30 usd to get the product delivered seems quite high compared to the other projects i backed and received here in china. if it is manufactured in china (it might be the case after all), do you plan to have any shipment leaving directly from china directly to backers from asia / south-east asia? or will the products be sent first in a distribution center in the us before coming back here ? (which is far from being economical / ecological / time efficient; but i've seen it). thank you, and can't wait to receive my betterback.
william: hi over there in malaysia!! :) can't wait for you to give betterback therapy a try. since betterback works by realigning your pelvis, it naturally stacks the rest of your spine, and should definitely help with your shoulder posture, as well! hope you love it, william!
lynda: amazing! and yes, you're absolutely correct! $136 usd as a pledge is perfect for 2x betterback therapys in the april shipment and shipping to canada. at the end of our campaign, the shipping fee will go up by a bit since the weight of the package will be more, but we'll be sorting out the details with you when we send out the shipping survey. :) hope you love your betterbacks, lynda!!
alan: thanks so, so much for your amazing support :) hurray! and yes, to pledge 2x betterback therapys for the april shipment, just pledge $118 (59 x 2) plus the cost of shipping. the shipping cost will go up a bit because you'd be pledging for more than one betterback, but we'll figure out the details with you when we send out the shipping survey! :)
is betterback helps on shoulder posture too?
hi there! anyone from malaysia? :d excited to try this product! best regards, william
hi there, i also did the same thing as alan. i wanted to pledge 2. from canada so i did 59x2+18for total of $136. i hope i did it right....
hello there, i have just pledged for the early bird $59. if i am intending to go for 2 betterback, is it true that i just have to manage it by pledging $59 + shipping fee? any additional remarks or comments that i should add on? thank you. best regards, alan c
kuby: so awesome! thank you tons for your support :) you can actually pledge more by clicking the manage my pledge button. to pledge for 3x betterback therapys, just multiply the cost ($59 in your case) by 3, and add shipping. let me know if you have any more qs! :)
clare marie: thank you so much! we're so, so excited about it all :) big thanks for your thoughts on this. we're working so, so hard to find the best therapy pack option — something that's safe for the environment and the people who produce it, and something that is as high-quality and durable as possible. we're a super small 3-person team, but i can promise you that we're doing our absolute best to make a non-microwave heat therapy pack an option! let me know if you have any more questions, clare marie! :)
vishvas: thanks so much for connecting :) if you just ordered one betterback therapy, no worries! there won't be any additional shipping costs. however, if you ordered multiple betterback therapys, then there will be an additional shipping cost to pay for the heavier weight of the package :) hope this helps, and let me know if you have any more qs!
hi, i have pledges $59 just now but i want to pledge two more. you said i just to add my pledge but i cannot find it. i just have a bottom to "manage my pledge". how can i do just tell me. thank you
firstly, congratulations on your campaign, 40x your funding goal and at least 5,500+ people taking spinal health seriously! i've just increased my pledge to include both the original size and a plus, and as i desperately want to be able to incorporate heat therapy but for health reasons won't have a microwave in my house, i second michelles comment about using two smaller (click to activate) packs for combined or targeted left/right positioning ..
hi there, i was just wondering that the $89 pledge says "if you're international, we'll figure out any extra shipping charges when we send you the survey after the campaign". i'm in australia and after the $15 shipping will there be another shipping charge for me?
mrs michelle: thank you so much for your comment! that's a super interesting idea and thank you soo much for suggesting it!! that definitely could be a possible solution and i'll look into it in more detail to see if we can make it work. again, thanks for the very smart suggestion! we're hoping to find an amazing solution for you all in terms of therapy packs. :) cheers and happy new year!
sander: thanks for the heads up!! you're absolutely right, and we're definitely researching into different alternatives super closely to find the very best solution that we can offer you. :) hope your  new year is going wonderfully so far!
porta stepper: so amazing to hear that you're loving betterback. i hope you love your new betterback therapy just as much, and wishing you a very happy new year!! :)
philip: you're the best! happy new year! we can't believe it's here but are so excited for 2017 :)
wynter: thanks for your comment and so much for your support! so sorry to hear about your back pain, but i really hope that betterback therapy helps a lot :) keep me posted and all the very best in the new year!!
just read what you said about the bigger therapy packs . . . so wondering, why not provide 2 smaller packs instead of one big pack? just bifurcate the pouch they fit into and that way, one could use either one pouch for heat on either the left or right side only, adding the second pack in the pouch (so side-by-side now) for full back heating? just a thought...
some of the alternatives to pvc is more dangerous then the pvc so be observant about what you choose instead.
happy new year, betterback!  may happiness and good luck follow you wherever you go in 2017! i ordered betterback just for curiosity last year. when i put it on, i felt comfortable and relaxed immediately. there is a pressure against my lower back and forces me to sit up straight. i ordered betterback therapy last month. looking forward to receiving it soon!
happy new year 2017 betterback ...
just learnt about it on facebook. just backed, i've had two slipped discs in the space of six years. my posture is not very good at all.so hopefully this should improve it a lot more.
nausicaa: awesome question!! we're still trying to see if it's possible to offer a stretch goal! (really hoping that it is!). if we're able to offer a stretch goal and still deliver the best quality betterbacks as quick as we can, then we'll do it. i'll keep you posted, nausicaa, and in the mean time have an amazing day! :)
midhun + sd + teng: thank you all so, so, so much for your feedback!! it really means a lot to me and it's so important to hear what your experience is like. we subsidized the shipping on the first batch as a kickstarter bonus, but usually it's unfortunately just not possible for us to offer a lower shipping cost since we're such a small business. :( i'm working super hard to figure out the absolute best shipping options that we can offer you. i'll definitely keep you posted with how things go and crossing my fingers i can figure something out! :)
you were talking at one point about stretch goals, any updates?
yes..i agree i shipping cost is really high compared to first batch.. can it be arranged so that the shipping cost is subsidized a little bit like first batch...thanks a lot  since this campaign is so successful..
yes, international shipping cost for the second batch is really high :(
hi.. i'm from india and really want to buy this. but for me it's costing 30usd approx in shipping which is like 30%. seems too high
rebecca: great question!! thanks so much for connecting :) we are passing on the actual and lowest shipping costs we received from 5+ companies, and it's quite a complicated matrix. we have enough backers in the second shipment from europe that we will actually use ocean freight to deliver betterbacks to europe and then mail out. we unfortunately don't have enough backers in canada to do this :( hope this helps clarify things a bit, definitely give me a shout if you have any more questions!! :)
annie: awesome to connect! yep, all of our prices are in usd :)
hi katherine, just a quick question for you regarding shipping.  why is it cheaper to ship the betterback therapy to europe than it is to canada?  is the product being made and shipped from europe, or made and shipped from the us? thank you
is the 59$ in usd ??
matthew: hey there!! would love to help you out. the original size of betterback therapy is perfect for folks with up to a 38" waist, and is amazing if you're looking for an ultra-portable posture trainer. betterback therapy plus fits up to a 55" waist, but is also a great option for anyone seeking broad back support and an extra big bear hug for your back. :) hope this helps with your question and let me know if you need more info!! have a great day!
hi betterback :) sorry if this has been asked but where can i und info about sizing? thanks
mark: ahhhmazing! thank you so, so much for your support. :) the plus is awesome especially if you're planning to keep it at home or at your office — if you have a chair you use during the day, you can just leave it right there! since it's twice the size, it's a really good option if you want ultra-broad, all-day support. it's like a very, very comfy piece of portable furniture. :) also, betterback therapy will definitely help out your pelvis! it works by realigning your pelvis (the root of good posture), and naturally stacks your spine. :) hope this helps mark, and have a great day!!
guruna: great to connect!! betterback therapy (the original size) should weigh approx. 1.5 pounds. let me know if you have any more qs! :)
evangelos: hiya! big, big thanks for the kind words!! they are much appreciated. :) and yep, that's totally correct. the $59 reward tier is definitely available, so you can just pledge 59 + 99 + shipping cost, and we'll send you 1x betterback therapy and 1x betterback therapy plus in the april shipment. when we send out the shipping survey at the end of the campaign, we can sort out the details. :) cheers and have a wonderful day!
robie: such a good question! unfortunately, i can't say for sure what shipping company we'll be using... it'll be a variety and will depend on where it's being shipped, and we're still sorting out the details. if there's an address you can use that's more reliable, i'd definitely recommend going with that, but i'll keep you posted with more info when i get it :) hope this helps and have a great day, robie!!
mox: awesome to hear from you. betterback therapy is amazing for folks with up to a 38" waist, and betterback therapy plus fits up to a 55" waist. so, there's a betterback that'll fit just about everyone! :) let me know if you have any more questions!
hello! i just pledged for the plus model. am i correct, that the plus model is more for the home usage and has better back support? i would not need it if it was just for the body size. does your product help to correct or prevent an anterior pelvic tilt? thank you!
how much weight of this thing in original size ? thx.
hello. my first pledge! fantastic product, i think! just to be sure: i have pledged 99$ for one plus size and have added 59$ more for one regular size. so total pledge is 172$ including shipping cost. after that, i see that the 59$ price is gone although it writes that i can add as many as i like for that price. so my question is: am i going to get 1 plus size and 1 regular price for this price? kind regards, vangelis.
hi just wondering what company will you be using to ship the international ones? will it be usps or another company? i need to adjust the address if your going to use usps. i can't really rely on the post office here in my country.
i've pledged toward betterback. i've been curious all along my question to @betterback.. does betterback fit everyone size from thin to big? thanks.
sooyoung: you got it!! happy holidays! :)
timmy: amazing! thank you so, so much for your support. the shipping cost will go up if you're pledging for multiple betterbacks, but it definitely won't be double! just watch for the shipping survey when our campaign is over, and we'll sort out the specifics there. :) cheers and have an amazing day, timmy!
b kagan: great question!! unfortunately you can only select one reward on kickstarter, but to get around this you can just pledge the amount of one betterback in the april shipment ($59) plus one betterback in the february shipment ($89) in either reward tier. the only thing to note is that you'd have to pay two separate shipping fees, but we'll figure it out at the end of our campaign when we send out the shipping survey!! happy, happy holidays b! :) :)
thank you for your help!
hi, i just pledged betterback therapy 2nd shipment, and i added an extra one for my dad. just want to make sure the cost of shipment would only be charged once right? or it would be charged again for the extra one?
i pledged for an $89 betterback. i want to keep the $89 pledge and make a new pledge for $59 as well. how can i do that? i keep getting directed to change the one i made but i'd like two different ones.  thank you! bev
sooyoung: happy to help! :) if you're pledging for 4x betterback therapys in the 2nd shipment, you would pledge 59 x 4 (236 total), plus the cost of shipping. the cost of shipping will go up a bit for multiple betterbacks, but for now you can just pledge the regular shipping cost to your country, and then we'll update your shipping cost with you when our campaign is over! hope this makes sense, and definitely reach out if you have any more qs!! have a great day, sooyoung! :)
just to make sure i understand it correctly, i'd select the better back therapy 2nd shipment, but under the pledge amount, i would put how much it would be for multiple better backs? and in terms of adding the cost of shipping, is it enough to add it once, or do i need to add in the shipping cost to each additional better back? i'm planning on pledging for 4, if that makes any difference in terms of shipping costs. thanks for your quick reply!
sooyoung: not at all, i'm more than happy to help!! to order more than one betterback, all you have to do is add on the price of however many extra betterback therapys to your pledge. so, for example, if you wants 3x betterback therapys in the april shipment, you'd pledge 59 + 59 + 59 + the cost of shipping. hope this helps and thank you so, so much for your support, sooyoung! :)
hello, i'm sorry if this is a basic thing but i can't figure out how to add more to my pledge? i've pledged for the betterback therapy 2nd shipping, and would like to add at least 2+ more of the same but i'm not sure how to do this :s thank you!
sd: hey there and thanks for your comment, happy to help!! :) when laid out flat, betterback therapy is approx. 17" x 8.5", and betterback therapy plus is approx. 29.5" x 10.5". hope this helps and please let me know if you've got any more questions :)
hi, can you give me the measurements of both sizes when opened and laid out flat? thanks!
david: thank you so, so much for your support! basically how it works is that when our campaign is over (t-minus 21 days), we'll send all of our backers a fulfillment survey through kickstarter that will ask for your shipping information. so make sure to keep an eye out for an email around then! cheers! :)
isabella: great question!! i'm happy to say that the straps are super adjustable :) it should be totally fine even if you're quite petite! you can just adjust the straps to the proper tightness, then store the strap in the side clip. although i would recommend getting the regular size betterback therapy so you don't end up with too much slack ;) hope this helps and have an amazing day!!
hi, when will we receive an email from you or the company to give you our address on where you will be shipping the better back therapy since my funding to you a couple of weeks ago. thanks
hello, i'm wondering how adjustable the straps are that go from the hip to the knee pad. i'm particularly thinking about petite people just under 5'. would there be an issue? thank you.
debasis: great to hear and thank you soo much for your support:) no need to add the additional cost, it will go up a bit for multiple betterbacks, but we'll let you know at the end of our campaign when we send out the survey with shipping info. cheers! :)
thanks a lot. i increased my pledge to add one more for my elder daughter. i did not add any additional shipping cost with the assumption that it should not change for same destination. however, if there is any change in shipping cost, please do advise or same can be done at the time of survey.
vaishak: great question here! betterback therapy should definitely help keep you from leaning, i know that when i'm wearing it it helps me avoid this since i'm extra aware of my posture and feel so supported that i'm not tempted to lean!! :) hope this helps, let me know if you have any more questions!
debasis: great to hear you'd like to order more than one betterback! so awesome. it's super easy, just add the amount of an extra betterback therapy or betterback therapy plus to your order and you're good to go!! cheers and have a great day! :)
ric7: awesome question, thanks so, so much for your support!! :) we'll adjust the shipping charge after the campaign to suit the quantity of betterback therapys that you ordered, but it definitely won't amount to 3x the shipping cost ;) for now, go ahead and pledge 59+59+59+21 for now! big thanks and let me know if you have any questions!
i slouch a lot while siting in front of my laptop. but at times, i also bend/lean sideways when i laze around, which affects my body posture too. i am just curious if this prevents that too on top of slouching?
i want to increase the qty to two nos. how to include it
hi, i would like to confirm whether the shipment cost will be fixed regardless of the quantity i ordered? say if i order 3 betterback therapy // 2nd shipment $59 and ship to hong kong, the total cost should be 59+59+59+21 right?
laura: thanks for your q! betterback therapy (the original size) works best for folks with up to a 38" waist, whereas betterback therapy plus is amazing for those who have up to a 55" waist. hope this helps and let me know if you have any more questions about this!! :) have an awesome day!
macz: awesome to connect and thanks so much for your question! yep, please do include the shipping amount when you pledge for your betterback! so, in your case, you'd pledge $83 ($59 + $24). thanks so, so much for your support and have a great day, macz!! :)
sarah: good eye!! thanks so much for your comment. this is unfortunately an error that is 100% our bad — we can't change it on ks now, but we'll be honoring the $89 price point for you guys :)
what are the sizes that will fit the regular vs the plus version.
hi, i back betterback therapy // 2nd shipment $59 and shipping cost is $24 so if i order 1 more then i must to add pledge $59 and $24 shipping cost right? or just add pledge $59?
when i backed for the second shipment ($59 for the 1 regular size), i saw that the level said to add $89 for the betterback plus if i wanted to add a second. but looking at the 2nd shipment level for the betterback plus and at the rewards chart, it shows that for additional units, it's $99 for the betterback plus. has the price changed, or was it originally a typo in the 2nd shipment level?  i just want to know if i need to change my pledge.
ubansam: thanks so much for the awesome suggestion!! we're definitely looking into the possibility of different types of heat/cold therapy packs for betterback therapy, and this is a great idea. i'll make sure to keep it in mind, and thanks again! :) have an amazing day!
hi, would you consider make the heat pack with usb charge? something like the kickstarter ravean heat jacket. that would be great, since some of us would stuck to an working space with plenty of power supply.
parinya: great to connect and thank you so, so much for your support! :) to heat the therapy pack, you can just use a microwave, and then if you want to cool it just pop it in the freezer! however, we're also looking into potentially offering a second therapy pack that can be activated and heated anywhere by pressing a clip! then, you'd put it in hot water to reset it. hope this helps and have a wonderful weekend, parinya! :)
hello! i just pledged for three betterback therapy.. but, i  want to know how to heat or ice the betterback.. can i just put in the hot water or keep in a refrigerator?
ali: thanks so much for your question! we might be offering stretch goals in the future — we're still looking into different possibilities. :) we'll keep you all posted via our campaign updates about this for sure! hope this helps! :)
cassadee: hurray, thank you so, so much for your support!! i see that you're in hong kong, so shipping costs there will be $21 usd :) and, betterback therapys are all made in china. hope this helps to answer your questions and definitely let me know if you have any more! have an amazing day!!
do you plan to introduce any stretch goals. sorry if it has been asked before.
i pledged for two betterback therapy yesterday. would like to know how much the shipping costs and where the products are made. thanks
sunachew: so great to connect! :) to order two betterbacks, just add the amount of a second one to your order — you can go to change my pledge to do so. :) we've also just added more stock, so no worries about us running out! :) have an amazing day!
kenta: you're awesome, big thanks for having our back! :) perfect, just responded to you now!
david: yep, kenta is right! kickstarter works in a unique way... when the campaign is over, we'll send out a survey (make sure to keep an eye on your inbox!) that will ask you for your shipping info. then we'll get your betterback therapy over to you:)
i will like to order another one. but it was not allow :( only 19 left ..
@creator thanks for the update! i completed the survey. also, i have sent another question/suggestion via message, so please take a look.
@david there will be a survey as the shipping dates approach.
hi katherine, i backed up 1 therapy better back but how will you ship it to me as the back up page did not ask for my email address or mailing address. thanks david.
raghunath: noo worries! happy to help via comments :) so, we're currently looking into potentially offering a second type of therapy pack as a stretch goal which would not require a microwave to heat — although this is still in the works, it's not for sure but we'll do our very best to make it work! in terms of the other ways of heating the therapy pack that clare suggested, we have not tested out using hot rocks — i can't really advise this since it sounds like a safety issue. besides this, we're definitely looking into alternative ways of heating the therapy packs and will keep you posted! thanks so much raghunath, and have a great day! :)
natalie: thanks so much for your question!! yes, betterback is amazing while cross-legged! everyone has their own preferences, but i personally find betterback to be super comfy when i'm cross-legged (i often wear it for long periods while i meditate) and tons of people say the same :) in terms of the knees, betterback definitely shouldn't be causing any knee pain — in lots of cases, this can be solved with a few simple adjustments. however, we have upgraded the knees to make them slip-resistant and the material in betterback therapy is extra comfy :) let me know if you have any more questions, and have an amazing day!
hi, please reply to questions from comments via comments if possible. i have the same problem as clare and would like to know any alternative ideas..cheers
so i have seen pictures and i'm your video clip (i believe) that you can wear the betterback sitting cross-legged on the floor. my questions are: how comfortable is the betterback while in this position? also, how long can you wear the betterback in this position?   (i sit in this position a lot when working with kids while sitting on the floor and want to make sure it's a good investment). also - i read reviews on your first generation model and some people complained that it hurt their knees. is there anything different in this newer mode compared to the older model, to address the painful knee issue?
felicia: great to connect!! so glad you love the idea of the new type of therapy pack, and big thanks for your support! i can't say for sure what the stretch goal would be yet since everything is still in the works, but i'll definitely keep you posted! :)
matthew: cheers, and thanks so, so much for following along! good suggestion, i'll have to look into it. :)
butterflyeffect: yes! they would be so amazing, especially for heat therapy on-the-go. we'll definitely keep you posted!! :)
clare: thanks so much for your response!! i just send you a detailed direct message with more info. :)
@creator- i love the idea of the heating pad that can be triggered with a clip! i remember having hand warmers like that as a kid. what would be the stretch goal for that considering we are well over the 12,500 mark?
u were great on shark tank, cheers from korea! by the way of u did some marketing here, ud kill it
wow! second therapy pack you mentioned as a stretch goal seems amazing :) can't wait to hear it more from you!
thanks for quick reply .. i don't/won't own a microwave and need heat not cold, so really hope we can get an alternately heated one .. i have some small hand warmers which sound like the same thing you've describe & they're fantastic for winter camping, but i don't think they put out enough heat to treat a bad back, especially with padded fabric .. do you think heating rocks in boiling water & inserting after drying would work, or is the material too delicate to handle that? i'll remain a backer regardless, i'm just trying to think of a way to make this work for me and hopefully help relieve some of the chronic pain i live with ..
kenta: thanks soo much for your support! we're so excited too!! :) just responded to your message, as well. :)
clare: great to connect!! you can heat the therapy pack in the microwave, or pop it in the freezer to cool it! :) super easy. however, we are exploring the option of offering a second therapy pack as a stretch goal that's reusable, and can be activated and heated anywhere by pressing a clip! pretty cool. then you just drop it into boiling water to reset it. let me know if you have any more qs!! :)
just backed your product! very very excited about this one! i have sent a question to you, so please reply if possible. thank you and best of luck to you guys!
sorry if i've missed where this is explained, but how is the pack heated?
sean: thanks so much for your message! i so wish you could (car seats are incredibly unergonomic), but unfortunately you don't have enough leg mobility to safely use betterback while you drive. i'm super sorry, but thanks for your question and have an amazing day! :)
can this be used while driving or does it restrict movement and reaction speed? i drive a manual transmission so it would be useful for a way to have the same effect for long distance travel or traffic filled commutes.
hehe jackson, i see that you are posting this same question on other projects to lead people to your campaign. i like your spunk. :) wishing you the best on your kickstarter journey!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
uri: thanks soooo much for the support! you rock! :)
roy: thank you so, so much for your kind words and i'm so excited that you'll get a chance to try out betterback!! :) big thanks and keep on being amazing!
congratulations, amazing project!!!
i just backed this. i remember missing out on your first campaign, and also remember wondering if there were better alternatives. the very fact that you've improved and returned to kickstarter warms my heart and draws me in. i do wish you the best in production!
shrinivas: awesome to connect! yep, part of the reason why betterback therapy // early backer love (the february 2017 shipment) is more expensive is that us shipping is included. hope this helps and that you're having an amazing day!! :)
betterback therapy // 2nd shipment does not qualify for free us shipping wheras the other orders do?
shafiq: thanks so much for your comment and great question!! unfortunately, we don't accept returns on betterback therapy or betterback therapy plus, since they're sold as kickstarter rewards. however, we do offer returns on the first gen of betterback that's sold on our website (www.getbetterback.com)! hope this helps! :)
kate: great to connect!! we have made a few changes which should help you out:) you can now store the straps inside the pocket, making betterback easier to close. we’ve also upgraded to ykk zippers (the best on the market) to help keep your betterback extra durable and amazing. let me know if you have any more qs! :)
joe: good question!! you can absolutely use either one all day long — i know i do! although lots of members of our team do particularly love the roominess of betterback therapy plus for all-day use. hope this helps answer your question!! :)
if i'm not happy with the betterback, can i return for a refund? just curious as a friend asked & i didn't know the answer. thanks
the first gen bb is difficult to zip up because the amount of fabric is cut to exactly fit the product - there's no slack. has that changed on these new designs?
so i've been discussing this with my friend, and we can't decide if the therapy plus is the only one for all day use. can a person use the smaller betterback for all day use in a chair?
michal: thanks soo much for writing in — so sorry to hear this!! i'm just looking into your order now and i'm going to send over a message with more info :) i'm here to help and i'm sure i can track it down for you!! all the best! :)
butterflyeffect: soo great to connect! unfortunately, we're not able to offer subsidized international shipping at the moment. however, if you're looking into buying more than one betterback, the extra shipping would likely cost around $5-15 usd — although it really depends on which model and where it's being shipped!! feel free to send over a message if you'd like any additional info and have a wonderful day! :)
i've backed first betterback project on kickstarter a very long time ago. i am still waiting for my reward - betterback and i still not have it delivered. i wrote messages and there was no feedback at all... where is my batterback "one"and now the same company are started second kickstarter campain for selling almost of the same product.
can you offer subsidized international shipping fee also with 2nd delivery ones please? and approximately how much would extra international shipping cost when i buy two?
mboirsbeek: so great to connect and thank you so, so much for your support!! we’re definitely looking into selling the hot/cold packs separately after the campaign is over — we’ll keep you posted through our kickstarter updates! :)
djayawarman: thanks so much for connecting — so sorry to hear this! i'm 100% here for you and would love to help you find you betterback — just sending you a message now with more information. :)
are you going to sell the heat/cold packs as an add on so we can have an extra one if we want to?
you guys should have told me before i'm buying another betterback just before you guys decided to make a new one. and having said that the better back is still not yet delivered :( the first delivery is nowhere to be found and the second delivery is still somewhere in the shipping process :(
hi, email sent to you to hicharlotte@getbetterback.com , please check, thanks!
monika + maxime: thanks for being awesome monika!! we sell our original betterback for $59 on our website, and betterback therapy here on kickstarter is the next gen version! complete with hot/cold therapy packs, memory foam padding, and loads of amazing design features to keep your betterback as comfortable and supportive as possible. :) we now also have the new size, like monika mentioned, which is amazing for bigger and taller folks, or anyone looking for broad, all-day back support! :)
@maxime: the link is to the original version, not this one with the heating/cooling. and this new version also comes in two sizes
why on your site your product is at $59 ? http://getbetterback.com/products/betterback
butterfly effect: daniel's amazing advice is right on the ball. the therapy pack fits into a mesh pocket in your betterback therapy, and you can heat or cool it with the microwave and freezer. if you have any more questions or would like more info, feel free to send us a message at hicharlotte@getbetterback.com!! :)
daniel: thanks so much for having our back!! :) you're absolutely right!
philip: so great to connect and big thanks for all of your support!! so, so happy that you loved your betterback and that you're back for more. amazing! :)
hoàng: thanks so much for your message!! i'm sorry to hear that, but i'm here to help you out! if you could send us a quick message at hicharlotte@getbetterback.com with your details, i can send you more info. :)
butterflyeffect ~ i assume you put the "ice pack" in the freezer to make it cold and then you slide it into the betterback. similarly, for heat, you put the "ice pack" in the microwave to make it hot and then you slide it into the betterback. this is a common technique with many products and it allows you to get both heat and cold and use it over and over. also, you don't need to plug it in while you'reusing it.
hello. i'm wondering how the heat or ice packs work. can you introduce and explain about them in next updates please?
how time flies! i backed 1st betterback on indiegogo.  loved it so much that i bought another 2 more from your online store which all arrived in record time. i'm back for more!  i wish to experience the next betterback evolution.
i've backed the 1st project. i have some back problem and my doctor gave me advise not to use this. after then i've immediately contact you for return but no reply from you. the item is still 100% brand new. hopefully you can have a solution for me. thanks
hey there daniel! great to connect. we use the same strap system, but just about everything else is different. you can heat or ice your back while you wear betterback therapy (we've designed the best therapy packs on the market + the back pad has a mesh pocket to hold it in place), we use nasa memory foam and spacer mesh in our back pad for ultimate comfort and breathability, have custom designed knee pads that diffuse the force of your body so the straps don’t cause pain, have a custom designed center clip that allows you to tailor your sitting position so your leg muscles can relax, have a strap management system so the lines are clean and elegant while you wear betterback therapy and so you can pack it up more easily — and so much more!  if you want me to keep going, i can. :)
people are saying that you copied the "back-up by nada chair" which was invented 30 years ago and waited for the patent to expire. it has been available for sale on amazon since 2004. i understand that you say that your back hurt and you couldn't find relief until you invented the betterback. could you please tell me how yours differs significantly from the 30 year old nada chair? https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b000yj9lck/ref=mp_s_a_1_2… thank you so much for your reply!
monika: so thrilled that you (and your friends) are loving betterback!! thank you so, so much for your support! glad you'll get a betterback to yourself :)
i'm happy to see you back with an ever neater looking product! especially since i ended up giving away my two original versions, i immediately backed - and this one i'm keeping myself, no matter how much others nag me :)
richard: i need some emoticons to properly respond and they don't have those in kickstarter yet. thank you so so so much! sending you love right back!
saw the launch email, opened kickstarter & rushed to back this before i even watched the video :).  love the original & can't wait to use bb therapy!  congrats on smashing your funding goal! (it's inevitable)
ray: so great to connect and thank you soooooooo so much for supporting us again!
j: celebrating you hard right now too! haven't stopped smiling since reading your note. :)
backed you once and i got np backing again! already looking forward to betterback therapy
is there anything special you want to celebrate with the very first 10 backers? (just kidding, and i'm backer number 10)
shout out to pulperm, our very first backer!!! we are celebrating you!!!
