hello! i backed and have not received my lapdeck yet
sorry jeremy and thanks for letting me know! per our emails, you should have received it by now - let me know if there's been any delivery problems!
hello! i backed and have not received my lapdeck yet.
@steven, thanks for the suggestion, we’re definitely thinking about other materials. @rithrade, sorry to hear this! as explained on the campaign page and in the instructions on the product, lapdeck is for use on soft surfaces, like a couch or bed, with laptops under 8 pounds - it’s not intended to be a monitor stand. and @kavet yes, lapdeck is corrugated fiberboard, so a bit of wear is normal and does not affect lifespan!
are there plans to make a lapdeck out of polypropylene or lightweight plastic?
actually the lapdeck just broke....:( wtf. my monitor is only 24"!~~
only used it 2 times, corners started fraying. i guess you get what you pay for when its this cheap, durability is questionable.
chris, karen and vincent, thanks for your feedback, glad you're liking your lapdecks! and karen, yes, we're looking at doing some additional sizes- thanks for the suggestion!
i received the lapdeck last week and it works great.  easy to set up and i no longer have to slouch whenever i'm using my laptop on my bed.  no complaints here.
just received!  i love the design but (folded) it is definitely too big to fit in my messenger bag :(   do you have plans for a slightly smaller one?  i have a 15'' mbp which fits great in my bag.
i just got mine today and i'm really liking it. smart design!
robert and jason, glad you like them and thanks for your feedback! robert, yes we'd love to talk to your company about bulk custom orders, and we'll have info on the website about this option soon. i’ve messaged you separately about this. thanks for getting in touch!
got mine yesterday too, seems very nice and works well. will you have options for bulk customized purchases on your main site? my company may have an interest...
received my vanishing hexagon yesterday! what a cool product, smaller then i excepted but still works great.
@john- thanks for your message, glad you and your son like them! @edward, i'm sorry about the missing lapdeck and i've messaged you separately to resolve the issue.
i got them as well. nice product. one small problem, i pledged for three and only got two white ones. how soon before i get my vanishing hexagon one? thanks
i got them!!! package got left in rain by ups... but everything inside stayed dry!! the lapdeck is fantastic!! i love it! my 8 year old also finds it the perfect solution for his snacks and ipad, too!
@jorge- thanks for your note, glad you like them!
hew drew, i received the lapdecks a couple days ago. we love them. thank you
@annie, i’m so glad you like your lapdecks! and thanks for your concern about the postage but don’t worry, the overall costs are working out just as we expected. we wanted to test the waters with kickstarter and the great response means lots of new things will be coming soon - updates at lapdeck.com!
i just got mine in the mail today! i'm excitedly typing from my laptop on my laptop right now. i'm very pleased, thank you! i am impressed with the $13 postage considering i pledged only double that. i hope you're able to cover costs this way.
@eric and jorge, i messaged you about your questions. thanks for backing!
same over here, i am moving on may 25th. is it possible to change the shipping address?
do you think that i can get this before the 18th? because i'm leaving on the 19th.
@damian, glad you're looking forward to receiving yours- i'll have a shipping update coming in the next couple days. and while i love the idea of your video (in the interest of science of course), i can’t say it’s a recommended use of the lapdeck- if you do it, be extremely careful and only proceed under highly supervised conditions… and only on a soft surface, like carpet please! thanks for being a backer and for your patience!
@creator p.s. i think i'm going to post a video of placing my 65" curved samsung tv on one.  think it's worth the incredibly small £cost of potentially loosing one of my lapdecks - for the sake of science... don't worry.  i'll have two people holding either side of my tv.  it's definitely not worth the cost of that!
@creator i'm sat here with my laptop in comfy position, but it makes it awkward to type.  then i remembered i may have a solution coming for that!  so we're in may and i'm really looking forward to my lapdecks turning up. any guide for when in may to uk?  just a rough estimate.  no rush to respond.  i'd rather you get on with what you're doing so i can get them asap.
hi david, we're getting close! i'm sorry that yes, there was a delay- in case you didn't see it, i posted a brief update recently here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1689432703/lapdeck-the-10-recyclable-laptop-desk/posts/1199661 the lapdecks are still in production and you should receive yours in may- i apologize for the delay and please let me know with any other questions, and thanks for being a backer!
when are they shipping? i'm guessing it's been delayed?
shadow stalker, thanks for the suggestions- we're thinking along those lines too!
hey congrats, have you thought about lapdeck 2? same concept just made out of metal, plastic, carbon fibre. still recyclable, much sturdier and more importantly last longer. (brand recognition) some food for thought.
fred- the lapdecks will be somewhat stain resistant but yes, depending on the type of pens/pencils you use, you can definitely draw on them!
can i draw on them? like doodles and fan art? or are they stain resistant?
i don't do facebook (yikes!), so my "survey" suggestion would be a 2015/2016/2017/etc. calendar.  in fact, since the calendar year "duplicates" every seven (? or eight? or ?) years, one might even do a full "cycle" of years so that there will always a viable calendar to reference. (ok, did that make any sense, lol?)
@julia, kitchencat and tasha - i love the idea of offering multiple designs too! at this point we can only do one graphic design in addition to white but it's something we definitely have in mind as we expand the lapdeck. thanks for the suggestion!
i'm with julia - i'd be willing to pay an extra $5 to have a choice for each of the 5 lapdesks i'm getting for each one to be different. i like plain black, plain white, and the hexagons one - so $1 per each lap desk/design would be reasonable in my opinion
nominal premium fee for more choice would be fine.  still hoping you go with the black.  re patterns: have used this lap desk from ikea for years, but find the polka dots ultimately a distraction (http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/40148622)
hexagon
is there a chance of making 5-6 designs and adding $1 per "designer wrap/printed" so we have more than 1 choice. several of the choices that seem to be popular, (especially the black which holds no interest for me, but seems like a choice many would like) and i am guessing that i am not the only one willing to pay a small premium for more choices. (*small premium* is part of it. a couple of the $60 designs are nice, but too much for something made to last less than a year.)
still the black one is my fav!
hi tasha- we'll be producing white plus one graphic design, and yes, you'll be able to mix and match between them in your multi-pack!
liking the black and white "woven" theme
is there going to be more than one design/color to pick from for those of us ordering multi-packs?
vinit and tasha- going out of date is certainly a downside with a calendar, although we've also gotten suggestions for a 16-month calendar that starts in mid-2015... and while all recyclable corrugated materials last longest with a little care, lapdeck is designed to support your laptop 4-12 months!
that was my concern with the calendar - it would get out-of-date. i'm hoping the desks hold up for more than a month or two. :d
calendar design - hoping this product is long lasting, once 2015 is over! i would not want to look at old dates. maybe something else? how about banksy or famous paintings!
bharata, thanks for your idea- it's one of the possibilities! check out some of the others backers have proposed at the lapdeck facebook page. and winston - the lapdeck is strong but it's only meant for use on soft surfaces, like a bed or couch!
why not brown?
thanks for the suggestion @winston j- we're going to announce stretch goals soon for different colors/graphics.. please stay tuned!
why not have a black version available as well. i think it would look better in black to match a black computer/tv monitor sitting on top of it.
thanks @jason! and yep, works great on a bed- way more comfortable way to work, watch movies, etc!
really awesome idea! this works well on a bed correct?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
