still haven't received my iphone version
not received yet, but it is time to update my address since i moved to a new place. "14f., #128 shin-shi 5th road, dasmshui disc., new taipei city, taiwan 251" phone number: +886-922-132828 thank you.
still haven't received my iphone version
i became a backer on 3/29/13 but never received a code so i can't buy the new ones without it. please re-send it. doug@jensen.org. thank you.
i forgot i had this and went searching for it the other day and found a few pieces... cheaply made, didn't last long, hopefully the apple units will be better.
any updates on the apple units?
more constructive feedback, the first part to go was the glue holding the side plate which came off.
waste of money. poorly built product, precious little charge and mine broke apart after only about a month of use on my keyring
guess what. usb-c will replace the charge you are building. so be ready to update again.
waste of $22. absolute rubbish charge. for roughly 50% extra cost, i bought a 10,000 mah battery charger unit ($30.00) and it can charge my phone 3 times over. thanks devotec for delayed production and weak product.
some christmas good news from devotec, we have finally been given approval from apple for the iphone version of our fuel micro charger. we can now put our design into production, and be able to offer everyone an iphone compatible fuel in the coming months.
still waiting on my lightening version. very disappointed.
have to be honest, i'm a bit disappointed that it's been a year since the micro usb version shipped and there has been no visible progress on the lightning version.
hey guys! we know you have been waiting for the fuel lightning version for some time now, but this being a separate project takes time, and we what to make it great, as we have learned a lot form the fuel micro-usb. we are expecting to launch this new version soon. thanks to all our backers!!!
hi, i pledged for an iphone version. still waiting for it. any news??
where is the iphone version?
devotec responded to my below comment and i received my replacement yesterday. i appreciate it guys.
i had the same issues. cap broke off, paint chipping, which i was fine with, but then the side panel fell off. i still liked it and decided to order a new one. that was 3 months ago. i sent an email and was told they'd ship it aug 13th. i emailed again sept 1st saying it was cool if inventory was out, i just wanted an honest time estimate - radio silence :(
hey guys! we are working on fuel lightning version using materials of the highest quality, with a great design and assemble team. it is expected to be launched in a few months. we will keep you updated. stay tuned!
any news about the iphone version?
hi devotec, its been around six months now since my last inquiry and i was wondering if there are any updates on the lighting version?
when we launched fuel to all our great kickstarter backers, it was our 3rd  major revision of the product and our first proper manufacturing run. like all hardware projects, and especially  kickstarter products, we have continued to work on, tweak and improve the fuel micro charger.      we are now on our 5th revision of fuel, and have made a number of improvements, listening to feedback from our first customers:  -       the silicone cap is now made from a different material, which is much stronger, and the mold has been widened with more radius added, to make the part less brittle and strengthen the cap. -       the top switch has been changed to a new part from a new supplier. the new supplied part is stronger than the last one, and has decreased the switch breaking. we are working on a further update to this part to lessen the pressure on the switch. -       the paint supplier has been changed, using a more accurate, robotic controlled paint spray, which has led to a more uniform painting of the fuel micro charger, which in turn means there are less built up areas of paint that are easy to scratch off. -       we found that the first supplier of glue we used had sold us what we believe was fake henkel glue. we contacted the direct henkel suppliers and have bought the original product, that has led to a stronger bonding of the top cover and main housing, largely solving the lid-popping issue. we are working on this further, looking into a glueless, screw design. we are still passionate about fuel and are continuing to refine and improve the product. we are proud of our customer service and have an rma program in place for anyone who has had any issues with their fuel. as the product matures, we have been fortunate that we have solved problems and fixed weaknesses, leading to hopefully higher customer satisfaction.  we hope everyone continues to like and use their fuel micro charger.
hi devotec, i too have the same problems that lathen is having. however i didnt mind the paint chipping (i like the look of wear). i didn't mind the cap falling off (it was a little piece of rubber) however the side panel on mine fell of within the first week. again not a big deal i just taped it back on. but sadly it fell off again and is forever lost now. so i have to agree that at the very least the side panel issue needs to be fixed. is there anything i can do to replace my lost side panel?
@gerard ricart @lathen carlson, our apologies for the inconvenience. please check your ks inbox as we will be contacting you to take this matter further. thank you for your feedback. remember if anyone has experience any problems with fuel please do not hesitate to contact us at ale@devotecindustries.com. for all other questions, do see our last post for info.
i've never recived mine...
@devotec industries: the paint chipped off of my unit within the first couple of weeks of carrying the fuel in my pocket with a few keys. the rubber cap snapped off at week three, then the side door popped off and was lost forever about two weeks ago. the fuel functions as indicated, but the durability is practically non-existent. it feels rugged in the hand, and even looks it. the fact of the matter is, however, they just fall apart far too easily. my poor battered and broken fuel now sits on a shelf. is there going to be any progress with your production methods for future releases of the fuel? i would certainly advise a different method of coloration as this glossed enamel  paint is far too weak. also, a beefier cover connector, and some more secure method of attaching the side panel are an absolute necessity.
@hcg @meow zui, please accept our apologies for the mishap. in order to solve this inconvenience we will need more detail on each case, please check your ks inbox as we will be contacting you to take this matter further. we expect to rectify the problem in a hasty manner. for future reference, if anyone has experience any problems with fuel please do not hesitate to contact us via kickstarter messaging or email us at ale@devotecindustries.com. for all other questions, do see our last post for info.
mine too @hcg, i forgot that i got it actually, i finally opened it last weekend to use it and charged it since i never used it, it just popped up. now i don't know what to do with it. just wasted $22. i'm so pissed!!
oh! mine just popped open while charging. it was really hot, i am glad it didnt expolde... now its not responding anymore. is there a way to get it replaced?
womp. mine broke the first time i used it. wish the cap was attached a little more firmly. :/
@ilya, out apologies that you have not yet received your fuel, we have send out units already and there are some rare cases where the units were lost in transit, this seems to be your case, please check your ks inbox we have send you some information regarding the replacement process. also remember for those who have not yet received their fuel, please make sure you filled out the surveys that were sent out via kickstarter. otherwise get in contact with ale@devotecindustries.com about the iphone version we are working to have it ready in a few months, we will be posting updates, you can also check our website for more information www.devotecindustries.com for all other questions, do see our last post for info.
beware no item no money back! nothing! them are cheaters! never buy their items again!
they mentioned a few comments down from this on 28 feb that he lightening version is still six months off. i also read they've had difficulties getting approval from apple to actually use the lightening connector
any news on the lightning version?
any update on the progress of the lightning version? seem to remember that my kickstarter pledge also included first option to buy a lightning one as well when it's ready. how is that going to work?
just got a micro usb to 30 pin adapter to charge my iphone 4s. the fuel gives me another 10 or 15%.
accidentally had one of mine go through the wash. i can still charge it and everything, but the lights never shut off anymore lol so i always know when it has a charge or not!
very disappointed how the cup just broke off when taking it out of the box :-/
mine arrive a few months ago, finally opened it today and the rubber cap promptly broke off. shame it isn't a bit more rugged.
i just ordered a micro usb to 30 pin adapter so i can use this on my iphone 4s. i originally bought it for an extra charger for my elroy, but that project is experiencing unfortunate manufacturing delays.
hey, i loved my fuel! it seemed sturdy but the cap fell off.. and also one of the sidings fell off completely exposing the internals... i didn't do much with it, it was on my keychain and i took it out one day and apparently the siding fell off and i'm not sure where it is.. is this covered under warranty? i haven't even had it for that long.
hey guys!, thank you for your comments and feedback. @branden g, @tom spiegel,  we are working on the lightning version and it is expected to be launched in 6 months approximately. we are an mfi certified company, so our lightning version of fuel will be mfi certified. also remember for those who have not yet received their fuel, please make sure you filled out the surveys that were sent out via kickstarter. otherwise get in contact with ale@devotecindustries.com for all other questions, do see our last post for info.
i'm also interested in the lightning connector version. i asked about it a 9 days ago and no response. another important question, if you guys are still going forward with the lightning version will it be mfi certified? don't think ios 7 was out when this was funded so it wasn't an issue then.
hi guys is there any news on the lightning connector version? has been a bit quiet for a while now and an update would be much appreciated.
cap fell off within first week (no big deal) but now the on/off switch has broken off..if you ever make a second version of this please make it more sturdy
have drop you an email (again). i have yet to receive mine. can you trace at your side?
took it out of the box, charged it, haven't even had time to use it and i already have no idea where the cap is... going to test the charging capability tonight.
any updates on the lightning version?
i should have received my fuel replacement by now ("your unit will be sent out before the end of january blabla"), still did not get it.
i haven't received mine either. mexican here.
i haven't received mine yet. i'm located in ny.
lost my rubber cap right off the bat, but more concerning i only get about 10% battery boost on a nexus 5 (when based on capacity it should be 30-40%).  any ideas?
this thing is cheaply made. the power switch has broken, the fuel cap has come off, and a side panel just came undone. now i can no longer use it, and i still have my name on the lightening version. what a shame i wasted money on this project.
i know this is cosmetic, but now, not long after receiving my fuel, paint started to chip off of many of the edges and sides. looks more like a metal fuel can now with the look of being dinged i guess...the power switch easily turns on just by being in my pocket. maybe friction from it just being put in my pocket causes it. not sure. i just know that sometimes i pull it out of my pocket and it's turned on.
receive my few weeks ago, but the side panel come off a few hours after receiving. it's very sad.
for those who have not yet received their fuel, please make sure you filled out the surveys that were sent out via kickstarter. otherwise get in contact with ale@devotecindustries.com for all other questions, do see our last post for info.
have not received mine either. location ny.
received mine in canada weeks ago and everything has been working great. very useful.
already received mine a few minutes ago. guys, that's a beautiful case.
@devotec did you look at screw on caps?
received my fuel in the mail.  right out of the box, the little power switch up top was broken.  not at all satisfied.  risks with buying a new and untested product.  buyers beware of the build quality.
creator: check your site mail & your sales email.  i still have not received my product up here in canada.  would be nice if you could at least acknowledge the communication to that effect.
really hope you're going to send min asap. still haven't received it.
thanks for the posts and the review. we understand that no matter how hard we work, there will always be some issues and need for rma. we have a full policy set up for rma, and get in touch with ale if you have an issue with your fuel: ale@devotecindustries.com @adrian - we did look into using anodized aluminium for the painting, which was actually easier to do, but the colours that cam out were horrible, we had a very limited range of colours we could use, so we stuck to paint. @s m: we have not ignored your comments, we have simply replied to your question in the post directly underneath your last comment. for the other issues, you can see here are thoughts: @uncharging units: make sure the fuel has been charged for 2 hours, and that the fuel is turned on (flick the power switch) so that the blue led is working. if it still can not charge your phone, we would first recommend trying with another micro-usb device, and then get in touch with us for an rma. @undelivered units: everything was sent out just before christmas. depending on postal systems (especially outside of europe/usa) units should have arrived, but we suggest waiting up to 28days for the package before we can mark the item as not received. email us if you still have not received your fuel by 20th january, and we will investigate with the relevant post office. @side panel falling off: there are two things people can do - if you want to try and fix it yourself, we suggest using a dab of superglue on the inside ledge of the housing and then fixing the top cover back on. we use loctite 460, but standard superglue should work. alternatively, we can rma. switch:  we found that some switches were stiff or breaking easily during quality control. we thought we had taken out the bad samples in testing, but it looks like a few managed to go out to backers. we have now corrected this problem at the manufacturing level by switching to a new supplier, and we have instigated a heightened switch test to production units.  for those that have had their switch break off during use, please send a picture and your name/address to ale at customer services (ale@devotecindustries.com) and we will process an rma. sorry for this guys!  - the switch is quite recessed and should be used with the tip of a finger or a finger nail. the reason for this is that the longer the switch is the easier it is to break, or to turn on by mistake in your pocket.  if your switch is recessed, it is not broken but it should stick out enough to be turned on as described above. cap:  we had designed it to be held in place by hot glue inside the housing, but it seems that it is more delicate than we hoped and is coming off the housing.  we are sorry this has happened, as we really thought we had managed to get everything just right. unfortunately this seems to be a problem with fuel in general. we are now considering removing the cap completely from future batches, as it is a small cosmetic addition and we don’t want this to become an issue. your fuel will work fine without this cosmetic accessory, although we do apologise about this.  to add - personally on units where we have found this to be a problem, we have cut the tail away from the cap head and are using just the cap head to sit on top of the micro-usb male. the friction fit keeps the cap head in place well. we may look to use this method in future batches.
quick little review from me: the thing is tiny and looks really good, it also works as it should and is a genuinely good idea that i think people will/should buy, however, there are some flaws with the design. first, the colour flakes really easily when attached to a keychain, i think it would have looked and lasted better with a matte anodization rather than a glossy spray paint. i suppose this is more expensive though, but i'd have paid more for it. furthermore (and this is something that i mentioned quite early on), the strap holding the cap on is too weak and mine broke after less than 24 hours in my pocket. since i was expecting this it didn't bother me so much, but then the cap actually fell off and i don't know where that happened so now i have no protection for the port. i think the best solution for this problem would be to use a simple plastic or metal screw on cap with either a metal chain to keep it in place, or simply no chain at all. this could be done in a number of ways but i suppose the easiest and cheapest solution would be a very thin spacer-like pad with threading on the outer part, and a cap that fits it, then you simply glue the duo onto the unpainted fuel and commence painting. this would last in my pocket, i am sure of it. any chance a future version with a screw-on cap would show up? if so, message me and i'll get all my mates to buy one.
i yet to receive mind!!!!
the on/off switch on my fuel broke after few days of carrying the fuel on the keychain =( now it's a non-functional waste...
side panel and micro usb cap lost for me as well. if we rma our faulty units will you send us a new unit or fix the original? i can't send back my side panel because it came off somewhere when i was out. switch also seems temperamental.
huh, haven't tested mine yet, but thinking i should asap. sounds like there's some longevity issues...
sadly i have had terrible experience with fuel so far. day 1: unboxed and removed the (very cool) fuel cap, the strap broke off of the fuel canister. day 3: side of fuel fell off of canister exposing all of the innards. day 5: stopped charging. so overall very disappointed; seemed like such a cool idea.
just got my 2 units today. they look amazing. i am opening them now and will post my experience with the fuel.
got mine today. looks good, now charging. i find it funny that the switch had to be closed from right to left in order to turn on the device if holding the fuel with the leds at top. otherwise it looks cool!
the package look nice and happy with the fuel. to bad i can use it. i'll have to wait until iphone show.
2 units received. one seems ok, the other one (red one) is fully defective (does not charge, deffective switch, etc.). i asked for a rma.
fuel finally came to spain . it was a long way. the first impression is good in appearance , weight and connectors. i've been testing it four days but i think the product is defective, and these are my first impressions : charge my phone in an hour and a half. and my nexus battery provides 4 in about 7 %. i expected a little more capacity, but it is within the manufacturers' instructions . however, fuel behavior is unstable. these days i look like after a full charge and for no apparent reason , the red light after 5 or 6 hours to illuminate from full charge and discharge only without being plugged into anything. i think my fuel is failing i get in touch with you for an rma.
devotec industries, my comments are ignored. why?
thanks for all the comments guys. @uncharging units: make sure the fuel has been charged for 2 hours, and that the fuel is turned on (flick the power switch) so that the blue led is working. if it still can not charge your phone, we would first recommend trying with another micro-usb device, and then get in touch with us for an rma. @undelivered units: everything was sent out just before christmas. depending on postal systems (especially outside of europe/usa) units should have arrived, but we suggest waiting up to 28days for the package before we can mark the item as not received. email us if you still have not received your fuel by 20th january, and we will investigate with the relevant post office. @side panel falling off: there are two things people can do - if you want to try and fix it yourself, we suggest using a dab of superglue on the inside ledge of the housing and then fixing the top cover back on. we use loctite 460, but standard superglue should work. alternatively, we can rma. switch:  we found that some switches were stiff or breaking easily during quality control. we thought we had taken out the bad samples in testing, but it looks like a few managed to go out to backers. we have now corrected this problem at the manufacturing level by switching to a new supplier, and we have instigated a heightened switch test to production units.  for those that have had their switch break off during use, please send a picture and your name/address to ale at customer services (ale@devotecindustries.com) and we will process an rma. sorry for this guys! - the switch is quite recessed and should be used with the tip of a finger or a finger nail. the reason for this is that the longer the switch is the easier it is to break, or to turn on by mistake in your pocket.  if your switch is recessed, it is not broken but it should stick out enough to be turned on as described above. cap:  we had designed it to be held in place by hot glue inside the housing, but it seems that it is more delicate than we hoped and is coming off the housing.  we are sorry this has happened, as we really thought we had managed to get everything just right. unfortunately this seems to be a problem with fuel in general. we are now considering removing the cap completely from future batches, as it is a small cosmetic addition and we don’t want this to become an issue. your fuel will work fine without this cosmetic accessory, although we do apologise about this.      to add - personally on units where we have found this to be a problem, we have cut the tail away from the cap head and are using just the cap head to sit on top of the micro-usb male. the friction fit keeps the cap head in place well. we may look to use this method in future batches.
received mine today and the cap broke of the rubber strap instantly. i understand it just cosmetic but it's part the nice little touches that made me back this project in the first place. shame they didn't correct this during r&d or quality control. and they're not willing to replace it
got mine a few weeks ago. love the form factor. get about an extra 5% boost on my bb z10. issues experienced: a bit bummed about the cap falling off. have you considered making it out of hard plastic and deeper(to cover the whole connector) and attached by string  to handle? (same place where you attach the string for the keychain) my green light does not work, although it seem that the fuel does charge, the red light turns off, but the green light never turns on.
my switch thingy broke off getting it into the charging side... anything i can do about it?
my side panel also fell off while on my keychain and is gone. how do i get a return please?
devotec industries, could you track my package? if i don't receive my set(g&r), what shall i do?
hi, international backers! have you received fuel charger? i ain't got mine..yet.
unfortunately my charger isn't working. i've charged fuel for a number of hours believing it needed time to fully charge but to no avail. when charging fuel 3 green lights appear making me believe it has a charge but it just doesn't work with my phone. (galaxy s4) is there a return system set up for such cases?
got an adapter so i could use this with my iphone. it works for about 5 minutes and then shuts off. love the design and hope you can get them to work properly agree with others about the flimsy switch and rubber cap but the overall design is awesome.
: hi there, just wanted to say i got my fuel and love the look and feel of it, yes the little switch seems very delicate and so does the rubber cap but loosing the cap doenst seem like it will affect the item and just need to be really careful with the switch. i am having an issue though.  the fuel works great on several items ive tried it on including my xperia tablet z, some mt80 headphones and a sharkk bluettooth keyboard (fully charged the last 2)  but... when i try to use on my phone (htc incredible lte) it instantly powers off, and shuts down a bunch of my apps, in fact, the last time i tried... it actually completely drained the battery! (from 64%)  not sure whats going on here, it works fine with anything else  i try it, but my phone is the main reason i got this. help?
i still haven't received mine - is there any tracking info available?
got mine. pretty cool. it's definitely only for emergency power. only gave my razr m an extra 13%. enough for that sos call! it heated up a hell of a lot though. is that normal? love the box it comes in.
just received mine, happy with its look but... i also ordered the lightening edition and received a micro-usb edition. please help me too!!!! i wish i can use it soon but i don't have the cables to charge this and it doesn't connect to my iphone 5....any help is appreciated!!!
my cap just broke today too. near where it enters the fuel, that thin rubber just snapped. i have barely kept it on my keychain a few days in my pocket too, if you don't remove it altogether maybe design in a string held cap or something that won't break. is this an rma thing or do i just ignore the broken cap since it is just cosmetic? thanks!
fuel, love the charger. its great on my keychain. however one small issue. the side panel fell off. http://imgur.com/ojh9uao,cx1wef6 , anyway i can get a rma on this? thanks, mike
i just received a second unit. not sure why, but thanks!
received my fuel today, just popped in to say thank you :)
we'd like to respond to some of the comments below: over 99.9% of fuels shipped out are charging people's phones just as they should - the main function of fuel, and this is something we are very proud of. of almost 4000 backers, less than 1% have had an issue with the switch. we have changed that part, and are running an rma plan to exchange any non working unit.       the cap is a cosmetic addition that we may take off entirely in future versions due to some of the issues people are experiencing, but it doesn't effect fuels ability to charge your phone when you need it in any way. there are often teething problems with any new product. we did our very best to control quality but some bad units got through and for this we apologise. we hope to rectify this situation soon, and make sure all our backers are happy with working fuels!
btw i think the usb slug needs some protection - perhaps an hinged version??
cap is c*ap. it won't reattach at all now. tried super glue to no avail.switch feels port quality too. brings my nexus 4 up 5% which is about as expected.
switch broke after 5 days. binned. another ks fiasco.
received my two fuel's, rubber cap broke off immediately on the first.   the second one came off in my pocket unaided.   i really was not rough with these things, clearly bad choice of materials on the cap.
@eric same thing happened to mine @mitchell i'm in sw fl and got mine already
i have yet to receive mine:/ hopefully it comes in the next few days in the mail since today is sunday. anyone in south florida receive theirs yet? i filled out a survey as soon as i got it too
i just got my fuel! however, i ordered the lightening edition and received a micro-usb edition. please help!!!!
got my fuel on the 24th, used it to charge my phone in a pinch worked perfectly. today the side casing popped off, i snapped back in and it seemed secure but it popped off again somewhere in my car. if i can find it i guess i'll try to superglue it together.
thanks for all your comments guys, and it's great that everyone is finally getting their fuels and trying them out. we want to address two issues that some people are finding: switch: we found that some switches were stiff or breaking easily during quality control. we thought we had taken out the bad samples in testing, but it looks like a few managed to go out to backers. we have now corrected this problem at the manufacturing level by switching to a new supplier, and we have instigated a heightened switch test to production units.      for those that have had their switch break off during use, please send a picture and your name/address to ale at customer services (ale@devotecindustries.com) and we will process an rma. sorry for this guys! - the switch is quite recessed and should be used with the tip of a finger or a finger nail. the reason for this is that the longer the switch is the easier it is to break, or to turn on by mistake in your pocket.      if your switch is recessed, it is not broken but it should stick out enough to be turned on as described above. cap: thanks for getting in touch and letting us know about the cap. we had designed it to be held in place by hot glue inside the housing, but it seems that it is more delicate than we hoped and is coming off the housing.       we are sorry this has happened, as we really thought we had managed to get everything just right. unfortunately this seems to be a problem with fuel in general. we are now considering removing the cap completely from future batches, as it is a small cosmetic addition and we don’t want this to become an issue. your fuel will work fine without this cosmetic accessory, although we do apologise about this.
here's a link to a pic i took of the two. http://imgur.com/i756b9x
received mine today as a late christmas present lol.  if we had mail on christmas day it would have been awesome to get it in the mail.  i ordered both the red and green.  love the packaging, very professional.  i charged my nexus 5 after charging up the red fuel and got between 6-7%.  only thing is i can't plug it into my nexus 5 without removing the phone cover as it does not let fuel's micro usb go completely into the charging port resulting in no charger connection, no fault of the devotec as there are different covers everywhere. when it does plug in, it is very secure which is great.  thanks for the fuel and hope your company sells a ton of them.
gave it a test, pretty good. only thing so far is the rubber cap that broke off, seems like others are having the same issue.
directions for attaching the keychain?
i received my fuel right before christmas. i am really happy with the design of the product and the results of its charging. i was not giving unrealistic expectations for the amount of charge the fuel gives your phone. the reason for fuel is to give you that little charge you may need in an emergency, which is what it can do very well. my only issue is the first time i pulled the black cap off of the usb port it snapped at the base. the rubber cap broke off the first time i took it off of the fuel which is disappointing.
received my fuel chargers today!  charging now!
just receive my fuel like an after-christmas gift :) thanks guys, it looks amazing ! i will test this afternoon !
will be there be an email notification when the fuel is shipped?
sad, no charger for me at this time, but at least i have a late xmas gift to look forward to!
just wanted to say thanks - got mine today, before christmas, just like you promised. nice piece of kit!
hi guys, good to hear that the fuels are arriving. @julian, are apologies about the switch. we have had some problems with the current switch of switches but thought we had taken out all the bad samples in qc. please get in touch with ale for an rma. fyi: we have now replaced the switch vendor with a new supplier.
i got my fuel order today, just in time for christmas! many thanks, i hope the product holds up to my expectations...
the switch appears to be very fragile. after charging my fuel, i switched it to "off" and the switch snapped off. the fuel is now unusable :(
mine arrived today. i plugged it in and it charged to green in about 30 minutes. i bought it to charge my elroy bluetooth headset, which i'm waiting to be finished and shipped. the fuel is about 1.5x battery capacity as the elroy, so it should extend talk life to 15 hours.
(uk) got mine a couple days ago! really nice, was a bit dusty when i got it but thankfully it was just dust and not scratches etc. the led light also works well at night when you cannot see which way to plug the connector into the phone. nice product. thank you.
@patrick a 5% extra phone charge is consistent with an extra 20 - 30 minutes talk time, which is how we have always advertised fuel. it would be great to be able to offer a bigger battery charging percentage, but then fuel would have to be bigger as a result and there are already many chargers on the market that are bigger in both size and capacity. fuel is an emergency charger to allow you to make a few phone calls or emails when in need, instead of a full size charger. we hope it helps you out when you need it.
i think i got a defective unit. the plastic cap broke off and the bottom charging port was wedged inside the device making it hard to plug in a cable. i managed to plug a cable in and charge the fuel. i fully charged the fuel and then tested it on my phone. i discharged it entirely, my nexus 4 phone started on 14% charge and using all the fuel's power it finished on 19%. poor result. it looks cool even without the plastic cap but 5% charge is not really worth charging it and carrying around. sad times.
thomas latest update just said they'll be working on iphone through 2014 ie they haven't made it yet
what's the status on the iphone version? i had a gsiii when i pledged for this but switched to an iphone 5 for better battery life.
hi guys, we just sent an update on shipping, but all backers should have their fuels sent to them  by the end of today.  check the update for more info, and great to see that some backers already have their fuels!
so just wondering if you know what company is the sender for the netherlands, just got dhl that tried to deliver a package from assa in norway, but they wouldn't hand it over because it had a complete different name as receiver listed then mine.
@ak loop through the carrying handles on the fuel can
ok this is gonna sound dumb but what's the recommended way to attach the keychain? should we loop through the usb-cover?
yay!! received my fuel today, in the uk. the packaging is so amazing i don't even want to open it! very happy.
@brit - basically we're waiting for an update to say the units arrived to the distribution center and are being shipped out to us. with christmas being 6 days away unless they are sending it priority today/tomorrow we may not get them before wednesday. i guess we'll just have to wait and see!
@brit yes, units are shipping - check the updates for more information.
hello???
any chance these are shipping right now and will be in the us before christmas?
i've had a beta unit for 3 weeks now. its really useful and looks great on my keychain. i like carrying it around and has helped me several times already in a pinch! to get the most out of the fuel when i get a battery warning i have been turning off data, wifi and bluetooth and keeping the backlight on low. the fuel keeps my nexus 4 alive long enough for me to get though a solid text message conversation and a couple calls. that wouldn't have been possible in the past because for some reason my phone drops from the 14% warning to the 3% warning in a couple of minutes! it makes a great charge on my plantronics 925 as well. check out some photos! http://i.imgur.com/jkvalnd.jpg http://i.imgur.com/qbily7m.jpg http://i.imgur.com/yq3ff2d.jpg http://i.imgur.com/dajbekf.jpg
not sure how much i can tell you about the performance of my beta unit. i think i can get away with saying that i'm happy with it, though. :-) it does the job it's intended for.
charged fuel to 100% on 19/11/2013.. **left on desk for circa 13 days with switch set to off** plugged @ 09:21am: 02/12/2013 - battery reading was 50% on phone **left charging phone till fuel was empty** unplugged @ 09:35am :  02/12/2013 - battery at 56% on phone. so it charged for 14mins and i got an extra 6% of battery, after the fuel was left untouched fully charged for 13 days. the google nexus 5 phone was on but the screen was off
another test i did on my dead nexus 4... i fully charged the fuel and then attached it to my dead nexus 4 and left it to charge till it the fuel was empty, i then started my nexus 4 and it was showing a charge of exactly 20%.
some stats from my beta unit.. fuel (100% charged) plugged into nexus 5 @ 13:05pm - battery at 54% **left charging** fuel (empty) unplugged @ 13:22pm - battery at 62% the nexus 5 phone was on but the screen was off therefore i got an 8% battery increase in 17 mins on my nexus 5.
thanks for posting the photo, simon! it looks nice, and i am glad the guys are taking the time to ensure quality control before releasing it.  i wonder if the army green color was perfected.... even though this project is taking longer than they originally projected  (who didn't expect delays?), the way devotec is managing their backers' expectations with regular and detailed updates is commendable, and a great model for other ks projects. good job, devotec!
my beta unit on my keyring: https://www.dropbox.com/s/p7e29uyxpzy7ft2/2013-11-11%2010.29.30.jpg
: anyone going to post pics or vids of their "beta's" in action?
hey all, i'm a beta tester in the us.  i got my beta fuel to test today.  looked good in the package, so i broke it open and plugged it in to test out.  working well so far!
beta tester here in the uk too, got mine this morning, charged it till green, now charging my nexus 4 with it. packaging and presentation as barry said below is very nice.. will post updates as we test more. ask any questions as well if you like..
hi! beta tester in the uk here and i received mine this morning. it's charging a samsung at the moment. packaging is pretty darn cute.
hi, i was lucky enough to be one of the beta testers, as soon as i receive it i will let everyone know here. feel free then to ask any questions, see pics etc.. i'll try and be as cooperative as i can (esp during work hours! ;-)
would love to be a beta tester.    best of luck to you
so were shipments ever shipped? i never got mine :/
thanks for everyone wanting to test, but we will choose the first people who commented on the update. hopefully they can give everyone some feedback about what the product is actually like in their hands. for iphone- we will offer a solution for iphones before christmas, but can't promise that we can get the finished lightning version out by then. keep reading the updates!
would love to beta test.
any chance to have the lightning version ready by christmas?
please can i be a beta tester
i would love a beta tester please
i volunteer to test
could i please test as well.
i would like to be a beta tester please
hi there,      everyone who backed us should be getting weekly updates from us via kickstarter. check your spam mail folders if you are not receiving them. our updates are all backer-only as we often post slightly sensitive information.      we have just posted a detailed update and explanation of where we are, as well as inviting our first beta-testers (backers only).       our latest schedule is to hopefully have all the units sent out by the end of november, and definitely in time for christmas.
hey there, i haven't been receiving any updates. i backed $25, but would be helpful to know of the progress please. george
dumb question because i assume you'd share it if you had one but do we have an eta down yet? anyway, i'm digging the updates and am looking forward to completion. keep up the good work.
i am enjoying me $15 education into the manufacturing process.  i'm getting a lot more information than i expected.  thank you for the updates.  it's pretty clear that "eventually" i'll have a fuel in my mailbox.
hi,      we try to give updates every 1 - 2 weeks depending on what work has been happening, and what we can share with our backers. sometimes we may have been working hard on the project, but minor updates (sourcing kapton tape for example) probably aren't going to interest that many people. (although a relief for us!) the vast majority of our backers have been great to us, being patient and understanding. there are always hidden delays and issues, and we try to explain to our backers what problems we have encountered so that they have a better understanding of exactly where we are.       also, most of our backers find it interesting and insightful to better learn how a product goes from an idea through the many stages of manufacture until it is a finished project. kickstarter is not amazon. kickstarter is a community where people believe in the projects and offer money as well as occasional advice and support to the project creators. kickstarter is not a place to simply pre-order goods, and expect amazon like delivery for generic items. kickstarter is a place to show your support for new ideas and products. this is stated quite a few times throughout kickstarter's website. the people who have the best experience backing projects on kickstarter are those that enjoy the process of helping project founders and learning more about the unique products that they make. we try to involve our backers as much as possible in our journey to finished product, and we find that many of our backers take pleasure from reading about our work.
ops.. my mistake.. ;( but touch time really a pain in the a$$ to wait for...
@casey - he's counting the end of funding as part of the delay... as if ks is a site to pre-order.  though i'm surprised he's freaking out over not even 3 months.. those watches he backed have some major delay if i'm not mistaken - touch time is estimated 11 months over.
we're right now at a 3 month delay (january would be a 6 month delay).
it has been almost 1/2 a year delay! pls expedite on completing the project and not giving updates on why you are still in testing etc!! the longer this goes, the more i found the updates to be like an excuse. tq
seems you skipped a weekly update.  hope you'll post one before 2 weeks passes, you've given good information. if you'd just include a best guess dates, even further out ones, backers should let up. thanks - susan
the last update that contained info on shipping was early july (saying it was pushed back 3-4 weeks). are we still looking 3-4 weeks behind or longer at this point?
i want to change to a iphone charger, i change phone, and i don't think i change again to another phone yet. i hope there's that possibility.
hi,      we are still finalising the delivery dates for the different reward options. we post updates every week, so please do read through the exclusive backer updates to find out specifics of where we are and all new information.
did i miss the new delivery date ?
hi there- what is the current delivery date? kate
jerry your stupidity astounds me. as long as sheep like you are happy with just updates you'll be happy right? astounding.
@ian you are right, i would prefer not to get a proto model, even if it is very close to the production models.
@gloups is that because you worry that the proto models won't be as good quality? if you're worrying that they will be physically larger i'm 95% sure that the word "larger" is referring to making a larger batch, not making larger units since that would require a whole new case being designed and made. they do say: "we are going to next manufacture a run of 100 fuels, to finished spec". to me "finished spec" means that they'll be the same as the production run.
i would personally prefer not to get my 2 fuel chargers from the "larger factory proto build" batch, but from the "full production" batch, even if if i receive them a month later. thanks.
good job guys! cant wait to unwrap this for christmas :d
thank you for the updates, this is what i call a really successfull kickstarter campaing. it doesn't matter to be on time or not, as soon as we are keeping informed.
wow!  great news!  can't wait to touch the finished product.
the fuel is going to be awesome!
tim vu - lol, the fuel did the same thing as crabby wallet obviously you don't understand/read english very well.  crabby wallet never said anything about delays even after he got a lot of money from it.  he said there will be delays just before it was supposed to be shipped. investing obviously you have no idea what it is, so i not even going to try to explain someone who thinks he has a brain. please preach what you said....enough trolling the trolls, tim the one with the "brain": "this is a trending problem when you back something that has already completed the funding side (past 100 percent funding). not enough foresight to have for pre-production logistics and not enough time for post funding production for timely deliveries. people, including myself, should have expected this."
also, why be impartial about the deadlines for fuel? in their second to the last update they said delivery may be delayed to "late august/early september". that's about a month more than their original delivery timeline... which is about the same as that for the crabby wallet's new timeline now, which you also backed, isn't it?
hey tim, i never bragged about being a successful investor at ks. also, in case you might have missed it because you complain a lot, go click on "what is kickstarter" and you'll find "kickstarter is a new way to fund creative projects." clear as day, it is not an online store. and i don't "shop" at ks, i contribute funding to projects that i believe in, and i assume you also came here for the same reasons too. if i have more projects pledged than you, that doesn't mean that i'm a shopper and you're not, i just pledged more projects than you, that is all, so don't try to assume you know my intentions when you clearly don't. not all ks creators were made the same, some more prepared than others, but that doesn't mean they won't deliver. as a backer, you should have already figured this out by now, noting that we both started about the same time in ks last year. perhaps if you funded half of their target then even i would be more demanding in being updated on a weekly basis, but for a $16 pledge? come on, you can be more reasonable than that.
also jerry - the reason why i havent complained about the crabby wallet is because they set realistic deadlines and didnt try to advertise/enforce an unrealistic one. something new to try.....called brain. you might like it.
jonathan gabriel - quick lesson in investing: when you invest in anything you aren't investing in any particular product, but rather the result the product will yield.  same thing applies with treasury bills. that is how investing works. kickstarter you are buying the product direct from the project starter (and with timelines). you're going to sit in your basement and tell me you're going to wait forever just to get a 22 dollar purchase? are you really that delusional to not care how long it takes for your product to arrive? get real kiddo. also tell me again how you're such a successful 'investor' in kickstarter again. you're nothing more than a habitual online shopper. just because i don't pour all my money into the ridiculous amount of 'projects' on kickstarter (like you) doesn't mean i do not know investing. jerry - refer to above - you savvy 'investors' are savvy.
excited you guys are above the curve compared to other projects i've seen. stoked to be a (tiny) part of the project.
hey jerry, nice backer profile you got there! i see we share several ks projects. aside from this (fuel), may i also interest you in a very cool ks project? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/eephrati/skymouse. think minority report style interface for your pc (and hopefully, your hdtv :) sorry for the plugin, now back to your regular scheduled fuel discussion.
well, tim has only backed four projects so i give him a benefit of the doubt as he hasn't received anything yet so far. not a lot of newbies know that 80% of the projects on ks are delayed, they believe this is like an amazon but its not. kobe beef - one i wished it finished, would have been an awesome ks scam of the ages.   this - delayed. crabby wallet - delayed wonder why he hasn't complained there too yet. game - definately going to be delayed as most games are delayed..
woot i win! obviously, tim doesn't know anything on how manufacturing works, saying goes if something will go wrong it will go wrong.!  every company have delays including apple, samsung, lg, ge, microsoft etc are you going to ask for a refund for all of your equipment as they were probably delayed too.  you really need to step out of your home tim. you talk about investing and then ask for a 18 dollar refund lol. definitely, not a investor at all...you don't invest in a company and when you lose money on stocks as for a refund on what you lost. why are you even in ks if you don't like delays...
tim vu, how much of the 81 grand did you contribute? right, that's what i thought. do you know the difference between an ordinary buyer and a project backer? no? yep, that's what i thought so too. have you ever tried creating a project with this expected amount of funding, then got more than you expected so now you had to escalate your production some more? no, i didn't think so too. keep your pants on, man. it's not like they suddenly hid themselves and stole your money.
i'm with jerry. this is a brand spanking new product. if i needed something immediately kickstarter is the last place i would go. that's not the point of the site. delays happen. are they suppose to line up half a dozen factories incase one stops correspondence? that is unrealistic. imo a 4-6 week delay after this type of issue is completely understandable. let's also not forgot how many kickerstarter campaign's actually achieve their "estimated" ship goal. i believe that number at last glance was around 20%. there is little about the updates to suggest the product delivery date was ill conceived. as i posted earlier, sh*t happens. devotec is keeping the backers informed, found another facility, and things are moving forward. personally seeing as i only pledged $22 i don't care how long it takes to get my charger. would i like it before christmas? absolutely, as i was planning on it being a little stocking stuffer for my husband. would it be devastating if that doesn't happen? of course not. i've done my research on kickstarter projects and know that most end up with delays. as long as i'm informed/updated on the status i'm a happy camper.
at jerry - so you've waited for a product for a whole year and no updates as of yet...? are you that much of a lemming to accept ill conceived product deliveries and timelines? if you've done anything remotely close to investing - you'll know delays happen sure - but when it could've been preventable like the manufacturing mistake devotec made (no contingency plan) - there is really no excuse. so what is your mental rationale now jerry? devotec - keep your product - i would like my funds back - you're well over your funding needed.
new estimated delivery late is late august / early september.
will the fuel provide the extra power at 1a? just curious as i noticed my phone (lumia 800) actually gets decharged by a friends in car charger, i assume this is because its not providing enough ampage, so was worried the fuel may have the same effect...?
err.. will it be delivered based on the expected "july 2013"? any delay?
unless i'm missing something we were not given the option to purchase the iphone connection, just get on the list.
hi all-  more updates coming soon. we will do our best to keep you updated more regularly, at least every 2weeks, hopefully more often though. iphone version is still scheduled for october as we have always planned. we are learning a lot from the micro-usb version to go into the iphone version. micro-usb version we will continue to update about.
july is right around the corner (monday in fact). still looking like we will receive these within 35 days?
just a quick question! any eta for the iphone version? i know you haven't finished the micro usb version yet but i was just wondering! keep up the good work guys!
@daniel - it's been three weeks since the last update, when the pictures of the green were added. i'd like to see more updates as well, but it's been less than a month since the last one.
does anyone know the status of "fuel"?  actually haven't hear anything significant in over a month.
update? it's been about a month since the last one...
when will we be able to see a picture of the red?
i funded the 2 dollars for the lightning connector. if i want to change to micro usb and pay the difference is that still possible?
dear all- updated pictures of the t1 samples off of the mould are coming in an update later today. as for surveys and shipping- we still expect to ship in july, as we have said all along in all the pledge options, updates and to anyone and everyone who has mailed us. thanks to all those who have explained this to others. surveys- as other commenters have kindly pointed out- we will be sending out surveys around 1-2weeks before we ship final product. this is because people move addresses, go on holiday etc and we want the most current and up to date addresses for sending goods to.
tim - sorry you are the only rhino here i am very patient as long as i get it i am ok unlike you, this is not a store.  if they don't ship it until next year i am fine as long as they keep us updated.  there is a project i have been waiting almost a year with almost no updates what so ever.  i wonder if july comes and goes let's see tim the vu man will go ballistic give 6 to 1 odds.
kickstarter recommends project creators to wait until a week or two before they are ready to ship, to send out surveys. this is because people move. projects that have different options available, and choices needed for production orders, usually have to send out the surveys right away.  some projects, like fuel, have not been produced  yet, so i always expect some delays. you know, murphy's law.....i hope that when the surveys do come out, since there were no stretch goal rewards, we may choose between green or rust color. these would make great xmas gifts, i wish we could add on to our pledges after the closing, maybe through the survey. is that something kickstarter would allow?
@jerry and kevin - obviously you two don't realize even if the shipping date is in july - they haven't sent out any surveys and it is late may. you expect them to have the goods ready by then? i hope these chargers come in august and then you two monkeys can complain too.
cant wait to get this! could have used it the other day when my phone was on 19% battery at midday due to my camera going off in my pocket without me realizing. should be due an update around now so hopefully we will get a more accurate idea of when the product will be finished and shipped. :)
@tim i also see an estimated ship date of july. so go complain somewhere else.  are you expecting christmas to be in november this year too?
tim - you need to read,  the delivery date that was stated on every pledge was july or later.  if you wanted it by june why pledge and then complain shipping is lacklustre.
shipping leaves much to be desired. i was expecting this before my trip to vegas in june. seems like this won't be done until the end of july. still no survey. pledged for lack luster delivery. lovely.
super excited for fuel! i can't even count how many times my battery has died when i was doing something important in the last few weeks!
updates: hi guys, we are going to be sending a new update to you soon, but we are now aiming to do updates every 1-2weeks, or dependent on when we have new shiny stuff to show you. the answers to nearly every question we have received is already in the faq or campaign, but we will periodically add to the comments/updates if something comes up, such as: surveys:      we will probably send out surveys a week or two before shipment, so hold on, they will come closer to shipping, so people don't move house/change address etc.
thanks @jerry
when do we get the survey for shipping info and such? really want my fuel!
ashley, usually most projects won't send out the survey until they have too.  for this one and many others, usually you will not see surveys until at least 14 days after its done.  that is due to the fact that when they finally get the funds and the final tally of backers when they receive payment from amazon.
seriously, has anyone had the survey yet, i've bought other things in this time had the survey too....
@kevin you're right. micro-usb is the set standard industry wide set by the eu not fcc. apple actually pays a fine in europe for using its port.
any news on when the survey is coming? everyone seems to be left in the dark about all this
i thought i read somewhere that the fcc or somebody passed a law that all new phones need to use the same charging port, which would be micro usb. i guess apple thinks they are special
@jonathan galaxy s4 is using a micro-usb port.
any chance there will be a future furl that will work with the samsung s4? i heard it is going to be a different micro port
hypothetical...what if - by chance - someone pledged to receive a fuel charger only to turn around a few days later and move from a droid (micro usb) to an iphone (lightning cable). i know the $2 pledge is for the iphone 5 version waiting list, but what about someone that may need to change from a usb version to iphone? sorry for the "hypothetical confusion." haha
just wanted to send out my best wishes to you guys and your family and friends, hope for a quick recovery from the terrible events. i hope you take care of yourselves and don't worry about the deadlines if you have more important matters at hand. i can only speak for myself, but i am sure every backer would be understanding of any shipping delays.
@craig the fuel charger is the reward......
re new reward, the email talks about "this reward"  but there's no link or any info how to find it. please advise. thanks!
fantastic! well done guys! 400% of what you hoped for! that's brilliant! esp as the charger is really affordable! on to the hard part now! making the thing! good luck!
congrats guys
thank you john, we couldn't have put it better.
don't worry about the stretch goals.less things to worry bout means more time spent getting your product out on time and on budget.
hi guys,      we would love to add stretch goals, and it would have been great to have had some higher tiers for pledges, but we find t-shirts and launch parties a bit contrived. if there is strong backing for any stretch goal within the rules below, we would be happy to included. max- we suggest people charge up their fuel once a month, although it has been specially designed with a pcb cut-off switch to minimise vampire power draw. stefan- the $2 iphone pledge is to be on the reserve list to have access to the first batch of iphone 5 lightning fuels, at the cheapest possible price we will offer. the other offers allow you to both pledge for a micro-usb version of fuel and be on the reserve list for the iphone version. tim-  we are working on making the cap as sturdy as possible. it is made out of silicon instead of rubber, which should increase the strength. malin/karbonation- we certainly are interested in doing different sizes. the issue is that there are a million different larger back up battery solutions in the market, some for very cheap prices. so we we wanted to initially focus on the micro-charger which has not been done before and we can use our engineering expertise to do a really good job. we will look to come out with bigger versions, if fuel goes well. kosongz- yes, we will be including a custom keychain holder as standard with fuel
not every kickstarter project lends itself to stretch goals (or at least anything that great.), this is just one of those projects. don't be down about it though, you're still getting a neat product at a discount. i do have a suggestion for a potential goal though: you know how jeeps have those metal sleeves that the jerry can sits in? maybe a simple plastic holder like that with some 3m tape on the back that you can stick to the inside of your glove box, side of your desk, etc. so you don't have it tumbling around everywhere. just a thought. i do have a question regarding charge bleeding and forgive me if it's been answered: since this is designed to be an emergency unit i'm thinking of leaving it in my car. how often would you suggest i take it out to charge it up a bit in order to ensure it's at the ready? once a week? month?
haven't quite understood the iphone backer tier, is it just a reservation to be on the first batch or is it a prepaid deal, so when iphone-fuel is released you just get one in the mail?
thanks to whoever backed out of the "first backers" tier :-)
didn't see anyone ask this, but that cap that covers the male micro-usb, how sturdy is that? will it break off easily or is it being made so that it doesn't just snap off too easily?
i agree with karbonation. it's so tiny, an extra battery would be fine. or why not three sizes, you could call them something like fuel city (one battery), fuel highway (two batteries) and fuel desert (four batteries). fuel desert should be able to keep a phone running like half a day.
you guys should make a little bigger version with 2 of those batteries in it. cant wait for my fuel!
how about a key chain or mobile dangle? it's simple, doesn't change the fuel and won't hurt your schedule. and we get to hang the fuel to our bag or keys.
we want to clarify some of your thoughts about stretch goals. we are happy to add any stretch goals that are feasible and have asked you, the backers for ideas. there has been some great discussion and all kinds of interesting ideas put our way. unfortunately what sounds good to an individual or a small group of backers may well not be feasible or wanted by the majority of people. we listened when you asked for a green colour, and that has been a great success which we are thankful to the community for telling us, and having lots of people agree and promote that idea made us confident to add it as a pledge and that it would be wanted. we would be more than happy to add additional stretch goals that fulfil the following criteria: are only engineering costs (fixed costs), not variable costs which will raise the final retail price away from the fun gift category and into something more niche market. they must be easy to implement so that we can continue on our aggressive schedule to get product out and not have to start at the design board again (and make you wait longer). they must be wanted by a large segment of our backers. as much as one person may passionately want a certain addition, we need a sizeable amount of our community to ask for an addition (like the green colour fuel) before we go ahead and make changes. to explain why some of the other ideas are not possible: - solar: not only would this destroy the look of fuel, but it would be impossible to implement on the existing pcb as there is no room left on the current pcb, so we would have to add a second pcb, this would increase costs, the amount of extra energy generated by the solar panel would be tiny, and we would have to use a smaller battery, hurting the main functionality of the device. - adding a usb plug: over 99% of buyers will already have a usb ac plug at home, probably several. we are including a cable for usb - micro-usb to easily charge from a laptop or any other usb port. we have had a single request for this as an addition, and it would significantly raise the cost per unit and shipping costs. these are easily available to buy on ebay or amazon if people would like more of them. there have been some other great ideas that we are discussing internally. we thank you all for your time writing to us and your thoughts, and we are happy to implement any that we think we can do safely without harming the id or specifications of the product.
was really hoping for the solar. more for a on the go charging the fuels battery purpose and for emergency use (added functionality)... but if its going to ruin the aesthetics then better not i guess. design vs functionality to each their own, hope to be seeing some stretch goals though!
finally became a backer, but really, really disappointed that there are no stretch goals. there were many ideas, and some of them were feasible (mine was written directly to the devotec industries, about the possibility to have a usb-to-plug along with fuel, possibly with american plugs for americans and european for europeans...after all, they do have the addresses). we're at 378,105% currently, and no stretch goal. really disapponted (but still buying because it's an awesome product).
disapointed as there are no stretch goals.
you're leaving stretch goals to the last few days are you?
great project! stretch goal: please think about the repairability of the device: a lipo battery lives about 3 years when fully charged - which is the worst way to store a lipo, but it's needed in the fuel. after 3 years, it can only hold about 50-70% of the original charge and needs to be replaced. therefore it would be great if the fuel could be glued together in a way that it could be cracked open by the consumer, repaired, and glued together again with some ca. unfortunately many projects completely ignore this - for example, the pebble smart watch (a kickstarter project too) is completely destroyed when opened. it's not such a big deal for a $20 device, but maybe you can do it without too much modification.
i didn't see an option for a green only. will i be given an opportunity to choose a color at shipping time, or is green only available to backers who back at the higher tier?
how much would it be to add a second fuel charger to my pledge?
hi, what about a dynamo to self-recharge the fuel ?
llama - thank you for the pictures and the ideas. it is something we can discuss internally. adrian- thank you for your many comments. the fuel should be protected against a charger than can output higher current. the switch is very unlikely to be turned on and off in your pocket where it is, and the blue led will light up to indicate that this happened.
sorry for the flood of comments, but would it be possible to move the switch to somewhere less likely to be accidentally accessed in a pocket for example?
also, i noticed the charger port is microusb. does the fuel contain circuitry to make sure a more powerful phone charger (say one with 1.5a or 2a current) doesn't damage it?
about the caps, would it be possible to have a screw-on cap both on the top and on the bottom? at the top the cap would just be hollow and have a little base below the microusb which the cap screws on to. as for the charging port, it would be cool if the cap could be a recessed screw-in cap. i think this would be the most long-lasting solution. something like the back of these: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-gipsgogqrj4/uvbkdii3ici/aaaaaaaahzk/a-ilxzlbzx4/s1600/apple-remote.jpg
these are adorable. and perfect for me, because i forget to charge my phone  all the time and i worry about what i'd do in an emergency. i think a non-removable cap for the bottom usb would be a great stretch goal... being recessed it shouldn't get damaged much, but a little hole like that living in a pocket is a magnet for dust and lint. i drew up a picture of a cap that might work - i've seen caps like this on other devices. http://tinypic.com/r/olid4/6
i want to ask what is the difference between the normal version and the micro-usb version?
any updates on the stretch goal?
current output is 600ma. this is fully explained in the faq if you want to read up on it. yes, we are going to include a clip for the fuel to be attached easily to keychains and etc.
personally i would like to see the stretch goal of including a little clip. this would allow it to be easily removed from a keychain or clipped onto a belt loop (or any number of things like a backpack loop/zipper for students).
what is the output amp? 1a or 2a?
thanks for the continuing support guys, but if fuel keeps your phones going, that might not help breaking your kickstarter addictions... especially with their new mobile app! re: other comments: we will look into a cap for the micro-usb female on the bottom side. although it will probably get lost in about 5 minutes with most people (us included). it's retracted inside the case a little so shouldn't be a problem; pretty hard to break. - green: we will probably go with the colour army green, pantone 5535 c. we are not allowed to put up renderings on kickstarter, but you guys can google that colour and get an idea of what we are going for- as close to the original army jerry can as possible. - other colours: we may well do some more colours after launch. we could even gear up with some of the custom painting houses and do individual colours, although the cost of painting like that would probably be more than fuel. - cap: to start to integrate any electronics into the cap is going to be all kinds of problems and take up space/add further cost. a few people have asked about a low-power led. again, this would take up space, and would add more electronics to the pcb than we have, so we would need a second pcb and the accompanying more space for it, which will take away from battery space. fuel is going to be a one-shot per use kind of device- it will be unlike other power reserve products where you may only use half the power and still keep the product until next time without charging- with fuel, the power outputs in around 20-25mins, so most people will fully discharge fuel and then charge it up fully again (under an hour), so less important to know capacity inside- follow the suggestion of charging it once a month, and recharging after use, and it should be fine.
fuel is a very awesome idea, would love to see it on every phone!
dad rat it. i'm with julian there. i was really trying to let some time go by before doing another kickstarter project but here i am. sigh.
despite trying to kick my kickstarter habit, i had to back this. not for my mobile phone, as it rarely runs out of charge, but for my kindle, which is much more likely to run out of charge at an inopportune moment.
as russel and many others have said, a cover of some sorts for the charging port would be a great idea. fuel does seem sturdy, but i feel if damage does occur it will be because the charge port is unprotected. just a minor complaint, otherwise i love it and can't wait!
hi guys, love the idea and cant wait to get my hands on one. a few thoughts i had were, how about the option to have the fuel unit housed in a nondescript case? ie. not shaped like fuel can. another thought was to have some kind of readout to show remaining charge. i was also thinking about the plug at the top and wondered if the plastic connector for the lid could break in time. perhaps this could be replaced with a hinge?
hi guys, great job. well done explaining to the iphone users why you're building this for the 99% of other mobile manufacturers who all use micro usb, first! and getting to that whacky lightning connector later! any increase in the battery is appreciated, although we're all aware this is a top up device, not a full recharge thing! a cover for the lower usb port would be good. and having the option of picking the colour after the kickstarter thing has finished would be good. as some of us would probably want to see a mock up of the green before we made the decision to move from red! (although i also love the idea of a black with bright yellow highlights!)
construction:  fuel is made out of pure aluminium. it may not seem too strong in the pictures, but we made the point of going for metal over plastic as it is a lot stronger. fuel certainly won't break by accident just because you sat on it. you would need to really go at fuel with a hammer and pliers to break it, so we aren't too concerned about actually breaking units. other materials: we are happy to investigate other materials, but they need to be strong, light weight, and make economic sense. the most suited material is plastic, but we don't want to use plastic as it will give a cheaper feel to fuel, which is currently placed as a more premium product.
for stretch goals you could add other colours or different materials or pattern etching into the metal options but with a project like this stretch goals may be difficult to come up with unless you start doing things like t-shirts. but i do agree with collin k using a sturdier material would be a good one (maybe include a carabiner for easy addition or removal from keychains)
@nick, i think the concept is not use the fuel for charging, but rather for giving you enough time to give a few extra phone calls when your phone battery is dead. meaning you will have the phone against the ear and "in the air" when you will use the phone + fuel.
would i be able to plug in a microusb to lightning adapter to charge my iphone with this unit?
the one and only design flaw that i really see in this (not enough of one to make me not back it) is that the fuel needs to be at an angle for any device to charge because of where the port is located. this means i'd either have to hold both my phone and fuel so to charge them, or i would need to have it dangling off of a table, but that would probably damage one of the ports. maybe a stretch goal could be to change this? possibly in changing the angle of the plug, or even possibly in moving the plug in so that the plug is the black piece so it can move around a little?
some suggestions for stretch goals  - use even sturdier/rugged materials (most things on my keychain take quite the beating)  - fuel t-shirts (not only works as advertising for fuel but also bulk orders=cheaper)
solar power- we have not incorporated a solar panel as it will ruin the aesthetics of fuel, and need a larger housing for the extra electronics, while only offering a small amount of possible extra battery life. stretch goals- keep giving us your ideas, we will happily evaluate them all! extra adapters: the very vast majority of people use either micro-usb or an apple connector for their phone. we are addressing those needs as best we can and more about that is in our faq and in other comments. for other connectors, we respectively think that the market is just too small to spend time developing extra adapters and manufacturing them etc. there are a lot of little adapters you can buy on sites like amazon and ebay, which could be quite easily modified to fit onto fuel. iphone: we will try and show off the iphone version when we can, but we have given the expected date of delivery as october. the reason for this is that it takes quite a long time to go through apple testing and confirmation, so we have allowed plenty of time for that, although hopefully we can get it done quicker.
was thinking the exact same think 2matt wride when i first saw this project. i bought a similar product last year from ebay and was wondering if the solar panel could be incorporated? just  search for emergency solar power external battery charger on ebay this link below is specifically for the iphone i believe but i have seen ones with other plugs too. http://www.ebay.com/itm/emergency-solar-power-external-battery-charger-for-iphone-4-4s-3gs-3g-ipod-touch-/300695659020
any stretch goals since you're not 200% funded?
is it feasible to add a small solar panel to one side to give it some slight charge while in the sun, for the outdoor people?
- hello - i design original t-shirts (just see the teespring links in my "full bio & links" page) and i've a good idea for a fuel charger t-shirt - can i use the image of your product in my t-shirt? - if i can, please send me an hi-res image of the fuel charger taken from its side, thanks -
i would really love an optional micro-to-mini adapter included with this. possibly something tethered to the cap so it's hard to lose? it would increase the utility of the device and be relatively cheap. you could also have a similar adapter for the different ithing versions. might be a good stretch goal idea seeing as 40k should have been a stretch goal or two passed, probably. by the way, i plugged you guys at the site i work on: http://adeptgamer.com/forum/blog-entries/fuel-the-worlds-smallest-cell-phone-charger-by-devotec-industries.27/
any way you can begin making them since you are already over 200% pledged? i know you need the money to truly start, but anything basic or low cost should be done sooner rather than later.
do you know when you can present/show us the iphone-version? i'm very excited about it!! greetings from germany.di
woah! 200% funded!
hi,  can i ask what the input and output speeds are for charging? 1a full speed? thanks
stretch goal? keychains.
just saw an article on pocket lint for your charger. good exposure.
iphone 4/4s: we are not going to do an apple 30pin version of fuel. you can read more about this and why in our faq.
iphone 4/4s. is it ever going to happen???
tommy: the power switch is very small and designed in such a way that it is very unlikely to turn on by accident in your pocket. it's a little hard to describe, but when you get your unit, you will see what we mean. also, the blue led will light up when the unit is on- so it will give you a visual indication that the unit is turned on. (for those who don't know- the power taken to drive a single led like this is absolutely tiny, so would have very minimal impact on total battery life.)       i don't see why you couldn't use a micro-usb to xxx (usb female etc) to drive other products from fuel. we haven't tested it, but we might have some fun seeing what else we can get working. we will let you know! iphone price: we don't as yet know the iphone fuel version price. there are a few factors involved- the cost of lightning connectors over micro-usb, the cost of licensing from apple (we are a made for iphone certified company), the extra electronics needed to comply with apple's output demands etc. we will make sure that everyone who backs us on kickstarter will get the guaranteed lowest price we are going to offer though!
hope you get going with the iphone5 model lots of money to be made there!!
you have a pledge for reserving an iphone charger at the lowest price, what will that price be when you roll it out?
i really like the design of this product and just put in my pledge for a pair (red+green). :) i've got a few questions though.. if the powerswitch snags on other key-ring items and goes on by accident in your pocket, will the standby power drain the battery or is there an "auto-off if no load is detected" functionality hidden in that little pcb? somewhat related to the low current drainage question: would it be possible to use this to drive something else, like some led lights or perhaps an attiny85 with some low current draw peripherals without the battery-charging logic cutting the power because the current draw is too low in a battery charging perspective? i would still respect the capabilities of the product if the answer is no but it would be a neat extra way to use it.
green colour: we are thinking of using army green, pantone 5535 c. green will initially be a special colour, so only those pledging for the packs will be able to have the green version. stretch goals: any ideas? the main thing people ask is for more battery- we have already tried to maximise the battery as much as possible, and if we can add any extra battery to the 220mah size, we certainly will!       we are open to ideas on stretch goals- solid gold version for the extra *bling* in your life? (we actually work with people who design/manufacture gold/platinum cell phones, so if there was interest in this...
can we not just choose the colour we want? instead of upgrading to the pair of red and green
any stretch goals?
can we see a sample of the green you have decided?
+1 for longer micro usb connectors to allow for cases
just bought one of these. such an awesome and innovative idea.  can't wait until it arrives in a few months!
after seeing how the fuel connects to a phone in your video, i just hope that the micro-usb connector is a bit longer than normal, as a lot of people are using casing for their phones...
- - - very original idea - - -
first of all, great project! i love the idea of having a backup for my cellphone battery with me all the time. just one thought on the design: wouldn't it be bette/more ergonomic to rotate the usb plug by 90 degrees? because based on the photos, turning it would not cause any loss of space for the battery. or would that interfere with the design of the jerry can?
we did it guys! awesome! funding reached. you asked us for a new colour- and now the offer is up. get a pair of fuels- one red, one green.  backers who want to upgrade to this, message us, and we will give you a special price so you don't lose your early backer discount.
yeah! funded. now for stretch goals...
woohoo! funded! can't wait for that piece of pocket power... now for the stretch goals...
another +1 for military green. would just make this over the top awesome.
lak- the $2 pledge is to be on the iphone reserve list- it means you will be first to be able to order the iphone version, at the cheapest price we will offer. we do not as yet sell the iphone version. the $22 means you will be sent a micro-usb version, and be on the iphone reserve list.
excuse me, my english is not very well, there is a question for your pledge options. is you mean if i selected pledge $22, i will get 1 micro-usb version and 1 iphone 5 version?
i'm an iphone user. i plan to use the tiny micro usb-to-lighnting converter that apple sell.
+1 yes military green is a great idea.
this is a great idea, hints earning 13,087 in only 4 days. +1 on it being for the most universal phone port currently available. for the secondary color: i think a dark faded military green would be a nice touch, or something along those lines.
type of green: a bold & vibrant green that stands out.  none of that wishy-washy pale green.
love this is not geared towards the iphone. also it's perfect, it's not claiming to give you 8 full charges to your phone or anything crazy. just a little top off to last you till you can get to some juice. great little emergency plan that is small enough to carry all the time. the design is pretty cool as well
finally a somehow smartphone related kickstarter project that does *not* work on iphone but does work on my windows phone phone. kudos to you! ;-)
green unit- thanks for the +1s guys, keep them coming, and we will try and put together a stretch goal around this. any votes of what pantone colour you want the green to be?
thanks for all the comments and support! additional units: as many of you know, kickstarter bans any technology product from offering more than 1unit. although we agree with them that kickstarter is not about wholesale selling units, lots of people want a second or third one for obviously personal or family use. we are doing what we can to help you guys with this, and have brought this up with kickstarter a few times and are pushing them on it, but we have to obey their rules. if you want more than 1 unit- contact us via the mail system to let us know, and pledge multiples  of the reward tier you are buying at. we will do our best to help you out with this work around, unless we get the green light from kickstarter to offer more than 1.
i love this idea... please let me know if you are looking for investors.
little confused. what do i need to pledge if i needed, say 4?
i have the same concerns with regards to the additional pieces.  also second that a stretch goal might be a more powerful battery.  happy to see that someone is finally making an "emergency" battery, just enough for me to get to my charger, or the latest place with one!
so if i pledge $30 can i get 2 fuels at the $15 price? just making sure since there are a limited number of them for $15, so if people do that then you'll end up sending more out at that price than the 500 limit. and if i do that will i need to notify you guys once you start sending them out that i should be getting 2?
i was wondering how do i get my name on the iphone list?
if its for the iphone, would it be iphone 4/4s or iphone 5?
great idea - i have pledged for 2 :)  +1 for ks green
slightly apprehensive about the aluminum construction. i reckon a charger this small will end up plugged into my phone and both then go into my pocket. aluminum=scratches. rubber on the other hand... hmmm...
+1 for the green jerry can : )
keychain: yes! fuel will come with a keychain loop as standard. fuel is definitely meant to hang off of your key chain.
is it possible to put one of these on a keychain? that would make it easy to always carry with you!
hi guys,       so wow! what a great start! thank you all! thats enough with the exclamation marks, but we are really thankful and appreciate you all. on to your questions: - iphone + micro-usb fuel: a few people wanted to pledge for both (great!). we have now added a special category just for you. pledge away! - colours: green would be pretty cool and is arguably the 'other' jerry can colour. adding extra colours starts to add extra complexity in buying, managing, qc, different packaging, barcodes, stock etc. we do want to do it in the future though- the chrome *bling* version of fuel looks particularly cool. maybe as a stretch goal we will add another colour- thanks for the idea kosongz toh!
i will pledge for another one if you offer them in different colors. exclusive kickstarter only green would be cool.
no offense, but how to pledge for 2 options whereby kickstarter only allows 1 option pledging? so you are saying that if i want to be on the list and want to get a micro usb charger, i have to pledge for $15 option and add $2 to the existing pledge right? correct me if i'm wrong.
yes. different colours. while i do love that it looks like a red jerry can, a ks green colour would be awesome. i think i'd then want 1 of each :)
you could always offer different colors
postage: it does cost us more to send 2x units rather than one, but then its pretty cool when people buy more than 1unit at a time, so we will cover the extra costs of postage- so yes, $3 for postage is all that you will pay.
hi all, - there is a little confusion over the iphone pledge: so the iphone pledge means you will be guaranteed in the first run of iphone compatible devices we make, and you will also be guaranteed the lowest price we will offer. if you would like to get a micro-usb version and also be on the list for the iphone version then you have to pledge to both the $15 (currently) and $2 pledges. - design: we haven't had any problems in testing plugging in the fuel micro charger into a variety of devices (the s3 in the video, blackberries, sonys etc). the micro usb sits in nice and firm.       we have been given a few comments about various design ideas- the problem is that many of these ideas, while maybe more functional that the current design, would mean we would either lose the shape of the jerry can we are basing fuel on, or we would further dig into battery space.       however, we are always happy to listen to suggestions and possible improvements.
may i ask what if i wish to reserve for an iphone version and get one micro usb version, should i select the current micro usb pledge and plus $2 to the existing pledge? i also agree that would it be possible to include a retractable cable for better case compatibility. hope the team will take that into consideration in trying to enhance the current design.
hi guys, great project. i also ordered two (2) just so theres no misunderstandings: my pledge consists of 2 x $15 = $30 + $3 for shipping = $33 is this correct?
congratulations on your project. i've just made a pledge for 2 units
yes, maybe if it had a short retractable cable it would be better.
looks like you'd have to take your phone out of it's case to connect the fuel can properly.
it could come quite in handy, so good idea :). i am worried the microusb connector might not plug into a device depending on its size and form, but  i suppose it will fit most phones. will the led indicator be able to be used as a battery charge indicator? for example: will it blink when turning  fuel on so we know if it has lost its charge? thank you!
thanks for your comments guys: - we are certainly thinking about a stretch goal with an increased battery- the problem is that we are pretty much at the limit of battery capacity/density, so putting more money into it may not give us much more, if any capacity. but we are trying to eek out every last mah we can! - we think fuel can last for about a month without being used and still give a decent charge. our calculations actually give us quite a bit more than that- it's why we integrated the switch into the later design, it turns off the main ic, so the ic can't draw any current and drain battery while the fuel is not in use.
maybe a stretch goal would be a more powerful battery?
nice one. how long can fuel stay charged with out being used?
