i still didnt received anything!!!!!
great product and also great service when you have questions or so. keep up the good work.
hi calvin! circadian is designed to automatically shift colors throughout the day beginning with cool white lights in the morning to a warmer more relaxed glow in the evening. to accomplish this, it overrides the defaults so that even if you turn off the power at the switch and then on again, the bulb will automatically align itself with the correct circadian color for that particular time of day instead of the defined defaults. since it gradually shifts, any impromptu or scheduled scene change that is made will be overridden when circadian realigns the bulb.  the random on behavior can be corrected by deactivating the event by swiping the event to the left from the experiences menu. we hope that helps!  we are in the process of updating circadian so that you have more control about when it is active and what it does when it encounters another scene change.  please feel free to reach out to us at support@ilumi.co if you have any other questions.  you can also go to support->contact us->e-mail using the sidebar navigation menu within the app to send us an e-mail.
@ilumi i have 1 light that seems to randomly turn itself on when i’ve turned it off via the app when i walk away from it... how do you stop that from happening? it seems to stay off only if i have the iphone close by, not when it's out of range. this one particular bulb has the circadian experience turned on.
hey np, we are still beta testing the sdk with our pool of developers, however we can add you to our notification list once we are ready to release it.  send us an email to support@ilumi.co and we can discuss this further. thanks!
what happened to the sdk please?  thanks
hey minsc&boo!  you can definitely schedule on/off scenes for your ilumi!  below is a link a help desk article that should clarify how to set it up.  the key concept is that you'll need to create a scene and schedule an experience for each on and off scenario.  we're actively testing different ways to encapsulate those two events in one experience that is intuitive to the user while also maintaining the immense flexibility of the system.  for now though, those events must be handled separately. https://ilumi.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203501710-scene-scheduler hope that helps!  you can also reach us at support@ilumi.co if you'd like to us to walk through more tailored solution to suit your needs.
still waiting on scheduling ilumi on/off . i mean its such a simple thing to do. why can't it be done! looks like i have to buy a lamp, buy a digital wall timer and plug ilumi into the lamp, is that what i have to do? in that case why should i use llumi?
i never got mine!! :(
also i think the range on the torch might be a bit too high, i already have mine set on the lowest and still it's pretty high.
the new simon experience is actually very cool for kids and such. the torch experience, which has been my most anticipated one, could use a bit of work. the bulbs take quiet a while to turn off once out of range and also they take a few seconds too long to turn back on as well.
you guys make me want to buy a philips hue! there are multiple promised features that i have yet to see. music sync works poorly. no proximity on. bluetooth stability is rocky. the alarm rise and shine scenes don’t really work for me well either. no sdk in sight. i really wanted this product to be great but the lack of support and updates has been beyond disappointing.
ilumi bluetooth enabled smart led light bulbs is on massdrop                                                                                                         https://www.massdrop.com/buy/ilumi-smart-led-light-bulbs
@ilumi solutions any ideas when the app will be suitable for the iphone 6 plus? can't see the status bar on it, thanks.
hi florian! can you email your concerns to support@ilumi.co? we'd be happy to help you out there :)
@team of ilumi: are you alive??? i'm disappointed with your support for such a expensive product!!...
there are still features which you promised but now we are waiting for. e.g. the notification for messages or calls. when do we get this stuff?
@ilumi solutions any ideas when the app will be suitable for the iphone 6 plus? can't see the status bar on it, thanks.
i still received my pledge
eagerly waiting for the developer sdk! when will it be released? love the bulbs i have received but would be so cool to be able to control them from my arduino presence detection setup.
any thoughts on when the developer sdk might become available? do you think you'll be creating your own developer kit for ios, or will everything be controllable through homekit? either way, my users keep asking me when lightbow will support ilumi, and i'd love to have something to tell them. keep up the good work.
problem resolved with 1.7 ios update. thank you.
problem resolved with 1.7 ios update. thank you.
hey everyone! thanks so much for hanging in there while we worked through this connectivity issue for the ios app. we released an expedited version of the ios app yesterday afternoon. the version you'll need to update to is 1.7, and it's now available in the ios app store. this includes a fix for the scene scheduler issue that caused the app to crash. additionally, several users who were having the connectivity problems reported that after updating to 1.7, they no longer had these connection issues. we want for you all to be able to get connected right away - can you let us know if you're still not able to get connected after you update the app? we're responding to support emails, as well, so if you've sent an email to support@ilumi.co then we'll get you taken care of through that channel. thanks again for your patience :). please let us know if there is anything we can help with! team ilumi
any news about long waiting update with promiced functionality?
i'm seconding mike with this one, the ios update screwed up the connection with the bulb. it won't maintain connection. the moment you reset bulb and reconnect it, it works fine for a minute, then it'll stop working again. firmware update won't work, since it won't maintain connection. running ios 8.1 on an iphone 5.
since the last ios ilumi app update, the lights no longer work. they will not connect again after pairing them in the app. they have been reduced in functionality to a standard light bulb. running ios 8.1 on an iphone 5s.
@ilumi any ideas when the app will be suitable for the iphone 6 plus? can't see the status bar on it, thanks.
hey calvin! thanks so much for your observations. our ilumi has a real-time clock, but i'll notify our developers to double check the end of the month settings to ensure that your schedule isn't getting off schedule. thanks again for the heads up!
i don't think the app takes into account of daylight savings. solution i found was to re-open the  experiences part of the app with say, the rise & shine part & that seems to fix it. also i believe that when there are a different number of days in a month like from 31 to 30, it messes up the day settings as i set the rise & shine for mon-fri yet after the end of the month, it started turning on saturday as opposed to friday & didn't turn on on monday. just some of my observations, cheers.
hi! is there any good news about update promised some month ago? you have presented the automatic on/off some years ago....now, others can do it and do it, they have integrated their bulbs with smart home systems, like smartthings...., but not you. its really not comfortable using ilumi now - no setting to turn ilumi in a concrete time, turn off if no motion in the room, turn on when you have entered the room or just close to your apartment.... ilumi now not looks smart at all when comparing with others ;(
when are we having the rest of android app features?
hey florian! are your ilumi installed in a fixture that uses a dimmer switch or a three way light? most users have reported to us when they hear the buzzing, they have dimming switches. after changing to a regular light switch, the buzzing noise goes away. i hope this helps! calvin, email us at support, and we can help you get connected again. our email is support@ilumi.co. thanks!
@ejsteven and @kyle: i also can hear a buzzing noise when the light is dimmed. it's very loud and so i can use the lights only with full power otherwise it's unbearable...
@ilumi solutions ah ok, thx for that, i had a hard time looking around in the app! oh another note, i'm not sure if it's just my app/ilumi but if i minimise the app or suspend it by going into another app too long & then re-opening the ilumi app, it can't seem to find any ilumi lights.
hey calvin! the proximity feature isn't available yet, but we are working on this and our other advertised features and hopefully will be able to release them soon. thanks for reaching out!
has anyone got the proximity feature to work? if so, how do you make it work? thx.
when will i receive my bulbs? i am from hong kong.
hey pascal, i just sent a support email to the address we have on file so we can better troubleshoot this issue for you. viral videos - i also sent an email to you, as well, so we can get this taken care of for you :) ejsteven and kyle miracle - i've also sent an email about the buzzing that you've noticed. this has been observed when the ilumi are on dimmer switches. have you tried these bulbs in other fixtures, or noticed any of the other bulbs with this type of behavior? follow up with me at support@ilumi.co and i can get this troubleshooted for you. for those of you who have received your shipping notifications and are still waiting for royal mail airmail to deliver, we've noticed that their shipping estimates are off by about a week. unfortunately, they do not have tracking numbers available and it's proven difficult to get an update on when these will be delivered. if you're still waiting for delivery longer than a week after the posted delivery dates, let us know at support@ilumi.co. we can track the issue from there and work with you to locate your packages.
also will there be any sales on this ilumi i would love bulbs all over the house it would be amazing thx for a great product also first kickstarter i did and happy
same thing happened to me , i have android , most poeple here have iphones so i guess they didnt even notice but for me it never showed up because u gotta have a super new android 4.4 .2 kit kat whatever with low power bluetooth , so bascially if ur android phone isnt from 2014 , it wont work ,my 2012 nexus 7 wouldnt even find it on the store.... i jus used my wifes iphone, buy a used one if u have to lol there cheap compared to 6 bulbs ------------------------------ btw...1 month so far, love the bulb still , the color is so deep and bright, and app looks great to me on wifes iphone...
hi there i finally received my bulbs. the problem is i cannot find any app on google play. i just have android 4.1 devices (galaxy sii and tablet xperia s).  no app for android?  i have 6 bulbs i cannot use!!!
@kyle my bulbs do the same thing... anyone else notice the buzzing?
i received my bulb a few days ago in norway. the software is, as you all know, crap on both android and ios, but maybe we will get some more functionality in a year or two ;) fingers crossed.
so is anyone else hearing a very low buzzing noise with there bulbs? i have 4 of them and it's really low but when everything's turns off you can hear a very slight buzzing
any aussies got a bayonet converter to get the ilumi to work? if so, can you pls let me know where to get one (x3) as i don't have the screw on connection so it's kinda useless to me :-(
just got my light today, great light works great. can't wait for more functionality and ios home kit integration
just received mine in nl. shipmentnotificantie was from 18th out of uk. they work perfect with my htc one.
just received my ilumi today in australia. they are so much fun and high quality the wait was worth it.  can't wait for more functions : )
i received it this morning (france)
@aldo, oben02 : same fom too...
@aldo same for me!
i received on the 18th an shipment notification from uk to nl. today 30st it has not arrived yet. it goes through royal air mail without tracking code. shipment notification states expected arrival 21st - 25th. ilumi support suggests to give it an other week before contacting royal air mail. anyone else with similar experience?
@haseeb, i can't wait for the proximity functionality to come either! was kinda surprised it wasn't there at lacuna actually but it is coming in the future so least that'll be good.
i am in us and have not received my pledged package.
have any aussies received there's yet? i haven't heard anything about mine for months now.
have now used my illumi (in the uk) and very happy. functions brilliantly and fun to use. however disappointed to find that link to data and the proximity functionality is not yet enabled. hope that happens soon.
still didnt receive my par30 in the netherlands???
just received mine in the uk! not used yet but very excited.
guys can you plead load the .api files of older versions please. i updated to the latest just now and now i can't even find or connect to it anymore. i tried on my other 2 ipads and s3 and all do the same. please correct this problem or have the older revisions up somewhere. thanks
another glitch i've found in the app is almost everytime i close it and open it back up later or whenever the white balance or hue level gets reset.
just received my shipping notification from the uk shipping to australia woohoo the bulbs are on their way yay!!!! : )
sorry backer 537
any news on my bulb backer 357?
in uk any news on when the lights are shipping?
hi,  fyi i just received the shipment notification from the uk to the netherlands by royal mail airmail! yeah!
hi, any news for international bakers? checking the comments, i see smartbulbs were on their way to london on august 3rd. how can i tell whether my order has been sent and / or what is its status? thanks!
think it'll be awhile before average joes buy these but the bulb market is definitely changing, i've seen two bulb kickstarters in the past few weeks. one has voice controlled bulbs and the other one are basically these bulbs but with a high quality built in speaker. bulbs are definitely changing and it's bout time tbh, they've been the same forever but now they're going to get a lot more functionality and use but it'll take time before they get cheap.
i jus ended up using my friends iphone, its really bright and colorful 100x times better then those 30 dollar multicolored bulbs u find everywhere, now the big question is when this will get affordable so the average joe can buy alot for every room and use its cool functionalities to the full potential
hi, i wonder how things are going with the uk warehouse. have the bulbs arrived there? what is to be expected w.r.t. the shipping from the uk? do we receive an mail with tracking code? kind regs,
last question btw, and this is a stupid one that i'm sure anybody can answer for me but does these being connected to your phone actually reduce battery life? i swear my battery life on my phone has gotten worse lol
@creator - wow i can't believe i didn't see the preview icon or notice you could swipe the scenes on/off haha thanks! but back to 3) that's not really what i'm talking bout, i mean it does it but it does it in more of a complicated way. would be much better if we can go to our groups section, and add sub-groups into our groups so that when you do the drop down menu for that group, you see the sub groups then you can drop those down and see the individual bulbs. also on a side note are you guys planning on releasing any light strips in the future? and if not would it be possible for me to pay for one of the bluetooth adapters you use in the bulbs so i can try and rig it up with a couple of light strips and make them function with the app?
mine works fine on initial setup.  turning the switch off and back on no longer connects to my iphone 5s.  i did the reset thing but to no avail. is there a solution?
@kyle - thanks for all the feedback.  let me try and at least get most of these. 3) try using the scene functionality for this one. just set everything up the way you want it, take a snapshot and then you can replay that scene at any time. 6) you can already preview the rise & shine themes, just tap the preview button on the bottom of that screen. 8) you can actually just swipe a scene on and off the same way you can turn a group on/off. tapping the cell takes you to the details where you can edit.  @viral - unfortunately the lights only work with bluetooth low energy.phones. it's a hardware thing in ilumi itself and can't be updated. it works with iphone 4s and above along with ipad mini's, ipad 3+ and galaxy s3+ on the android side. let us know if you have any other specific device questions. cheers.
any idea when the android app for non 2014 cell phones/tablets will be out, theres alot of us who dont have the super new phones with the low power bluetooth thing, even a simple app would be good
so i've been using the app for a few days now and i'm loving the overall experience, below is a small list of features i'd like to see added or fixed not including the features i know that are coming like the motion sense. also before the list i will note that the lights tend to dim when they're not supposed too (and they're not hot) and they even get brighter at times as well as sometimes the lights seem to not cooperate all the time, but on to the list. 1. add a number value to the brightness of the bulbs as well as when using the color wheel, would allow us the create the exact color and brightness desired. 2. make the brightness easier to adjust and more sensitive, it seems that when i move the slider all the way down, as far as i can without turning them off, they're still pretty bright and it's hard to turn them down any lower cause then they just turn off. also make the brightness update live and smoothly, meaning as soon as i move the slider the lights brighten or dim accordingly, where as now you have to hold the slider there for a second or two. 3. add sub-groups, for example i can have the mancave group (which is all 4 of my bulbs) but then i can have a left side sub-group just to control the 2 bulbs on the left. 4. make it to where when i click the three lines icon in the top left to bring up my options that i can just click back on the right side to return back to where i was instead of having to click on the three lines again. 5. improve the "music sync" experience as it's really not that accurate, which is understandable but any improvement in accuracy would be much appreciated. 6. a way to test the themes in the "rise & shine" experience without having to set the time and wait for a minute or two to see what it looks like. 7. i don't know if it'd be possible but it would be awesome if you guys could work with some game developers and make it to where the bulbs reacted to whatever happened in the game, for instance if i was playing titanfall on a dark map the lights would be like moonlight but ran into a room and they lit up, just an idea for a future experience maybe and this would also work really well with racing games when driving under street lights or in movies possibly. 8. be able to apply a scene so that the scene setting stays while you navigate through the other menus and etc.
hey bill, just give it time.  the people at ilumi are probably just a bit overwhelmed at this point.  been conversing with them regarding the product and the support has been great.  i'm sure you'll receive yours in no time.
feels nasty...still haven't received my light, but a dozen other manufacturers are selling similar and now i'm sitting on an airplane looking at an ad for ilumi to buy them in the flight magazine...not a fan of the delivery model.
hi guys just received mine. tried it but nothing. it isnt working.
hey ilumi nation! really appreciate all the feedback thus far.  it is really helpful so we cab continue to improve the ilumi experience.   quick update, smartbulbs for international backers are on their way to london as of this past week.  also, we just published a new android app with experiences and better performance.  keep the feedback coming and thanks for the amazing support!!!!
any updates for us international bakers?
@jarle my mistake, i got you confused with someone else, regardless this is a kickstarter project and you should realize that once this ends the comments section usually gets used for feedback, suggestions, or as a customer support. just read all the other comments of people's experiences with the bulbs, no need to be immature just cause you're mad you haven't received the product yet and calling me a "kid" when in all reality you're acting more immature then any of us by trying to say i'm not allowed to comment cause i actually know what i'm talking bout and even acting as childish to call me names? how old are you like 12? lol
@jarle, what's your problem man? i'm simply posting suggestions and problems i'm having with the bulbs for the creators to read, not even talking to you, how bout you stop acting like a kid and be a bit mature and realize that most kickstarter projects want to hear what people think of their products and get ideas for the next version of it. not to mention you commented just before me talking bout your experiences wih the product just like me, not all bout you my man, least i didn't go on bout what my wife and family thought bout it.
august and still nothing on international shipping. most kickstarter projects will be delayed, but this is geting ridiculous ! and @kyle miracle why dont you keep all your "smart" thoughts to yourself ? you are the only one sounding like a kid, so please just leave it ?
also i've been noticing every once in a while one of the bulbs seem to get brighter or dimmer, like a slight flicker effect, is this a common issue or is it just my eyes playing a trick on me? lol
another suggestion i have for the actual par30 bulb is that it does take a second or two for it to come on, not a problem or anything really but may still wanna look at the for any future versions of the bulbs along with the other suggestions i had.
yay, got my jet black par30 and it works, mostly. i need to play with it more but my wife loves it. coincidentally my android phone (note ii) self-updated to 4.4.2 by itself off-wifi which burned through over 700 megabytes of at&t as the ilumi arrived. it seems bluetooth has a 10' range right now and there is about a second of lag. hopefully this improves with updates as it says it is the most current version. getting it to link up the first time was a little obnoxious at first but i was across the room. would be nice to have these in every light socket in the house once they are proven to last and have the rf improved. maybe someday they could form a mesh network so the entire house could be controlled from any location (suggestion).
so i just got my 4 par30s (jet black) and i gotta say, i'm very pleased, i'll be testing out the app over the next few days and then i'll post some suggestions and thoughts but here's my thoughts on the actual bulbs. first off i love how heavy these feel, they feel mostly metal which is nice to see that type of quality in this product, as soon as i turned them on they instantly made my room look a ton better and they are a lot brighter then i expected as well! my only complaints (thought they are small) due to the size of them they wouldn't fit on my track light system without having to remove the glass cups so i'd imagine these don't work with every light fixture, also due to the weight of the bulbs i'm going to have to rig something up cause once i got them in and let go, they immediately went to pointing down towards the ground lol lastly i feel like the plastic accent piece near where the actual light comes out is a bit wobbly and cause of it the plastic piece fills a bit cheap, overall great product and looking forward to the updates as time goes on!
@sm, you need to realize that as a backer for a kickstarter app that these apps are i  there first versions and the company is as small as it'll ever be right now, as the company continues to hire and get feedback from the supporters the apps will get much better, leave feedback and issues and work arounds, that's what helps improved the apps, not insulting them like a kid would, be a bit more mature please.
received my par30 today. great hardware, embarrassingly bad software. whoever approved the release of the android app in it's current form should be fired. it's as if you never seen an android app before.  you need to understand that when you are developing an app for two different platforms (ios/android) you need to develop it for two different platforms. don't try to develop one app for the lowest common denominator.  please release the sdk/api i am sure any developer will be able to release a better app.
i'm very excited to finally have an ilumi par30 in hands to play with. now i'm eagerly awaiting the sdk so i can add ilumi support to lightbow. any other ios users out there interested in being a beta tester? lightbow already has thousands of engaged philips hue and lifx users, and i am eager to add the ilumi nation to the mix. check out www.lightbow.net for more information about lightbow, and find me at info@lightbow.net if you'd like to get involved!
it seems like the broad shoulders on the par30s are a problem in older cans - can't get them to screw in.  but i can play with the a21s until i move.
should be getting my par30s tomorrow or thursday, can't wait!
great idea, but so far i'm sorry to say that it fails in actual reliability. have had three out of the five bulbs loose bluetooth connectivity and even when i have the luck that they reset (turning switch off/on 5x) they will not reconnect. two bulbs have firmware updates, but after at least a dozen times it still won't download properly. hopefully this gets sorted out soon in another update.
just got 2 par30 and 2 a21. they're awesome! i'm missing the music sync feature in the app though, but everything else is great. @maurice - that happened to me when i was setting up the first bulb. i just reset the bulb by turning it on and off 5-6 times and i was able to connect to it again.
are there any updates regarding shipping to israel?
can't wait for mine! just hope i get mine soon but considering they're jet black and i waited till after the kickstarter ended to order them i'll understand if i have to wait
my par30s have been delivered in la, so at least some are being shipped.
i actually ordered my par 30 jet blacks a bit after the kickstarter ended so will i still got mine this week or the next week?
hey ilumi nation!  good news, the remaining ilumi for backers in the americas are just about to hit the la warehouse and will ship out to you in the next few days.  next up will be other international backers out of the uk. more details to come.   @maurice - our support team will reach out to help with any issues your having.  light on!
any idea when the black par30s are shipping?
anyone els have the bluetooth on there bulb just stop working?      every time i turn on my bulb it does the quick color strobe and now does not connect or even register as a device in bluetooth settings.
@terry, it stated in the article that the brand of bulb is lifx and then it says "the firm behind the bulbs has since fixed the vulnerability." so nothing to worry bout, besides are you really that important too where someone's going to go through the trouble to find out ur wifi password? lol
http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-28208905
hey ilumi nation, we are just about to start shipping the remaining rewards from the factory within the next few days and will continue to do so through the next week or two.  more to come in an update soon. in terms of both apps, we know we have a lot of work to do, and your feedback is actually extremely helpful for us to identify issues and requests. if you are willing, please e-mail us at support@ilumi.co to report your issues.   @augusto - thanks for the feedback, overall much more to come in the app in functionality and features. for 2. you can set the default color for each ilumi or a group in the color wheel.  just select that ilumi, bring up the color wheel and select 'set default'. @roy - sent you a dm as well, but you'll have your ilumi soon! @bill - diddo, your ilumi will head out soon! @kyle - thanks for the help and ideas! @anthony - yes, we also identified some issues with different devices.  working on improving that now. @peter - excited about homekit more to come but again, e-mail us at support@ilumi.co or hello@ilumi.co for quick responses. cheers. corey
now, to be more specific about the issues i am having with my ios app and ilumi's led bulbs:  1. when i add an ilumi, the assigned names are renamed with other default names instead of remembering my custom ones.  2. the colors were i left each bulb are reset to white.  3. when trying to turn off or on the bulbs i need to do it twice for the bulb to respond.  4. lightning automation schedule can only be done (at least i haven't found another way) through the experiences section and through a rise & shine transition - no plain turn on at this time and day with a specific color (basic)   5. when using the music sync function, it doesn't really follow the music that well, you can't really tell that it is doing it and do not see the microphone function as displayed in the campaign.  6. i do not see proximity functionality available as mentioned in the campaign (even with a picture) 7. based on the campaign's information, the a21 produces about 800+ lumens while only consuming 10 watts, about 7x less energy than an equivalent 75 watt incandescent... well, when compared to my 75 watt incandescent bulbs, ilumi's fall short from being comparable,
@kyle miracle... it is not my job nor my intention to develop an application, i just need what was promised in this campaign (nothing more but also nothing less), campaign i supported under the presented premises... if you can't see that as a problem... then maybe you have a different type of problem.
hello augusto echecopar: i would not complain, at least you got something. i backed at $299 level and have yet to receive anything. at the same time, this is the first project in which i have had any issues and any issues on kickstarter in general. even worse, communication and responses from ilumi has ranged from none to up to around 90 days. hello corey: i sent another another communication via kickstarter. i would greatly appreciate a responce. live long and prosper, roy
backer #99 for a par30...very disappointed on the delivery :(
@augusto or perhaps you can make them an app sense you're so upset cause they apparently did a terrible job and it's soooo easy ;)
@augusto perhaps instead of complaining, actually report the bugs and what is happening in a calm way so that they can look into it and fix the problems, yelling "this apps buggy!" doesn't do a thing.
the iphone app is way too buggy. we need to get a responsibly deployed new release closer to what was promised when raising the funds. right now i have 3 very expensive non-usable bulbs due to being unreliable... ilumi needs to correct this situation asap...
http://thenextweb.com/gadgets/2014/06/28/ge-quirky-announce-15-connected-led-light-bulb/…
that fix just worked for the color wheel.... didn't fix the sync on different devices.... still can't get that to work.
ok, maybe a fix.... after some searching and guessing.... deleted my group for the lights and made a new group and relocated them.....  color wheel works better now.   this is all done after i updated the app and bulbs to the new firmware.... had to resync everything from scratch.
wow, after updating bulbs and app..... response to color change on the color wheel is worse! either it doesn't work, or you have to move the contrast circle i the middle some for it to change colors.... worked fine with the first version, and before updating firmware on bulbs.
are you guys planning on supporting homekit? (apple's home automation platform)
anyone else having problems trying to pair the lights to a second device? i manually reset the lights as the troubleshooting said to do and rue sync the lights to the device... did all that, also have an account... installed the app on another device, signed in.... it shows my group but when i go to change the color.... nothing happens.... working fine on the main device, but not on the second device. not sure why this is so damn hard to do. maybe there is a bug still. but can't see using 1 device to control the lights when there are other people living in the house.
@ilumi any idea when i will be charged for the bulbs? i ordered 4 jet black par30s from the site a couple weeks ago.
@maxim he literally mentions this in the comment, look at number 3.
any news about international shipping?
still would love to see ilumi powered light strips that i could use for my computer and backlight, they should be water proof, and let off very little heat, if any if they're covered by the water resistance plastic
hey ilumi nation! love all the interaction that's taken place here. based on your feedback we've been hard at work to fix some things that were discovered right out of the gate.  a more detailed update to follow, but here's some things to note: 1) the new firmware version will improve the android app performance drastically. we are testing a new version of the app that will be released shortly and should help android users to update the firmware.  2) music sync on the latest ios app doesn't work unless you have the new firmware. something we didn't realize, but it's an easy fix once you can update the firmware. also, we're working on an update that should make updating easier. 3) all remaining crowdfunding orders are in the works! this includes par30 and remaining international orders. right now we think all orders will ship from the manufacturer next week. with luck every backer will have their ilumi in early july.   4) thank you! you guys are amazing. we have a lot more work ahead of us to make your ilumi better and better.  cheers. corey
just got mine in the mail on saturday. pleased down to the packaging. the app isn't perfect, but for an initial launch i would say it's fairly solid. great palette, responsive, painless install and pairing. i do have a few questions though. i've been wondering how proximity works? i haven't seen a setting or anything so i'm not sure if it's implemented yet. my lamp has something around the bulb so i've been wondering how the bulb senses motion and if it'll still be able to pick me up when i'm in the room even though it's in the back corner as opposed to overhead or something. also like other backers mentioned, i would love to see in-app control of experiences or ideally the ability to make experiences manually. setting the light to follow the sun in my area would be great for regulating circadian rhythms! lastly, i was wholly unimpressed with the music experience. it didn't seem like it did anything. i don't know how it's implemented either, so that doesn't help much. i started playback from my iphone and the light changed when it felt like it. is it done via sound? should i be playing on some loud speakers? or is the song being processed on the device with the instructions being sent via bluetooth? if it's the former, i'm sure the typical user would prefer a music 'mode' that when set allowed the ilumi to react to any audio input loud enough. sorry for the mega long post. just wanted to share my two cents! you guys have delivered a great product, and i'm excited to see where it goes from here!
hello,  maybe this has been answered already but i am wondering when the white a21 ships internationally (the netherlands)? and do i have to expect an email with an tracking number ?
hey guys! just tried out the bulb for a while now and it's interesting so far. i love the wide range of colors, but dislike the music experience. can you please set it to where you can stream any kind of music to it? i'm limited on space with my ipad so it would be great if you could. could you guys make custom experiences with different color selections fading. i love the rising alarm app and would love that as a transition on it's own if possible. the app feels a little empty, but i know you guys will update it! btw it said i needed to update my ilumi bulb, but then got disconnected doing the update. i never saw it again and wondering if that's a error on your part or is there a update button somewhere? thanks
@illumi anyway you can connect spotify to play with bulb flashing to beat? also if i connect to a bluetooth speaker anyway it will still work?
added note: blue on the bulb that isn't working when white is also not working making the colors not right. i've placed it back into the box and am awaiting either a comment on here or an email reply from hello@ilumi.co .
plugged in two of my three and couldn't be happier. it's a little rough in working the app, but hoping they will continue to improve it.
received my light bulbs today. one of the three isn't working when it is set to white. works for the colors but shuts off when set to white. how do i contact someone to send it for a replacement?
i'm hoping the app will get better. my bulbs should arrive today.
i'm hoping the app will get better. my bulbs should arrive today.
rise and shine experience doesn't always work even when turned on.
any word as to when the par  30 bulbs will ship to kickstaeter and indiegogo backers?
ive never been so disappointed by a pledge before. the app crashes regularly, even while attempting the most basic of tasks such as contacting by email, the lamp firmware is unable to update, and the lamp regularly does not want to turn on ( or even be recognized!). all of this doesnt even take into account the monstrous size and weight of this bulb. have you guys seen the phillips hue?! the bulb is about the same size as my regular led bulbs...you folks really need to work on size and weight for v2 if you expect to get more sales of these.
this may have been mentioned before, but i forget. will there be a site for discounted bulbs for backers who have remained patient and supportive through this amazing endeavor?
bulb is working great so far!  can we get a lengthy sunset experience? one that dims over a selected amount of time. also, an experience that recognizes when i get home so that it turns on automagically and maybe turns off when the bluetooth connection is cut off.
just played around with the app and gotta say very professional done as far as design and the subtle colors go, obviously more experiences will be added as they have said over and over the app will only launch with the basics so no need to comment bout it, looking forward to getting my black par30s! :)
@giligainisland. i ordered an a12 to a27 adapter for my ceiling fan. problem is, the glass bowl won't fit around the bulb haha.  i just went to ikea and bought a "hemma" which is basically an a27 fitting with a 15.5 foot wall socket line. hung it over my bed and it's working great!
just got my lights. but to my dismay, my phone and other android devices only can be updated to android 4.1.  is there any possible way for you guys to update the app to include users like me? or am i going to have to do some "manual updating" via some more difficult routes?
these lights are the coolest things ever! now i wish i'd bought more of these while the kickstarter was going.
@joses would it fit the ceiling fan with a light bulb socket extender? might want to look into it. i received my ilumi today; funny the incandescent fan/ceiling light failed just yesterday and needed replacement...so great timing. things must have sped up on manufacturing to get the bulb before year's end.  it fits, it works, seems great so far. was able to pair w/ iphone 5 and rename the lightbulb within the app, although the logging in to use the app is a major bummer. on the plus side, i like that i can control the setting of color/brightness and then turn off bluetooth and the ilumi still works as last set.  oh, ya, it's bright enough to want to dim it for a more ambient setting.  thank you, and bless the future of your product; i will endorse it.
my white a21 showed up today - happy to finally have it in my hands!  so comments : 1] heatsink is not centered on the base.  not sure this is a big deal, but it's there. 2] hot - i'll bring the flir from the lab tomorrow, but this puppy is putting out some serious heat. 3] brightness isn't quite what i expected - but it's the middle of the day, and it replaced a philips 19w. 4] the thick shell about the metal base is going to prevent it from fitting in some light fixtures.   5] most of the light goes "up" not "out", so i'm not sure it's going to be very effective in a table lamp sort of situation. that said - the colors are nice, and are move vivid than the hue's.  i'm not convinced they are brighter, but the hue is at home, so ask me again tomorrow. the app needs some polish - crashed a couple of times on me - and i don't care to be asked to login to ilumi's server every time i start the app.  can't wait to see the first ad.
thanks ilumi
android users - we found a bug that slipped in at the last minute that caused issues pairing to ilumi.  we're pushing an update here within the next day that should improve pairing in android.  sorry and thanks for letting us know about your issues.
received my ilumi a21s. they work great with an iphone. but my galaxy s5 will not connect with them.
perhaps when the black a21s get shipped we'll hopefully have an estimation date for the shipping of the white par30s and black par30s?
if you touch and hold on the experiences menu you can edit the experiences. also you can swipe left/right to turn them on and off. just playing with the app at this point since i don't have my bulbs yet.
@andrew - can you e-mail us at support@ilumi.co?  we can work to try and get things working and make sure we understand what's going on. thanks!
is anyone else having trouble with the android app? having trouble connecting to multiple ilumis... very unreliable syncing with bluetooth. basically unusable at this point. app also crashes quite a bit... using droid razor m phone
hey ilumi nation - new update out with some good detail. let us know if you have any other questions. @sfox - thanks for sharing the good word on the android app! @joses - a21 refers to the size of the actual bulb, e26/e27 refers to the type of screw base, but yes it is an e26 / e27.  feel free to e-mail if you need more help. also, many more experiences to come! pebble integration is a great idea.  @trevor & alex - yes, ilumi does get pretty hot when you leave it on for a while. it is a good thing as we want all the heat generated by the leds to get out through the heatsink.  it's cooler than an incandescent, but please do be careful when handling it.
@alex. my experience with other led bulbs is a crazy hot heat sync. that metal serves to help pull heat away and distribute it. it should be fine though if you want a second opinion i would not fault you. i've heard complaints from people about both phillips and lifx being hot too. but when you think about it it's the sand with a regular incandescent bulb. i would touch those after 20 minutes of being in either!
i just got mine today. one question though, is normal for the a21 arctic white bulb to get really hot? where as i cannot touch the touch the sides of the bulb. its gets super hot after about 20minutes of use. tried to pull it off off to change the location of the bulb, and i had to wait about 10 minutes for it to cool down.
@spencer and the rest of us android users:  the android app just showed up in the google play store
i'm trying to look for an adapter to use with the bulb.  i know it's an a21, but is it the equivalent to an a26/a27 bulb?
so, i received the bulb. unfortunately it doesn't fit my ceiling fan =/.  i shall try it elsewhere though.
hello, just recieved my ilumi bulb, looks awesome! looked on the site it says android app coming soon.  when can we expect an android app out for ilumi?
the app itself needs more functions, as in experiences. also, needs a way to delete experiences. right now it can only add them and there are only 2.
mine should arrive tomorrow, so i'm super excited. i've downloaded the app through the app store.   question: will there be any pebble watch integration? i'd like to be able to just turn on and off the lights without using my phone.  for example, when waking up in the middle of the night.
i also received my shipping notice (a21s via usps with tracking info).  they should arrive by monday. so the question now is:  will the android app be available in the play store by then???
mine just shipped! excited!
hi guys, how about some more frequent, small updates? ce certification was being completed 'any day now', but that was two weeks ago.  is it done? have the usa ones shipped yet? is the 2-4 week estimate for the international par30's still accurate?  are you behind or ahead of schedule on them? the reason people are asking questions is because these items are now ~6 months overdue (at least on kickstarter). i still want the lights, but it's not helpful to have things delayed for so long.
when can we expect pledges...
hello i'd like a refund, what do i have to do ?
thanks guys for the update, finally getting so close!
new update posted folks!  @walter - we updated the app and will publish it shortly after apple approves it here soon. @john - i know you've been in the dark for way too long. we're almost there my friend.
please, iluminate us with an pdate...
can we get an update?
hey guys where did the ilumi app go? it's no longer in the app store.
cory - we'd all love to "live our lights".  as i'm sure you are well aware, you are the only one with an ilumi at the moment.  can't wait for your update.
hey ilumi nation! getting very close to shipping the first a21's. more to come in an update here shortly. sorry for the delayed responses as we were backed up for a while on e-mail.  live your light!
same, no response as well, i'm very close to asking for a refund. i don't care if mark cuban is an investor. lack of customer response leaves a bad taste in anyone's mouth.
ilumi, may i know what happened to your customer service ? i sent several emails to your customer service but none of them was replied.
@ilumi awhile back if i remember correctly you said something bout the app at first will only have the basic controls like for color and brightness, since all the delays has that giving the app development team more time to add some features to the app? for instance the motion tracking or the sound reactive ones? if not i would really love to have those two modes available as soon as possible
hey all! glad to see the lively conversation and really appreciate all the support and faith.  formal update in the works but i'll try to at least post something here in the comments once a week.   in short, we are still building bulbs but will not be able to start shipping this week. still very close though and know you all are waiting.  more details to come in the update. also, you as our first backers are first in line for the first batch. you got our back and we will always have yours. as always reach out directly to hello@ilumi.co if you have questions or just want a status update in the interim.   cheers, corey
if you go the the website http://order.ilumi.co/collections/ilumi/products/small-a21-smartbulb and order you will ....... due to high demand, new orders will ship in 6 - 8 weeks.. what is this true ?
@kyle - some of us funded this ks campaign after realizing that based on the indiegogo progress we would simply not be getting lights.  i would agree that it's more likely that we will now, but i still question corey's timeframe and ability to deliver against it. when we started down this road there was nothing on the market.  now there are two other products out there that are available, and numerious chinese clones.  i laugh every time corey says "they are not as bright as mine" - my ilumi isn't producing any light at the moment, but my hue's sure are.
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs-continued/x/1901299#home https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs--5/x/1901299#home they are still waiting,,too
@nathaniel true as well, i mean yeah we're not getting the updates that most of us would wish for but as a company you can never please everybody, i'm backing a project right now and they were doing weekly updates, people complained but too many updates and they started monthly updates, people started complaining bout not enough updates lol all i want is the product to come out and hurting the self-esteem and motivation of the company and it's employees, and you know they read the comments, does nothing but slow the progress, yes i'd love an update but if we haven't had one then chances are there's nothing interesting going on, when there is, they'll let us know.
@ kyle. haha true i wouldn't, but i'm also not a company who asked for peoples support. commenting once a week could go a long way and would show that the support is reciprocated beyond the product reward.
@nathaniel would you bother posting daily comments or updates to a community that will most likely have something negative to say?
agreed, though i wouldn't mind some more comments from the team; the increase in company updates might even ease a bit of tension with the other backers.
idc when i get my bulbs, my faith in this company is still high, i know i'll be more then happy with the finished product, to all the people complaining bout being late, try releasing a product and running a brand new company yourselves.
estimated delivery: dec 2014
cinema = chinese*
starting to understand why they login without commenting lol bringing a product like this apparently takes alot more then they thought, it always does we got mark cuban on our side with alot more publicity so well get it eventually  are yall really comparing 10 dollar chinease products to this? lol this has features and specifications that arent there , this is a american great product  that will continue to change and be better as they progress, company/product (continual) improvements, service and local usa loyalty, quality is what were here for  i say we let them do there thing, theres 1000 backers , and i see only 2 that were getting impatient, including me sometimes lol i see nothing wrong here except maybe a misjudgment on the final dates i want a quality product better then the cinema knockoffs and excited to see a product i backed, make it big and on tv  worth the small price we individually paid for streaming link is still working for the ilumi episode on tv http://vimeo.com/92376959
sorry - typo there that makes it smellier than it needs to be "november of 2012".  i keep forgetting it was your ut business idea competition that started this all off in november 2010.
corey - for a crowdfunding journey that started in november of 2010, it amazes me that you continue to "keep the faith" with a straight face. please tell us one more time *exactly* what you intend to ship the week of the 21st of april?
@giligainisland - ilumi is brighter, simpler, and smarter. it's all about the details. check out our website to see why.
wow, what an exciting night. so pumped to have mark cuban now a part of the ilumi nation!  we really couldn't be where we are without you, our amazing crowdfunding backers.  we are eternally grateful. now, we just need to get ilumi in your hands. next week the shipping begins!
oh, ya...the wifi version too. http://m.aliexpress.com/item/1402274463.html
curiosity caused me to do some shopping around to see just how unique this light bulb is: http://m.aliexpress.com/item/1782113828.html http://m.aliexpress.com/item/1340261409.html i'm sure there are more, some compatible with ios only, others android. wattage maybe less, and quality may suffer, but you can have a bulb in the mean time...and when you get this exclusive ilimi you can decide to sell what you have already enjoyed and get some of your money back.
www.vimeo.com/92376959 heres another streaming copy of ilumi's episode on tv i have mixed emotions lol
ilumi on shark tank tv episode: streaming http://www.liveleak.com/view… mirrors on google: shark.tank.s05e25.hdtv.x264-2hd
yeah, and you didn't exactly mention your previous funding or that you owe bulbs to many other buyers for significantly less than msrp. and shipping by year end? really? you aren't exactly aiming for an impressive target. you guys don't look too trustworthy after sharktank. sorry.
so you now own even less of your company, have an additional $350k of venture capital with a really nice nice string or two attached, and we still have no bulbs.
2.5 years actually lol
@viral videos - i'll believe it when i see a product in my hand.  corey has been promising delivery for over a year now.
wow shark tank!! "shark tank: season 5, episode 25   airdate: friday april 18th, 2014 two dallas entrepreneurs demonstrate their smart light bulb which can be programmed from a mobile phone for home or business," shark tank is my fav show, i think watching something on tv something i backed is worth the 60 bux i spent on this kickstarter lol...corey reached out to me to talk to some concerns i had and described his journey to me.... im happy and excited to see this project on shark tank and cant wait to see something i backed on tv  thanks ilumi
hello ilumi nation!  make sure you see the latest update posted for backers only.  also, please do reach out directly if you have any questions, comments, suggestions, etc.  the best way is to e-mail hello@ilumi.co or send us a message on kickstarter.  thanks!
im never going to do another kickstarter, regardless of this products outcome
last login april 2 and no comment or update?
why do you think you'll get the product in the first place? :p
i wonder how the ..indiegogo ...backers are getting on. will they be the first to get the ilumi and when ?
@maxim everything good is worth waiting for, also i have never backed a kickstarter that didn't have delays.
ilumi, hope that the product will be great after 1,5 year of waiting, not like with lfix alot not good reviews in the internet.
hey all - we're in the weeds organizing and going through manufacturing.  putting an update together with all the details that will post here soon. @roman - though we'd be sad to see you go, if you want a refund please e-mail us at info@ilumi.co.   @viral videos - it's been a long journey for us, and we are so incredibly thankful for the amazing backers who have helped us get through some major challenges along the way. @brendan - focused in for now on core development and shipping but pebble and other integration is certainly on our radar.  @kyle - hold tight - we're getting there!
@roman land...just ask your credit card company to do a charge back
i feel bad for those people , this company totally ignored them  i hope u people realize this project actually started january 2013, which they set unrealistic goals to,  december for this one, lol http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs-continued…
so anybody getting there ilumi shipped out yet?
hey guys! i was wondering if you guys have thought of making an ilumi app for the pebble smartwatch? quite a few smartbulbs already have apps on there that give basic control of their bulbs and i reckon it'd be awesome to have that for ilumi as well!
hi, can i request a refund?
i can't wait for my ilumi!!!!
for those that missed it, a new update went out last week. certification is still going slower than we'd like but we're pushing forward.  the first batch of boards are being built this week and we're working through all the logistical details of how to get 3000 ilumi to all our backers around the world.  a more detailed update to come next week but as always reach out to info@ilumi.co if you have any specific questions.
update, guys?
starting to regret backing this project.....
@john proffer - mine too! :-)
@john diggers - my omate shipped! ;)
thanks for the update! good to hear there's no major issues.
sorry for not checking in as much lately. we are heads down in ramping up to mfg.  we will post a detailed update later this week, but in synopsis certification is moving forward but taking longer than expected. most of the parts have arrived, but there are still a couple of parts that are coming in. we won't be able to start shipping by the end of this month, but are moving as fast as we can.  if you have any questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to reach out directly via e-mail at info@ilumi.co.  thanks so much to all of you for your support and we promise we're getting close!
"are continuing to push forward with a late february anticipated ship date." i was the first to mention there other 2 crowndfunding pages, i jus thought it was wierd that one had like 2000 dollar goal for something like this and there 1 year late on there indiegogo....anyways if its not shipping by the end of the month then we can get rowdy untill then im saving judgement because indians are always honest lol  ------ -p.s there last comment was feb 1 , but from there bio they login everyday thats the part that scares me , does it take that much time to say hello or something we gave them 150 k damn i would be saying hello everyday , im sure he texts his friends lol
@driggers - bleh. omate isn't a year late at least ;)
@klye - this kickstarter project is the *third* that ilumi has done, so i would sincerely hope that those of us who also participated in those campaigns would be at the front of the list. @john - omate as well, eh? ;-)
just to let you know -- the folks over at indiegogo have been waiting for theirs for over a year.  get in line, cuz *if* the ilumi guys manage to actually manufacture anything other than demo samples, the indiegogo guys have first dibs. and wait, there's also the campaign they did before that campaign.. they get theirs first too.
any update on when i can expect shipment????
3 weeks since "getting close"...any updates?
@saul well i me and one of the customer service guys were talking and i asked him when i should be expecting my ilumi and he said that my batch will ship out near the end of march, however i just pre-ordered mine and he said those who pre-ordered theres earlier and funded the kickstarter will be getting there's much earlier.
any updates?
which courier service will you use for international shipping ?
would like to hear of an update or when we should be expecting this wonderful bulbs
any updates? still waiting...
@ stephen thank's a bunch man!
when is the eta on these now?
@kyle, you could get an adapter for the bulb to work. is this what you need? http://www.amazon.de/lunartec-lampensockel-adapter-adapter-gu10-4er-set/dp/b0047tmmkg/ref=sr_1_1…
it looks like the bulbs will only work with the normal screw in sockets right? my track lights use bulbs that have two pins out the bottom of them and that's it so will these not work?
hello everybody. with the ilumi guys progressing nicely on their hardware i figure it's a good time to introduce myself. i'm the founder of lightbow, currently one of the leading ios apps for controlling philips hue and belkin wemo lighting products. i am of course fully committed to adding ilumi support to lightbow, so you can use all your lighting hardware seamlessly from the same app. with four releases under our belt and localized to seven languages, there's a good chance many of you will find lightbow interesting. read more about it at www.lightbow.net! as a backer, i'll be receiving my own par30, but i'd really love to hear from some of you about your setups, and your hopes & dreams for the future of lighting software. specifically, i'm looking for beta testers who are also early ilumi backers. if that sounds fun to you, contact me at info@lightbow.net with your name, your native language, and your hardware setup. (philips, ilumi, belkin, lifx, etc)
is there any way to order an a21 to go with my par 30 i already bought and still get it at the same time?
@walter hayward right? i'd put then behind my tv for sure, and if they were thing enough, and low heat of course, i'd use them to replace my computer lights, would also be cool if they had some uv light strips as well. @ilumi i don't know if it's already a feature in the app but it'd be cool to be able to create "groups" say i have four light strips behind my tv, just saying if you do them, and then four bulbs i can set the bulbs as group 1 and the strips as group 2 and easily control the bulbs all together and the strips all together.
any chance we can get pebble watch integration just like the hue lightbulb?
@kyle dude that would be awesome to have a light strip controlled with my phone. @ilumi i had a friend ask me if the bluetooth network would be password protected through the app. partly a security function, but mostly to make sure people can't just download the app and control my lights.
@mitchell - absolutely, ilumi is pretty sturdy but we want to make sure it gets to your socket without issue, so packaging and shipping boxes are important. @kyle - love the idea but can't say anything right now :)
i filled out the survey. question:  will these be shipped with packing material to protect the goodies inside while in transit?
will ilumi be coming out with an extremely thin light strip controlled through the same app as the bulbs? would be absolutely amazing to be able to control my backlight behind my tv from my phone :)
hey ilumi nation - fyi a new update was just posted for backers.  let us know if you have any specific quesitons. @ viral videos - it's always a balance in finding the right balance between detail and brevity within our updates.  if at anytime you are looking for detail, please don't hesitate to reach-out.  would appreciate your feedback with the latest update though. thanks for all the support ilumi nation!
can you please update your backers with some info. it am looking for some firm delivery dates, or manufacturing details.
i been a kickstarter watcher for a while , even before kickstarter was famous or even the crappy ouya.. and this was my first project i backed since it jus looked cool but for the life of me, i have no idea why there are people who log in everyday  (there bio says they logged in 19th ......last update was 9th...they log in every day and dont say anything, not even  a word or small talk, it takes 3 seconds we get the most vaguest of vague updates, and even if or when it does ship im disappointed that we always heard of the hurdles, but never explain in detail what they did to overcome it "we have confirmed that it is now resolved. it took a bit more ingenuity to finally work through the issue" wtf does that mean ?can it get any more vaguer part of kickstarter is being there for the ride and i feel like i havent been on any ride , except the long wait. this is why im not also preordering more till much later anyways best of luck - im eagerly waiting like others thx
my mistake, they made an update on the 9th. still, how about an update?
quote - "hey ilumi nation - it's been a hectic few weeks since our last update and know we are due. expect a detailed update later today. " that was on jan. 9, creator was logged in on jan. 19th...and no update. maybe their too busy counting our money?
just wondering, any idea on when we'll be able to preorder the black ilumi? as of right now the only ones on the site are white.
looking forward to that update!
hey ilumi nation - it's been a hectic few weeks since our last update and know we are due.  expect a detailed update later today.  for now you can access the survey at https://ilumi.backerkit.com more soon!
@elijah, stephen - these guys have been promising product for well over a year now, so i'm not - and have not - been holding my breath. i agree - it's an absolute shame that ks allows - and we keep funding - projects that are not even close to their promised delivery dates.
any news??
i  can't wait for my ilumi, it will make my room a lot more beautiful :-)
@elijah, that seems to be the growing trend on ks latetly. they post delivery dates that are close to the project end date in order to make their funding goals.....and we always fall for it :(. it seems like a pretty deceptive ploy that is catching on with other projects.
so the december delivery date was a blatant lie or what?  it seems clear that the creator never meant to ship a product so soon after the funding period ended...
did the team ever figure out what would be the 'special' version for early backers?
creator, may i know when the light bulb will be shipped out ?
so it's awesome that the backer kit surveys went out. i'm pretty stoked. can we get an updated timeline of events? just to temper or possibly excite expectations.
if you are having any issues with the backerkit survey, don't hesitate to reach out to us - info@ilumi.co.   @maxim - we sent you a direct message response to your question.
hi! i have got email with a link about my order. but really, its was the first one that i really do not understand. i do not see the all money that i have pledged, can not indicate the number of ilumi... i have found add-ons, what is it? some more ilumis for free? i have pledged 551$ (9 ilumis + shipping) and i see add-on only for 472$ (it's only 8 ilumis, not 9).
ok, surveys are on their way out!  happy holidays everyone.
thank you :) merry christmas!
we haven't yet been able to send out the survey yet.  there was some delay to launch due to the holiday.  it should be soon and will follow-up to let you know.
hi, someone received the email with the backerkit surveys?
hey ilumi nation - glad you guys are keeping the conversation going here.  we're heads down and pushing forward.  getting very close but still lots to do.  if we miss any of your concerns here feel free to reach out directly. cheers and happy holidays!
well there's your update and i'm very happy bout it :) whenever this project is all done and going smooth and such you guys should totally do another kickstarter for light strips, could be used for under glow on computers or cars or just ambient lighting behind tvs and monitors.
considering it is the holidays and they may be with there family silence is understandable though.
any changes to report from the last two weeks?  silence isn't golden in kickstarter projects!
@john watcha mean? i don't wanna pre-order the white ones if they have the black onyx ones available.
@kyle - why wait?  cory & co will let you know in jan what the next delays are.
so any word on the color yet? i'm about to pre-order me some but i wanna wait on what color will be shown :d
@kyle - that's the understatement of the month.  :-)
@hamad please read the updates they take the time to put up, it's not even fully finished yet.
i still didnt recieved my ilumi
hey just wondering since as of right now and before i couldn't pre-order my ilumi, but do you guys have any estimate of when these will be available for order?
thanks for the updates guys. being a pioneer sometimes means unforeseen obstacles. i'm a proud backer and look forward to my ilumi.
read the history and the honesty in the post about everything. i look forward to receiving mine.
i won't lie and say i'm not concerned with the new info, but i have faith that you guys will deliver the product now that you guys are honing in on the issues.
im not gonna be rude , so i wont comment any more , and will wait it out , since its the only choice - but as u can see from my bio this is the first kickstarter project i backed ......so yes i did alot of research and read every one of ur posts , but if i googled up your other crowdsourcing projects and saw the bizarre comments/updates on that page, going back too january ... and the purposely late responses to peoples concerns even on that indiegogo page..... i wouldnt have ever backed this project, but now i backed, so i gotta stick it out i guess.thanks for the quick reply as soon as i commented. p.s. on kickstarter, ur bio tells people when u logged in last
looks like we've been a bit behind on answering some of your questions and comments here.  sorry about that, but here we go... @mitchell - yes, you are correct there that shipping to us territories is included. @john - yes, different emi route problem, more to come in our next update. @ingar - we are really excited about the potential of integrating ilumi & goldee and thought our supporters would be too, so we thought we'd share.  don't worry, we are laser focused on getting ilumi in your hands. @debra - we're including updating schedules for better or worse with all our recent updates.  perhaps ensure that you are showing the images in your mail browser to view the schedule.   @viral - glad you checked out the website!  also, i'd suggest taking a look at our first update for a history of ilumi http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ilumi/ilumi-the-worlds-smartest-lights/posts/602687 feel free to reach out directly to - info@ilumi.co thanks! corey
http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs-continued… funding duration: january 06, 2013 - february 04, 2013   ----- maybe im sleepy but this seems the same project made in january 2013...... im confused ...the comments on there and there own updates on that page is odd to kinda scary.. and why is that goal only 1000$... doesnt make sense ..... is this the same version or same thing as this?? or am i jus sleepy , the 92 comments on that page ... umm
3 month delay isnt that bad, its actually the norm , the site has good info , yall should check it out.. im excited .hopefully the android app will come along wit my illumi  mmm cant wait!
maybe yall should check out there site also lol pre order now  special pre-sale discount! small ilumi single – $84 (msrp $89) small ilumi 3 pack – $239 (msrp $249) small ilumi 5 pack – $379 (msrp $389) reserve your ilumi for an estimated march 2014 ship date  you will not be charged until your ilumi ships
like many of your other comments, i am confused. your kickstarter pledge levels say "estimated delivery dec 2013" but it is now 12/3/13, more than 3 weeks after the campaign ended and the only updates talk about design problems with no real dates in sight.  it would be nice to get at least a firm idea to backers of when to expect the rewards survey and what exactly the hold up is.  thanks, debra
so wait, we get an ilumi update which is merely spam for another campaign? there is no update in your update. there is still no product, after two huge campaing fundings both here and on indiegogo.  i really really hope for an ilumi to show up at some point, but i'm not really assured with your focus seemingly all over the place.
these are different emi issues than the ones identified back in july?
thank you :)
"shipping within the united stated". i'm assuming it covers shipping to u.s. territories. thanks
so to clarify, there is no december shipping now & estimated delivery is now february - right?
@oben02 - looks like the community jumped in here too, but we just sent out an update and haven't sent out the survey yet. we only get one shot at the survey and want to make sure we are able to get everything in there.  thanks!
see you  all next year
my preferred shipping method is usps priority mail. thanks
@kevin thanks :) i did the same pledge as you
@kevin - thy just posted an update to one of their indiegogo campaigns with a swim lane that seems to imply shipping to backers some time in january.
oben02 - not sure which pledge you did, but for early bird a21, dec2013 - i haven't received a survey yet. scroll down the page and look to the right for the pledge that says "you selected". when a survey is available, it will appear there as well
hi, i was wondering if you already have sent a survey for the shipping address?
hey ilumi nation! great questions and so thrilled that you want to deck it out with more ilumi because they really work great when used together.  let us figure out the best way to add more ilumi, and we will let the community know.  keep the thought and thanks for reaching out!
meant early bird a21 set obviously :)
hi ilumi, great work! i am in a stage of re-styling my apartment for my daughter and might use some more ilumis.  is there an option to add another pledge for backers after funding period has finished (based on availability, of course)? for example, i pledged the early bird par30 set and would like an early bird par20 set too :) tia, q.
yea i was wondering too about pre orders and such , when does it start and if we get a special price , cuz i want more then 1 now and the pledge for that special price was the last one they had...thx
i just wanted to know if we as backers will receive a discount on future purchases of ilumis, after the kickstarter campaign pledges are fulfilled?
hi there, before delivery can you increase your order and get the same price...? i'd like to get a few more for a medical research project i am doing. take care, adrian.
congrats!! wish i had the money to light my entire house with these bulbs, but i got enough to get me started and wish you luck on a national release.
it's the last few minutes of the campaign!  thanks for all the amazing support ilumi nation!
hey ilumi team just want to say i think your product is awesome and has so much potential. i can't wait to see where this product goes and will wait for as long as it takes to get this product. it's better to wait for perfection then be impatient and get a not so good product. keep it up guys i believe in you. go team iliumi!!
8 more hours ! ! im excited ..yall got over 140 from 25k goal...wow  imagine the extra help they can get with 140 k.. and the colors!! people are talking about deadlines already? they havent even got the money yet lol calm down *pops champage gets* ready for the ride*
10 hrs left and we are rockin it! @nick -  really appreciate the comment and the support.  we can't wait to reach our real goal of putting. ilumi in your hands.   @terry - understand the concerns and the onus is on us to deliver.
in update 11  you said.. overall, we’re now estimating your ilumi to ship at the beginning of 2014. i just can see that happen maybe june / july you still have a lot  to do ,,and testing..and shipping,,,the list is long i wish you luck but don't make dates you cant meet,,, indiegogo and kickstarter are not the same
congratulations corey & the ilumi team! great result - i reckon we can get to $140k with the time left if we all just tweet or post it somewhere one last time!! be awesome to hit $150k! i'm really pleased for you guys - for all the work you do & the dedication you have for this project is amazing - you deserve all the success you receive. now the real work begins, well just continues in your case!! good luck with the next process on your journey to fulfilment. best regards
woohoo! we cleared the 135k stretch goal with room to spare!  that means colors!
first design product i'm kickstarting. very excited i got the last early a21 pledge. i can't wait
congratulation ilumi for reaching 5x+. this is impressive!
thanks mikel - ambify does some cool things but initially it wont work for ilumi.  we of course will have some great music sync functionality as well.  cheers!
hey ilumi congrats  on the success. i have a quick question will the lights be accessible by other apps like  ambify ? http://getambify.com
@simon - great question, without knowing your exact spotlight it's hard to say as that term can take on different meanings.  if it will fit dimensionally and it isn't fully enclosed, you should be good.  if you want to e-mail us (info@ilumi.co) with more details we can dive in deeper to make sure.
are the par30 ok to use in spot lights?
@atul - check out the new update!  @stephen - our first prototypes were pretty big, which is what's mostly in the video.  our final designs fall within the normal dimensions of an a21 (125 mm x 60 mm) and a par30 light (128 mm x 95mm) @numan - it's a tough question because it really depends on the size of the room, how high the ceiling is, and what function you'd like from the room. send us an e-mail at info@ilumi.co and we'll try to help you out. @khang - certainly understand your concerns and it's certainly top of mind for us. i'll make a point to go over the remaining schedule and any areas of risk in the next update.  thanks for voicing your concern and hope you decide to stay in the ilumi nation! thanks!
hi, i'm an early backer with the early bird package, i'm currently on the fence with this product because i am now not very convinced you are able to deliver the product by dec 2013. i hope you can provide some concrete plans on what is in place. the replies haven't been very convincing and to be honest, the history you have on this product isn't helping very much. hope to hear frm you and all the best.  cheers.
@ilumi: is a single 10/15 watt bulb bright enough to light up 1 average sized room efficiently?
are the final designs for the bulbs really that big? those are really really big bulbs compared to the other smart lights on the market.
@ilumi: what about the stretch goals? any news…
@terry - we're doing ctuvus certification and the pre-certification has begun.  we are also performing the ce and fcc certification through the same test plan.  @kyle m - love the idea!  can't say exactly what we're going to do as we're pretty locked in now on this, but definitely stay tuned. @ray - the up to 20 years life is an internal estimation.  it's taken from a combination of component life and standard use. the leds themselves last 100,000 hours.  as we get in and do more testing we'll have more hard data to back it up, but you do make a really great point. you all rock! can't believe we now have over 800 more additional members of the ilumi nation!
@kyle thanks but there must be a update on this subject.. its important for everyone here and on  indiegogo and the angle inverters...
terry- they posted a comment on this further down. look down down
i won't be pre-ordering the bulbs however will they be available through you're website or amazon for sale for christmas? thinking bout putting them on my list!
any news on the certifications like ce, fcc and ul.?
the lifespan of approx. 20 years you told us about, is it based on real research?
@scott - great question! we haven't performed the drop test on the final version which we are anticipating soon, but believe there shouldn't be any issue. the par30 is pretty robust because of innovative optical design. the a21 with curved diffuser on the top as other led bulbs in the market is comparatively delicate, but should survive the 4 feet drop test. we have dropped our existing prototype bulbs many times during the testing, but all survived and are in great conditions. @kyle - thank you very much for the support and very interesting idea about using the light strip. definitely something like that in mind : ) @steven - ble 4.0 is required. we had thought of previous bluetooth (bt classic) technology, but given its limitations especially with mesh networking we decided not to pursue it. we believe, ble 4.0 is the future of connected devices with lot of potential for amazing experiences in the future.
is bluetooth 4.0 a requirement or will it work with lesser bluetooth devices?
just backed up this project and i love it! would also love the light strips as well for behind my tv!! however i'm going to have to wait till early next year before i buy lights for my room, regardless i wish you the best of luck and will be keeping an eye out for ordering me some lights!!
since the lifespan of the ilumi is up to 20 years. have you performed any drop tests on the bulbs? if the bulb slips out of someone's hand at a height of four feet and drop to the floor. would the bulb survive the drop?
hey ilumi nation.  remember we are here if you have any questions, concerns, or just ideas! post a comment or email us at info@ilumi.co
wooohooo!  we passed $80,000 and still have 3 weeks to go! thank you so much ilumi nation! @kevin - it's on our list to test and will let you know.  i don't imagine it being an issue though, but we'll make sure @oben - great question.  at this point we've decided to focus on the ios and android apps.  with the sdk it's certainly possible for one to be built though. we'll take your input as a note and consider it with future development. thanks! team ilumi
hi, i was wondering if the app will be available in the kindle app store?
i'd really like to know if it works over airplay before purchasing this, have you all found out yet?
@simon – we’ll keep it in mind, though tuv is a well-recognized certification as well just more predominant in europe @giles – thanks for the support!  in terms of our schedule, we feel really good about the path ahead.  though there are certainly still some big milestones to come, including certification, we’ve spent a lot of time working through the schedule and have already been through a lot to get to where we are now.  in terms of comparison, our focus from day one has been on creating a functional yet flexible light that opens a world of lighting experiences that’s simple.  so i’d say in comparison that’s reflected in our brightness, simplicity, and overall user experience.  lots of unique things that we do from hyperlu to our bluetooth meshing, to the simple things like the auto-pair process.   @jingta – if you’d like to add more ilumi, you can add the appropriate amount to your pledge and we’ll confirm afterward via the survey.
@giles- yea, but the lifx bulbs look waaaaay better!
thanks for the comparison with hue. your product does sound much better on the spec's. lifx is finally going into production after a vary long wait for its backers with an almost identical product as far as i can see. will there be any patent issues and do you still stand by your timeline knowing that it took them so long for the certification process? thanks in advance for the transparency and keep up the good work!
is there a way to add on lights? i bought the dev kit, but might be interested in adding a few extra lights.
i know that ul is a bit expensive, however i prefer my electroincs to have passed ul testing. is there a way you can set up a stretch goal, ie; if you reach $150k you will submit it to ul?
hey art, it depends on use but we expect ilumi to last up to 20 years. great question!
the leds use less energy that much is clear but i didn't see the estimated lifespan of these bulbs, are they going to last me a few months, few years, or possibly a few decades?
@simon - we're going for ctuvus certification instead of ul.  after researching it, ctuvus is a european certification agency and is a lot easier and more economical to work with.  same tests though.  great question!
i wanted to know if you will have them ul tested? i don't know if someone asked already but i didn't want to go through 85+comments
nick, i hope you are right in your optimism - and the comments on funding transparency on my part were with regard to vc funding - and for the record, this is the third round of crowd sourcing. glad to see progress, though, and hope that the additional funds are enough to produce a product on schedule this time.
@nick - you are awesome! a true ilumi-nati thank you so much for your continued support. @giles - ilumi is ble so no wifi or bridge required, ilumi is brighter producing 800 & 1100 lumens vs 600 lumens, ilumi has rich colors and bright whites vs limitations in color with hue, ilumi has many built in experiences like music sync whereas you'll need multiple apps for hue. we'd be thrilled to keep you in the nation!
i was a backer on igg & i also decided to back them again on ks. they have been very transparent with us, the backers from igg & were very honest about their decision to run a campaign here on ks & their reasons why. i decided to back them again to help them reach their goal so they can get over the final hurdle & bring the ilumi to the marketplace. they are only a small start up & even though they have run two campaigns to raise funds already as a backer from the very first campaign i feel that they have used those funds to the best of their ability to launch a brand new product. they hit a massive 'brick wall' that cost them allot of time & money. i believe they have learnt some valuable lessons along the route. i don't believe for one moment that they have sat back on their laurels in hawaii sipping pinã coladas with the funds raised! their efforts should be commended for trying to keep their dream alive & actually facing their issues head on with full transparency to their initial backers. so in short i am happy as a backer of all the campaigns because i am now guaranteed to receive my perks & rewards. regarding phillips hue - i bought them earlier this year & up until their last major software overhaul & app update they were quite disappointing. now they are much better & offer far more options such as alarms, timers, geofencing - right up to giving me alerts when i receive a new email! however, i feel that there is a place for both the ilumi & hue in the marketplace - whilst they offer similarities they each bring new & different features to the table. i like the way that ilumi use a mesh system to allow each bulb to reach further to the next bulb from your hub - something that the hue is limited to. the hue bulbs independently need to be within a short distance to their own hub. this is very limiting when you have a larger property. i have to use the hue close to the limited range of its hub so with ilumi i'll be able to 'daisy chain' more around the house - as i understand it! also with ilumi i have more color control than i do with hue. also one of the biggest advantages to ilumi is the two different sizes, hue is limited to one. with the two sizes i'll have the option to use the larger bulbs in my main lighting fixtures & the smaller ones in lamps etc. and i can still use my hue bulbs with the limited reach that they have & then be able to stretch ilumi further around the property. to sum up i'm proud to be backing a small start up company that has always had big dreams from the start & whilst they have had massive hurdles to overcome, i genuinely believe that this is finally last hurdle for them to cross to bring it to retail and now is the time for ilumi to take centre stage & be in the 'limelight' & really 'shine!'  (- pun intended!)
oh actually, correction - ilumi's bulbs are at 800 and 1100 lumens respectively.
ilumi offers a variety of light types to fit individual needs - phillips seems to be only offering one single type of bulb, and there's zero specs on it (how many lumens at full white?).   i wonder how many lumens ilumi's bulbs are.. they have no specs either.
what is the difference between your project and hue ( https://www.meethue.com ) which is already in the market place. i am a backer at the moment but i am now wandering what make your product better that what already exists. please highlight your plus points so i understand why its worth the wait? thanks in advances
hey john - sorry if we haven't answered that directly and glad you pointed it out more directly.  as we were preparing to move to the tooling and manufacturing stage to fulfill our promise to our indiegogo supporters, we knew we had extra capacity and could really use the extra support to help us get through it. now that we've blown past our goal, we're quickly moving into manufacturing to make and ship ilumi to both our indiegogo and kickstarter supporters.  we're all part of the ilumi nation now! does that help?
yes but you still haven't told us how you intend to deliver the product to kickstarter backers, considering you still owe products to hundreds of others from your 2 indiegogo campaigns.  how do you intend to keep your delivery schedules with this kickstarter campaign?  are you planning to ignore your previous backers from indiegogo and deliver to kickstarter backers first?  if not, how do you expect to meet these deadlines?  that's the big elephant in the room here.
@john - with all the transparency to all our backers we are excited to see kickstarter supporters helping us through the last steps. we have respectfully agreed and communicated about all the technology challenges faced in the past that caused lot of delays, fortunately they are behind us now and we are moving forward with every intention to fulfill the rewards. hope to gain your confidence and have your support someday soon! cheers
it should be worth noting that ilumi has only posted about their past funding history after being ousted here by others.  and they've also done some negativity scrubbing.   it's their 3rd funding round over 2 years and zero product to show for it, and they still owe their past backers a product.  i have no idea how they intend to fullfill those past obligations concurrently with kickstarter backers.  others have asked and the question was never answered.
& the party keeps on rocking! we're so appreciative and ecstatic about the supporters that continue to come on-board.  we've been really heads down this week refining out our plan for getting ilumi in your hands and that update with details will be coming out very soon. @amit - thanks for your support and glad to have the conversation. you can look back at our first update to get a history of ilumi so far including some of the challenges we've faced and how we've worked through them.  hopefully that along with the new updates we'll send out will bolster your confidence, but please do reach out if you have any other questions or concerns.  we're in th
i have already backed the project without verifying the dubious crowd-fundung history that you have. lot of people would back out of the project unless you are transparent enough to let us know the details on what blockers you have been facing and what have you done to remedy it.
@louis - we are working through the formal warranty and feel it would be couple of years, but can not commit anything as of now. in any case, we would always take care of our supporters. cheers
quick question. as stated your product is suppose to last about 20 years. what type of warranty program will you have?
@william - yes, ilumi are secured and random person would not be able to control ilumi. during the easy setup process app will generate identification key automatically and ilumi will store that in its memory preventing any unauthorized access.
is there any security to prevent some random person walking by from getting control of my lights.
getting close to doubling the goal! 400 backers and 50k in our sights ilumi nation! @john - computer control is a great idea and something that is 100% feasible.  we're narrowed in on the ios and android apps to begin with, but either with the sdk or future development we can look at some ways to do it.  we'll hold the idea for now. @kevin - we actually haven't tested it over airplay yet, i'll get back to you on that.  we have used some bluetooth wireless speakers which have worked well.  good question though. @trogdor - definitely, we're excited to share as a lot of it is pretty new and we're very excited about it. light on!
will there be a mac/pc app also? i would like to have a home set-up where the lights are linked to my computer instead of just my phone.
makes perfect sense, thanks for the answer. but am i able to play music through airplay and it will still sync and flash to the beat of the music?
i'm a very early bird par30 backer. is there a way to get a set of 2 at that price? or even a way to get a set of 2 at a normal early bird price? i don't need 3 :/
@ilumi -- i would love to see more details on the app before the project ends. sounds really cool!
hey generoso - great question and yes!  you are able to save any color selection to a favorites bar that's easily accessible in the app.  also, we're working on some great things you can do with scenes so that you could set up an entire look and feel, then save it, and replay at any time. sometime soon we'll reveal some more elements of the app itself.
concerns aside, if i was going to use this for creative photography, one major feature that would be key is the ability to save presets to be able to get back to an exact color i wanted after exploring some alternatives. guessing or getting in the same ballpark wouldn't be good enough. is this something that's already possible or in the works?
@kevin - yes, both types of ilumi have the full brain power included and can be used separately or together.  just to clarify, the proximity and geo-sensing is done via bluetooth proximity profiles, so you would need to have your phone on you to get the movement based features.  make sense? thanks for the question!
is there it a certain bulb or do both the a21 and par30 sync with my music playing, and track my movement and shut off automatically like in the video?
thanks for the info
woohoo!  cleared the 40k mark!  so excited for the amazing support. @kyle - great point.  we're actually pursuing ctuvus, which is an equivalent to ul but much quicker (& cheaper).  we are using an fcc certified module so fcc is easier as well.  we already have the testing plan in place and have started pre-certification testing on the new boards.  more to come in a larger update but certainly something we are on top of. cheers, corey
other light projects have hit snags with certifications like  ce, fcc and ul. do you already have these under control or will this burn into the delivery times?
hey mitchell,  that should work!  thanks for the support.
i pledged $79 par30 a few says ago. .  when you say shipping within the united states. i'm assuming that includes u. s. territories too.  having said that i did not include $20.  thanks.
hey ilumi nation!  it's been a crazy past few days.  sorry for not being as plugged in, but we've been working on some big things. we'll share in time, but for now..... thank you!!!  we are so thrilled with the support that in just a week we've had 309 new additions to the ilumi nation and already $35k pledged!  let's keep the momentum rolling. @the goodman - thank you @lars - love the wigwag team.  we're pretty focused right now with a tight window but we'll hold onto that idea and see where we can take it. have a bright day and live your light! -the ilumi team
we wish you the best of luck!
is it wigwag compatible? (http://kck.st/10w1kvc)
it's been a busy monday! so thrilled to see the support continued to come in! @trogdor - completely agree 100% @aaron - we're thinking about some things and open to ideas, but certainly focused on the core elements right now. @stephen - sorry to hear that.  stay connected as we'd love to have you re-join the ilumi nation!
i'm really nervous about this one after reading all the comments. sorry guys, but i may pull my pledge too.
@ilumi solutions: i know you're tossing around ideas, and are also really focused on just meeting deadlines (i can see you have a lot), but will there be stretch goals for this project?
imho whatever you do for the very early bird backers here with the 'special' bulb...you should do for the previous folks....only fair.
@mike, great question.  we're tossing around a few ideas but left it pretty ambiguous for now.  would love to hear some of your ideas though! thanks for the support!
thank you!  we are so thrilled with the tremendous support from you, the ilumi nation.  less than 4 days and we reached our goal! let there be light!!!!
i noticed under all the early bird pledges you used the word special. what exactly is the difference between the normal and the special version if anything?
it's funded!
getting really close ilumi nation!
lol - love all the new kickstarters from the greater dallas area - hopefully your inside information makes this a less risky bet.  here's hoping for a december 2013 ship date.
yay, excited for the bright road ahead and ilumi nation rocks!
hi sir please ship to me a21 & par30 i have pledge $ 148.00 thank you haitham albader
hey @john, the information on angel.co was meant for our accredited investors, and was not meant to be made public. but thanks for bringing it to our attention!
@orly - they shut down their angel.co account as soon as i mentioned it here.  i saved the page though ;)
hey @mikel, first, thanks for the continued support. we definitely appreciate that you've been with us from the beginning and will be sure to fulfill on our promise to you. in terms of android development, it's tricky with the recent update to ble on some android devices. our goal is to have full functionality for android by january with an understanding that there is a lot to work through to reach that goal. thanks again for all of your support, and remember to live your light!
hey i supported you guys on your last two crowd source  projects and yes while i have been frustrated with the set backs because i just want it asap but all i can do is wait. now with seeing december as the ship date for this project i just feel its unrealistic but would love to be proven wrong. a question i have is that when it does ship how many months after will it take to get an android app so we can have the full functionality of the ilumi?
thanks everyone for the continued support!  can't believe we broke $17k in less than two days.  you guys rock. @taylor and @piyush - thanks so much and welcome to the ilumi nation! @trogdor & @terry - our plan is to ship in december.  there's definitely still some big milestones ahead, but that's what we're lining things up for.
hey corey! the lightbulbs look amazing and i cannot wait to receive mine! i'm so happy to support you and your company on this. best of luck with the rest of the campaign!
@ilumi - i appreciate the responses. maybe it's just me but i'm sensing you need more than 25k and the date is still fuzzy. i've got time to wait for your roadmap/plan. lets see how it goes...
hey corey and team, i am one of your supporters from indiegogo and glad to see you guys here as well. i fully trust you and your team and understand the challenges that you might be going through in creating this intelligent lighting device... thanks for keeping us updated regularly...very eager to start using this product...
i meant @john proffer
@trogdor i clicked on the angel link and it does not work,  fyi the lifx project still hasn't delivered the product almost a year after the project has ended and they raised almost 1.5 million dollars
hi all this was put on the indiegogo page of ilumi in the comments..... " jake said 1 day ago just want to let people know, that were wondering, cory has been sending periodic updates to us, the original backers, via email. he has been transparent and informative in the updates. i had a few questions that were in the updates and he responded within a day with an answer for me. i am excited to get my bulbs because the anticipation is killing me, especially after seeing all the video updates with new features and functions. people looking at this from kickstarter can bid with confidence. and this... " jdriggers said 22 hours ago just started a kickstarter campaign for round #3. ok i feel not right about this,,,december,,i dont think so
raiman, john, and trogdor - all great comments and we definitely want you to ask the questions, so please keep them coming. - in terms of the schedule, it's based on a few different assumptions.  based on our previous funding and investment (from indiegogo, angels, and personal) we have enough to continue with certification and tooling, but after that we kind of run ourselves off a cliff.  we've also been working with avnet electronics to procure the components and time the delivery appropriately.  from a timing perspective, the actual manufacturing itself takes a few weeks, and that along with the component costs are the biggest expenses.  when those are due, we'll hopefully have the support of the kickstarter community come to fruition.  in addition, we're also continuing to work on further outside investment to further reduce our risk in moving forward aggressively with manufacturing and continue to build a great company behind ilumi.   - in terms of delivery in december, depending on how successful kickstarter goes (fingers crossed) there could be a couple of runs of production.  to answer your question, we are planning to use the kickstarter funds (if succesful) to manufacture and ship ilumi to the kickstarter community and our previous supporters.  does that help? - we'll work on putting together some more details of the plan to share here soon.  there is still some risk in the plan moving forward, but i think you all understand that.  if anything changes, we'll be sure to update everyone as soon as possible. thanks again for all the support and live your light!
just curious. i think it's fantastic, if not necessary to have a very positive outlook and drive when starting something new and revolutionary. you need it to push past all the negativity and make it all happen. i feel you guys have that. but do you realize that you're sacrificing an awful lot of potential support from people who just want a more detailed look at what you're doing and where you're at in the process? i think the majority of us here don't really care about a late delivery date. people who support innovative ideas aren't generally in a rush. so rather than brush off the people who are doubting you, why not just address all their concerns and answer their questions? they want to support you. they're giving you a chance by speaking out. if you can give answers to what they're looking for, your team will have a rock solid plan you can present to the world and probably increase your support by ten times or even more. even if it takes a week away from your work  and causes a delay to map it all out for everyone, not a single person will complain. it's a huge opportunity if you and your team are willing to take it. you can change an uphill battle to level one. hope you take that into consideration!
@john yup - big fan of transparency and clarity. i'm all for the little guy [wouldn't be here otherwise]. i hope the ilumi team can succeed....but gotta ask the questions!
trogdor - nice to see i'm not the only one here that's a bit skeptical, and looking for clarity.  the funding cycle runs though november 10th, and it normally takes the better park of two working weeks for the funding to transfer assuming a successful round. that means cory & co. will have access to this additional round of funding in late november best case - just don't see how that marries with the proposed time line.  throw thanksgiving and christmas into the mix, and the math gets even worse.
it's cool to see this project has brought in some new folks to the kickstarter community! -=- you had mentioned in a reply, " but yes, we're working to support and put ilumi into production for all backers." the ship date below each pledge level means very little to me because it is just a date. it provides no input or background data. i've reviewed available data here and other places and i'm looking for a clear and dry statement here that you are using this funding to build what has already been created and designed [as indicated by the front page of this project] and plan to ship by end of december to all backers. thanks!
it's going to be a bright day 2! thanks for all the support and we're excited for what's to come.  @john, yes, it's a tight schedule but we have a plan in place.  we've already started the pre-certification process and fcc isn't the big one since our bluetooth chip is already certified, ctuvus & ce will be the bigger ones. cheers and live your light!
good luck! you guys rock and your product is awesome.
cory - i'm sorry, it's a bad "john" day - i was curious if you were going to disclose your other funding... you have a very aggressive schedule - much tighter than the ones proposed and long past in the other campaigns - and yet you still believe that you can achieve mufti-discipline certifications in november... it hurts to be in this spot - i truly wish i could support this project, but i would feel like i'm doing it on the chance it makes the investment i made in your last campaign worth something. i'll hedge my bets here - your campaign runs through the dates you expect fcc certification - that would be a real show of faith if you managed to deliver that *before* this round of funding closes...
not much has changed with the light bulb  since its invention by thomas edison in the 19th century. i am so excited and proud to support ilumi, a company that will revolutionize the ligth bulb forever! i cannot wait to get my ilumi's :)
thanks everyone for an amazing day 1! we're now already half-way to our goal and stoked for what's ahead.  there's been a lot of lively conversation here, and we welcome it.  we've just sent out an update that goes into more details about our journey thus far that might help answer some questions.   @ john - appreciate you voicing your thoughts but hopeful you'll rejoin the nation.  keep an eye on things and hopefully you'll change your view.  we're in this heart, soul, and wallet! @trogdor - honestly, as i mentioned in the update we're continuing to raise outside funds to ensure we can not only deliver a great product but continue to support it for the long haul.  but yes, we're working to support and put ilumi into production for all backers. that's all for tonight and thank you again for all the support, tough questions, and excitement!   live your light!
great product! look forward to getting mine.  keep up the hard work ilumi
looks like a promising product. cannot wait to lay my hands on one.  actually would be a great christmas gift...
adding to my earlier comment: would the 25k+ be enough for you to ship to all backers...not just the 1st round and 2nd round, but all backers.....
hmm i backed this but after reading comments and doing some checks myself, i can't in good faith support this campaign.  it seems to me that you're quite possibly funneling funds into pr campaigns (http://ilumi.co/about/) instead of actual production. you've been a company with this product since 2010 and as far as i can tell, you have no product after 3 years. you've even got an angel.co page (https://angel.co/ilumi-solutions-1) which lists $362k funding in 2012 and 150k funding in 2013.  and yet you're bouncing around crowdfunding sites.  sorry but this smells like a scam
so let me get this straight... if you guys were building a house you'd have a 1st and 2nd mortgage and now you're coming here for a 3rd... if you get the 25+ large here....is that enough to actually ship or will there need to be a 4th mortgage? not trying to be mean or anything but i need some understanding here....
@john - you're exactly right about those being big milestones for ilumi. they really propelled us forward and thankfully we've had fantastic supporters that have been patient and involved as we've continued to work through development and even helping us spreading the word during this campaign. thank you as well for backing us and we'll certainly continue to try and be transparent and welcome the healthy dialogue. cheers
cory, guys - i did see your timeline, and it's what prompted the request for transparency.  you are missing a few key bits of information like : november 29, 2012 - january 03, 2013 (11:59pm pt) - accepted $34,252 from backers, still waiting to ship a product as of september 2013 january 06, 2013 - february 04, 2013 (11:59pm pt). - accepted $25,271 from backers via indiegogo, still no product shipped as of september 2013
woohoo!  over 100 backers and $10k pledged well within 10 hours of launch.  thank you so much to all of you who are now a proud part of the ilumi nation.  we're well on track to exceed our goal and super excited about what's to come next.   @john - challenge accepted! if you didn't see it, check out the timeline under the bright road ahead.
cory, guys - i have no doubt that getting a product to market is your goal, but it would be refreshing to have a bit more transparency on your part.  a gant chart showing tasks to delivery would be stunning, and it would be great if you included budgetary constraints as well. i'll be the first to say i will 100% pull backing from here if i don't get the warm and fuzzy that you are actually delivering on your "transparency" promise....
hey korey - thanks for the comment. we feel confident in our ship dates in december, but as you fully know there's still quite a bit of work to be done.  the good news is we've already worked through a substantial amount of the technology and manufacturing risk.  one of the big things we found in our second prototype related to a thermal issue that delayed shipment originally.  we've now addressed that issue and have the new designs ready to go.  in terms of potential risks, certification will be a big step, which we're fast approaching.  we'll continue to work hard through any issues and communicate with all our supporters.  trust us that we want nothing more than to put ilumi in your hands, that's where the magic happens.
very interesting to go see the campaign on the other site and read the comments-- i'm a bit apprehensive now we won't get this product by estimated delivery date. great idea but seems very optimistic that delivery will occur in the next couple of months if indeed this team is behind the 8 ball as many have expressed.
hey terry, glad to have the targeted feedback!  since the indiegogo campaign we've sent out a number of e-mails and updates as we've worked through development.  so far, we've been able to dive into a deep update about every month or so.  we moved to e-mail rather than posting updates directly to indiegogo because the indiegogo platform didn't allow us to share many of the pictures and videos of our progress.  we've worked through a number of challenges with ilumi so far and are now right at the cusp of finishing things off and delivering on our promise to our indiegogo supporters.  so, the good news is the difficult part is behind us.  we know that with the kickstarter community support, we'll not only be able to build an amazing product, but one that you'll enjoy for a long time.  hope that helps!
how can i purchase 3 par30 lights at the early bird price of 69?
ok here is what i see.. on your indiegogo campaign .. 1. last update ... 6 months ago 2. last comment.....2 months ago 3. have you shipped any lights to your backers yet ? so i back you here and then what,,, will you do the same on the updates and comments.. delays how long ? i dont mean to go on but ,,,your record on crowd funding sites is not the best http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs-continued/x/1901299 http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs--5/x/1901299 ok i see you just put a comment on your idiegogo pages,,how about a update here and on indiegogo to let us know whats going on thanks
hey john - yeah, it's a little bit out of the normal, but such is the life of a new tech company!  we've been working hard to bring ilumi to light and our early supporters on indiegogo are a big reason for the progress we've made. we're now at a point where we have the designs finished and need to undertake the tooling and manufacturing process.  the support of the kickstarter community will help us accelerate through these last steps and continue to grow an already fantastic ilumi nation.  hope that helps clear things up and appreciate the question!
hey ilumi - so how is this supposed to work?  you got your targeted $25k to deliver a product that you still have not shipped, and now you are ask for more money and more commitment via a competing crowd funding platform?!  your 52 day kickstart campaign pushes you well past your late delivery date for the indego campaign doesn't it?
@terry, thanks for reaching out and great question.  we had success with our indiegogo campaign and have fantastic supporters already behind ilumi.  we've kept in close communication with our supporters via e-mail, so the indiegogo page isn't really up to date.  we've worked through some challenges with development and our timeline but are now on the home stretch.  we're now reaching out to the kickstarter community to accelerate us through the final stages and help grow the ilumi nation so that we can create the future of lighting!
ok i have one question what happened in the indiegogo project ? http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/ilumi-the-world-s-most-intelligent-light-bulbs-continued/x/1901299… looks like people are not happy there
and we are off... so excited about the next 52 days! feel free to ask if you have any questions or comments. thank you and live your light!
