every body at work wants one - what an awesome product.  i am going to have to order more soon!  can't wait to see new flavors!
you guys and gal did great. very happy with your final product and i hope to see your product in the store soon (or on amazon). thank you and the best of luck.
just got my box. fantastic! i passed around the bars to my family and my parents love it, cousins love it and i love it. i'm impressed for sure.
my boyfriend has become addicted to these. oops. love that they're vegan and peanut/walnut free, so he can eat them. i'd adore a macchiato flavor, or cappuccino, something that's a little bit less sweet. but totally ordering more soon... if he knew where i hid them, he would have already finished the box! ;)
i've had the bars for almost a week now and i've just realized i need to get more soon, since two coffee-drinkers in the house have become coffee-eaters. we're totally hooked! looking forward to buying more boxes, and to trying out new flavors. fantastic job, guys!
@steven licata woohoo! glad to hear you enjoyed the bars, and we can't wait to get you all some new flavors to keep on exploring! any in mind?? - ngf team
just had my 1st bar. awesome. great tasting. i'm in if you do more flavors!
@ mark, dominic, and estevon, thank you so much for the awesome feedback! we are so happy that you are all enjoying your coffeebars. #eatyourcoffee - ngf team
got the shipment yesterday; i had one of the bars last night it was full of caffeine can't wait to use the others actually during work. thank for everything!
got my bars yesterday, much earlier than i thought i would. they taste great, awesome work folks!
@susan wahling: thanks for the kind words! we look forward to keeping you energized in a healthy and delicious way! - ngf team
these *are* good - and i am not a coffee drinker at all , i just like food kickstarters. was originally planning on bringing them into work and offering them to the coffee addicted ones in my office  . . . . but they might actually be *too good* to share, if you know what i mean. great job guys!
my bars came yesterday - they are delicious!!!! worth the wait - ready to order more already!
@ amanda! i am glad you enjoyed the coffeebars! feel free to send feedback to info@newgroundsfood.com or post on our facebook page! - ali
just got my bars, these are absolutely delicious. thank you!
just wondering if anyone got their bars yet??
hi. just checking in. was wondering how the production is going.
the link won't work for me.
you guys are awesome!! can't wait to try the bars!!
hey steven, sorry for the bug with backerkit. i just checked, and all your info is set. thanks again for the support steven! - ali  new grounds food
the website keeps getting stuck on step 2. will not allow me to go to shipping. i do not want any add ons.
be sure to fill out your backerkit surveys before december 1st!!
hey william,  we have started r&d for new flavors. we will be testing and launching in 2015. stay tuned :)
have you started on any new flavors bars? i hope to get try the coffee bars soon.
wow! congratulations and i'm looking forward to trying the coffee bars. the one fear? a new addiction!
congratulations, new grounds food. ali and johnny , and coffee bar team.  from pledge of 10,000 goal you were able to do 44,109 that is truly awesome just like your coffee bars delicious and must eat everyday.
i am so proud of you johnny & ali. best of luck in the future.
can't wait to try it, i am sure this will become my new obsession!
looks absolutely delicious. backed!
this is a great idea :) good work, ali!
@sully: @newgroundsfood
what is your twitter handle?
hey guys, great idea! i intend to use them to boost myself prior to my workouts - i like the fact that you use all natural ingredients. thumbs up and regards from germany! *pledged*
i love that these are vegan! when i saw that i had to pledge :d
great idea! just pledged and i'm gave you guys a shout out on our facebook page! 13,000 fans! any love back would be appreciated. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1496222362/the-grenade-9-degree-proven-to-outperform
i think you have a chance... http://www.shopify.com/blog/15438645-announcing-the-5th-shopify-build-a-business-competition
i had the opportunity to try some samples at a group meetup here in boston, wow and i love it immediately, couldn't help getting more.
congratulations ,new grounds food coffee bars creator ali and johnny , and team josh. extremely delicious , must have thing in each house, office, school , gym every where. good luck and tons of best wishes.
very proud advisor! congrats and well done!
congrats yayyyyy
congratulations on the terrific kickstarter and promotional campaign, josh! these will make great christmas stocking stuffers ( who doesn't need some caffeine on christmas morning?) - that is, if i don't eat them first!
such a great idea! go coffee bars!
such a great idea! go coffee bars!
@paul - the december 2015 was a typo and was meant to be 2014. we realized it after we posted, and unfortunately, since we already went live, we weren't able to change it. you can expect your box of coffeebars at the same time as any of the other boxes of coffeebars. sorry for the confusion!
i'm assuming that the "estimated delivery:  dec 2015" for the $25 level is a typo!  i don't want to wait that long.  :-)
will be waiting to see the coffee bars in stores near us. good luck with your venture!
incredible product, worth every bite and support.
this is awesome!!  it's delicious.  so proud of you red (josh) :):)!!
@rafael - thank you for supporting us all the way from brazil! can't wait for you to get a taste of our coffeebars. as for shelf life, our bars currently last around 6-8 months, but final tests are being done now to get an exact length of time. thank you again for all of the support, and spread the word!
@new grounds food - hey! how's everything? really glad to back this and to be able to try great product. what is the expectation of the expiration date of each coffeebar or how long can i store them in my shelf? and you will accept international orders on your site? thanks for your time and attention! good luck and success! cheers!
as a coffeebar beta tester, i can proudly say that these are the best things since sliced bread. so proud of you johnny (and ali)! good luck!
