omni, sorry to hear that! we'll send you a message and get this sorted out right away. -eric
hey guys. i got my expansion, but i never received the base game. sorry it took so long to let you know about this; i got back from a study abroad program recently.
lowren, thanks for your comment. you should have received your bonus cards by now! we'll message you directly and sort things out. you'll have your bonus cards soon! -eric
hello! it's good to see you are still answering the backers so quickly, like you did with me when i had an address issue. i tried the game with some friends, it's really cool! now i received my game, i was wondering if i will receive my bonus cards soon (i am a 40$ backer). is it normal that i didn't received it or is there a shipping issue? thank you!
linfalgamo - sorry to hear that you haven't gotten your game yet! you should have it by now so there seems to be some problem in the shipping process. we'll send you a private message pronto so that we can confirm your address and get this sorted out.
i'm curious if the signed copies are still in process, or if they have already been shipped. i'm very excited to try the game, but i haven't seen it appear on my doorstep yet.
it arrived today in brisbane, australia! just in time for the queen's birthday long weekend. can't wait to play it.
carlo, great to hear you enjoyed the metagame. we *will* be releasing our first two expansion sets for sale later this year - and announcing a new one as well. stay tuned!
hey guys.. finally got it today and had a fun lunchbreak war with my coworkers! i only got the one expansion (sci-fi) but i am curious to know if there are more expansions (the space for the expansion cards is pretty big) and how can i get em.. thanks :d
dominic, good question! it turns out that 63 of our backers were from australia. hopefully there will be more aussie fans of the metagame to come.
hi guys! can't wait to receive my copy in australia. would it be possible to share how many australian backers there were?
martin, we'll send you a direct message and get this sorted out right away.
hi, i backed at the $40 level but there may have been some mix up. i only received one expansion and i don't seem to have anything signed. i'm not sure what has happened as the pledge on the main page says i was at the $20 level but i definitely pledged the full $50 for the $40 level +shipping. i also sent a message about this shortly after the campaign had completed. can you help? thanks.
andru, great to hear that you and your friends enjoyed the game. we hope to announce some worldwide purchasing options in the very near future, so stay tuned!
so finally got my game thru today in sheffield, england and played a round of metaquilt tonight with some friends.... and we all loved it! so good! cards and box are a really nice quality and love the many ways to play! my friends now are wanting to know if it will be on sale in the uk so they can get their hands on it too!
danny - sorry to hear that! you should have gotten your game by now - it's possible that there was some kind of problem in the mail. we'll message you about this so that you can confirm your address and we'll definitely get it sorted it out! - local no. 12
i also wasn't sure where to go because i never received my base game.  i got my expansion and patiently waited to see if maybe it was just going to arrive seperately as the email stated, but its definitely been over a month and now that i see its not just me i wanted to get in touch with you guys.
nana, thanks for your comment. sorry to hear you haven't gotten your game. we'll send you a direct message and figure this out. -local no. 12
hey! i'm a $25 backer and i never received my deck :( not sure if it got lost in the mail or it was never sent out? any way to figure this out?
allan, good question. we saved money shipping the games to our uk international distributor - on an actual ship! ocean shipping (as opposed to air) took extra time. so that's part of the answer. we also had some unexpected paperwork-based customs delays as the games were crossing international borders. it was very frustrating, but palettes of the games sat waiting while there was nothing we could do about it. the good news is that we are through all of those hurdles. the ship has arrived, the paperwork has gone through, and you will be getting your game very soon. thanks for your patience and your support!
hi while i am glad they are on their way the shipping option causing delays only applies after you have actually shipped them. why did it take so long to actually start to ship the international orders?
carlo, thanks for your note. at the risk of repeating myself, i'll quote from our response to allen from a few days ago. we are glad you are so eager to get the game in your hands. they are definitely on their way! i hope this explains things. thanks so much for your support. we never could have made the game without you! -eric "the good news is that the international games are definitely on their way. however, it will likely be a few more weeks before all of them get to their destinations. the reason for the long timeframe is that when we arranged for non-us shipping, we did everything we did to save our backers money. (many kickstarters charge double or more what we did to ship similar-sized packages.) however, the flip side is that the cheaper shipping options take more time. so thanks for your patience. if it is any consolation, the game is not yet available outside the us, so when it arrives it will still be a very rare item (in the uk in your case). and for the time being *no one* has access to the expansion sets outside of our backers - so you can gloat about those special rewards to your game-loving friends."
hey guys, its been a bit over a month or so and i havent recieved my deck yet.. i live in canada.. any news on when its going to come??
lowren, thanks for your note. we'll send you a message and sort this out so that we can get you your bonus cards right away.
i am a $40 backer (with 5 bonus cards) and i read that i am supposed to receive those five cards separately from the deck. but i still haven't receive them yet, so i was wondering if it's normal. for information i live in japan. thank you!
william, thanks for the comment. as we mentioned to allan in our response just below, the games are en route. the shipment is scheduled to arrive at our international distributor in a just few days. the good news is that our distributor is based in the uk, so in your case hopefully the games will be in your hands soon after that - however at the moment we can't give you an exact date. hope that helps!  -eric
still no metagame here in the uk, 13 months and counting...  will there be a tracking number or similar at any point so i can work out when this might actually arrive?
allan, thanks for your note. the good news is that the international games are definitely on their way. however, it will likely be a few more weeks before all of them get to their destinations. the reason for the long timeframe is that when we arranged for non-us shipping, we did everything we did to save our backers money. (many kickstarters charge double or more what we did to ship similar-sized packages.) however, the flip side is that the cheaper shipping options take more time. so thanks for your patience. if it is any consolation, the game is not yet available outside the us, so when it arrives it will still be a very rare item (in the uk in your case). and for the time being *no one* has access to the expansion sets outside of our backers - so you can gloat about those special rewards to your game-loving friends. i hope this explains things. thanks so much for your support. we never could have made the game without you!
still no sign of the game. are the non us games actually on their way?
wohoooo, i've just got my game, and it seems i don't have to pay customs or vat, awesome :) i did not mind waiting that long, and i'm really glad that it has finally arrived. thanks colleen, john and eric!
william, thanks for the note and your patience. you are based outside the us, and those decks are on their way now - but they are taking longer to ship than orders inside the us. currently the metagame is not available for sale outside the us. hope that answers your questions.  -local no. 12
daron, thanks for the message. on your survey, you selected the "i do not mind waiting up to an extra month in order to get a signed deck" - the signed decks did take longer to ship because they had to travel the extra leg to brooklyn to get signed. at this point, almost all of the us-based signed decks have been received by backers. expect yours any day now. thanks! -local no. 12
neil, thanks for your comment. we will send you your extra expansion set. -eric
i too am still not in possession of my deck. defo could have just waiting a year and bought on amazon. not a happy bunny.
not sure if this is the place, but i have yet to receive my deck, is there a tracking number to check the status? thanks!
here's a copy of a message i had with colleen in november of last year. hope this clears things up. neil day nov 6, 2014 if i pledged $35 (early bird & extra deck) i am going to get both sci fi & film decks...correct? that's what post #20 says. if not, i'd like my $15 back or if so can you verify & perhaps post a follow up to reassure early birds who paid an extra 15 they will get both add on decks? thanks. colleen m, john s, & eric z nov 11, 2014 hi neil, this is correct - thanks for pointing this out. we will be sending you both expansions! -colleen, local no. 12
yeah, i was kind of figuring that's what happened....but if you dig a little deeper to what i paid vs my pledge level, you'll see i paid $35.00.  $20 for the early bird & $15 for the extra deck.
neil, thanks for your note. yes, the expansions have all been sent out. at your level of support, you will be receiving only one of the expansions (the one you selected through the kickstarter backer survey). if you want the other expansion, they are not yet available to the public (only our backers have access to them for the time being) but they will go on sale later this year. thanks for your support and hope you have been enjoying the game! -eric
matt, thanks for your note. you decided to receive a signed copy of the game, and those did take slightly longer to ship (because they had to travel to brooklyn to get signed before they were sent out). we know that most of the signed copies have reached their destinations. you should be receiving it in the next few days. thanks for your support and enjoy the game! -eric
xhafer, thanks for your note - and sorry you haven't received your game yet! it's strange to hear that fedex was involved in your delivery - we didn't use fedex and only worked with the us post office for us deliveries. please email us at info@localno12.com and we'll get to the bottom of this for you. thanks! -eric
trevnotronik, sorry to hear that your box was a little dirty! we have heard this from a few other backers, and it seems to be some dust that got onto the boxes from the printer. try wiping it off with a slightly damp cloth or paper towel - it should do the trick! -eric
erin, thanks for your comment. if your game had a damaged card, let us know which one it is and we'll be happy to send you a replacement! if you can, send a picture of the damaged card to info@localno12.com so that we can figure out any issues with our printer. thanks! -eric
i got the core game and sci fi expansion in separate shipments from amazon. hopefully the other expansion (film 101?) will be shipped soon.
still no sign of mine in the uk. i wonder if amazon buyers have theirs?
hi all. do you have any tracking information for the shipments? i live in oregon and haven't received mine yet, so i just wanted to find out if there's a way to track it and make sure it didn't get lost. looking forward to playing. thanks!
mine has arrived (base set, both expansions and 5 card set) in ontario, canada. all shipped in one box. looks good, only complaint (besides the delay) is that the base set  box is very dirty. cards look nice and no duplicates that i have found yet.
did the packages ship with insurance? fedex handed mine off to usps who claims to have delivered it but they didn't and usps has told me there's nothing they can do.
i got it and it came with the expansions. however, a card inside of the box had a slice down the middle and two cards bent easily and actually creased while shuffling for the first time. i don't recommend riffle shuffling, these appear to be a cardstock that errs towards cardboard-esque. i now do a gentle corner riffle, taking care not to bend the cards at all. no more casualties.
finally, i got it today! woo-hoo!
i got mine with expansions.
got the core game and expansions. looks great. going to be playing it this weekend!
hi brian- the expansions shipping separately started shipping last night, so yours should be on the way soon. john  local no. 12
received my game - no expansion yet, hope it arrives soon!
savannah & matthew, thanks for letting us know - we're following up with you via private messages. to anyone that has physical problems with the game you received, the best way to reach us is to send an email to info@localno12.com. thanks!
just to follow up, i've gone through my deck and it has 61 duplicate culture cards. no duplicates among the opinion cards.
my deck has several duplicate culture cards in it. let me know what can be done.
received my game today! love it but the box was damaged along one of its seams and a few of the cards seem to have printing/cutting errors.
received today. very cool! thank you!
gaelen, thanks for your comment. we are also looking forward to getting the game into the hands of our backers. we are thinking about holding a launch event in the nyc area, and we'll let our backers know about that. in the meantime, the quickest way to get you the game will be through the mail. but thanks for offering to pick it up! - local no. 12
this is very exciting news!! what a gift at the end of this long dreary winter. congratulations!! i'd be happy to pick up my signed copy in person -- bk or d12 or wherever -- if that works for you all. or, a celebratory drink seems in order, if there's a possibility in all of our busy schedules!
hi carlo- we're excited to have the decks on their way, too. and we think you'll love the game—it turned out better than we imagined. all international orders are going through the uk, including canada. amazon.ca is a separate company from amazon.com, so weren't able to use the same delivery method to get decks to canada and mexico that we are for u.s. backers. - john local no. 12
as a backer, im glad to see that shipping is out. i noticed that there are only details about shipping in the states and the uk? what are the options for shipping to canada? cant wait to get the game and start playing :d..
hi alvaro- things are coming along slowly but surely. we just sent a backer-only update with some exciting details.
how are things progressing?
this game better be impressive in gameplay and/or quality after a year long delay. i can't really understand a delay of this length for a card game. at this point, i'm just waiting to shelve this game as i've lost any excitement i've had for it.
as much as a support this project, i am shocked that it is officially a year late. it really saddens me. i hope i get this within the next few weeks. i hope everyone does.
hi allan- i think it ought to be safe to plan around giving the metagame as a holiday gift, yes. thanks for your patience. john, local no. 12
so here we are in the last week of february 2015, any idea of when you are likely to ship? can i plan it as a christmas presents for 2015?
krisztina,  thanks for the note. we are working with an international shipper who is going to work to minimize vat and other fees for our backers. we'll try our best to keep your costs down!
@ colleen m, john s, & eric z - i also sincerely ask you to label the packages with the value of not more than around 40 usd, otherwise i will have to pay a lot of money (customs, vat, administration fee). thanks in advance!
hey all, we'll be posting another official update soon, but if you follow us on facebook you may have seen that we've been on press: https://www.facebook.com/the.metagame.game. so things are moving along! we can't give a ship estimate until all the decks are printed and mailed from the printer to us, but we will will be keeping you posted along the way. thanks!
any updates? it has been a month since you asked for addresses and it is 10 months past your estimated delivery date of march 2014.
are you all still alive?
we are past the other side of 2014, please tell us exactly when you will be shipping?
waiting for the game, waiting for the game...
back in the beginning of november i said i wanted to get my copy as soon as possible, but at this point time has lost all meaning and i want the signed copy i pledged for. given that there are more than 500 of us at that pledge level i might not be the only one whose mind has changed...
most of the time, i don't remember that i backed this project.
does anybody even care about this game anymore? i might just place it directly into the trash when i get it.
please make sure to properly label (and differentiate between) product and shipping costs for international backers. we can get hit with higher import taxes if you don't. it'd probably be ideal if you could indicate the value as being the production cost, but i think that whether or not you can do that depends on several variables i don't fully understand. thanks!
just filled out the survey, feeling pumped for this game!
i am going to be flabbergasted if i ever get this game.
hi all, if you sent us a message you should have heard back. if you have any special requests, please use the message feature or email us so we can keep track of everything! one update, we will definitely be sending both expansions to all early birds at the $35 level (or $45 with added international shipping if relevant). also, it is highly unlikely that decks will be in your hands by christmas – but we do have something planned for backers to enjoy for the holidays... more on that soon! john, eric and colleen, local no. 12
i too am having trouble getting through to them via email. check your inbox, local no. 12!
any early birds pay the extra $15 to get both bonus decks? ($20 +$15 = $35) see post #20. i was baffled to only have one choice of add one deck in the survey. i emailed them about this for clarification but have not heard back. i'd like to get what i'm paying for or a refund of the difference if i can only get one add on deck.
i can't wait to have the game in my hands! i already have the video game edition and i had so much fun with it. would be so nice to have the game for christmas holidays :)
i second ralph' excellent idea below. i want to bring the game home for the holidays so i don't feel like waiting an extra month but still would appreciate a (paid for) signed item from the creators of a really fun game.
hey guys! thanks for sending the survey! i assumed since i donated 50$ and pledged at the 25$ level i could get 2 copies of the game. i've done this with previous kickstarters so i assumed i would be able to do that in yours. theres no option in the survey though. is it only possible to get one copy of the game, regardless of donation amount? thanks for any info on this :}
hi, can't wait for the new game! could you please tell me how i arrange to have it shipped outside of the us?
there was no place to leave a comment on your survey regarding the signed copy of the game so i will post it here: here's a thought of what you can do to satisfy those of us who pledged to get a signed copy of the game: what if you send the game out now and follow up in a month by sending a metagame card with the designer signatures? it would take you two decks of cards, postage and a small envelope for the 500+ backers who paid for this privilege. that would be better than your proposal for us to take it unsigned now or wait for another month (or more) for the signed copy.
if not for the survey, i had pretty much given up on seeing this project. i'm glad to hear that it is starting to move forward, but those large gaps in communication were disheartening. i've waited this long already, i guess i can wait longer for the signed copy i pledged for.
hey guys - thanks for the feedback. we're gearing up for the launch of the game, so you'll definitely be seeing more updates from us. we'll also do more frequent, short updates instead of the digests we've been sending in the past. cheers, colleen, john and eric, local no. 12
your updates can hardly be classified as 'regular'. there has only been seven updates since the beginning of this year. by now, the project is more than eight months overdue - and you have yet to provide us with a realistic time table for the completion of production and subsequent shipping. no wonder that we as backers are getting worried!
at one point there was two months between updates, and then a month and a half, and that was well after the promised delivery date. i have another project i backed at the same time that i still haven't received, but i'm not worried about that one because he is sending out weekly or at least bi-monthly updates. he is showing and sharing details and setbacks. anyway, i emailed you.
hey mallory, the playtest was behind the paywall at the event, so we didn't publicize it except to festival ticket holders. we just didn't think promoting a playtest that people would have to pay for seemed right. we're happy to talk if you want to, just email us at info at localno12.com. our updates have been regular and we're pushing to the finish line and announcing a date for the decks to be printed and at your door. thanks for being patient with us.
i live twenty minutes from culver, it would have been nice if you had let locals know via kickstarter that we could come play the game, maybe talk with you, alleviate some of our fears and dismay. four weeks between updates on a game that was funded nearly a year ago is absurd and i would sincerely like my money back.
i will be on the lookout for the update.  thanks for the information.  the surveys do have an edit feature (until it is locked) for backers to update their information.
hi all, we're going to send out an update with a timeline as soon as we can reliably do so. we don't want to make the same mistake we made in our first estimation, so we're waiting until we can give you solid dates. that said, we're working every day on the final details, and we want this game out in the world more than anyone! as far as a survey, we also don't want to pull the trigger too soon. we are only allowed to do one survey via ks and that's it. as you can imagine with almost 2,000 backers, we want to make sure we are getting updated addresses very close to the mailing date so we can avoid shipping to old addresses. we do have some good news to convey, including the metagame being an official selection at indiecade, the "sundance of games" and more, so look out for an update in the next day or two. cheers, -colleen, john and eric
i agree with erin's ideas.  please let us have an official update telling us a timeline, or send out our games (or a survey?), and let us know that they are being shipped.
maybe explain a little of the actual process you guys are experiencing. hearing "we're working on getting it printed" doesn't really reassure me when that should have happened in january or february and this is october. who are you working with, what is holding them up? what's holding the project up? i want to be on your side, especially since i happily invested in your concept. maybe bring us in on the process so we can feel more invested again?
i feel like the urgency that should surround this project is a little lacking. i sure hope you guys are as invested in the project as we all are/were in 2013. this is worryingly one of two kickstarters i backed in 2013 (out of about 15) which hasn't even requested an address. that sure is worrying! i've actually gotten most of them. i've gotten every single game i backed that year, and the only other kickstarter which hasn't delivered is a piece of technology attempting to redefine their industry, and they release weekly updates and even share for free the technology they use to advance the project (go peachy printer go)... but this is a card game. i have gotten board games from 2013 already. i think we passed my worry point sometime a month ago when your last update didn't conclusively make me feel like i was getting the finished product. any concrete updates on when we can expect to hold these things in our hands?
hey richard, jorge -- we are hoping to have an update verrrry soon. jorge: all the pics we've been showing are physical prototypes. have you seen the updates?
any chance of an update on the timeline?
hi. any chance of us seeing the physical prototype?
hey all, we're in the final stages in the lead up to printing and should be able to give you an update soon. we know we gravely underestimated how long it would take to get the decks produced, but we've been spending the time to make this a really well-made game with top-notch quality materials and we know you're going to love the results.
i'm all about getting a refund as well
i too would very much welcome an update. is it to late to ask for a refund btw?
any news? been a while since theast update...
almost a month since the last update. how's it coming along?
good idea guys :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2093152267/the-metagame-discuss/posts/960637
i second that motion!
it would be nice to get an update as this is now many months late. just a progress update would be nice, at least. the responses in comments don't go out to everyone, and i really wish i didn't have to search so much to find out what happened. i get that this is harder and more time consuming than imagined, but just an update a month would be nice.
the videogame edition that is
while i'm waiting, does anybode (if anyone happens to read this) have suggestions for stores, online or otherwise, that can print and cut out the pdf version of this game for me?
since you are working on the final art for the box i presume you have a new name? what is it?
is there an eta on the shipping date? i'm eager to play.
hi guys, we're working on final art for the box and more, and will send an update out as soon as we can. thanks for your support and patience!
just want to reiterate both of the previous comments. would love an eta please.
it has been over a month since the last update. keeping your backers informed would be a good idea.
sooo... any news regarding the estimated date of delivery?
hey c-j and paul, we're hoping to have answers to both of your questions soon... but don;t have an answer right now. keep an eye out for updates. we're working away and eager to get this game into your hands. best, l12
can you give us a better timeline on when we might start seeing them in our mailboxes? i am hoping to wrap it for a christmas present.
so...what's the status with the game? how about the title?
hey jim! yep -- we know it's been a while and we're planning an update very soon! we're at work on the deck, some exciting new games you can play with it, and more. keep an eye out! thanks for backing the project! _colleen, local no. 12
it's been almost a month since the last comment/update from the creators. don't mind being patient, but would love to hear a status report.
hey all, first off, sorry we lost track of the comments -- we weren't getting notifications when comments were posted for a variety of reasons, but we're back on track now. a couple of answers to your frequently asked questions: how do i change my mailing address?  if your address has changed, don't worry about sending it to us now -- we will be sending out a survey once we're closer to mailing out decks which will allow you to update your address. when will i get my deck? we don't have a date yet, and don't want to guess on one (that didn't do us much good the first time!) we're working hard on the final card details, rules writing, and the myriad of little details that we think will make this a great game. once that's all done there are other factors that may delay things, from working with a foreign printer (customs, shipping, etc) to simply hand mailing each deck to over 1,500 backers. we really want to get this game in your hands, as much as your hands want this game, believe us! print and play? to all backers we sent an update with a link to the print and play beta deck. take a look at the update from april 14th for the link to download the pdf. how do i change reward tiers? the best thing to do in this case is message us directly with what you're thinking. we'll try to make it work. how do i get more decks? we're currently taking down info for pre-orders here, on shoplocket: https://www.shoplocket.com/products/pegst-the-metagame note that the site takes your payment info, but doesn't charge you until the deck has been put in the mail. phew -- that's it for now. thanks for supporting us and being patient while we make the metagame awesome. -colleen/john/eric, local no. 12
oh, wow! i didn't see the update that said the release was pushed back! bummer.
hi colleen/john/eric! i moved to bc from toronto in the last few months... i need to update my mailing address for when my copy of the metagame ships in july... how do i do this/who do i need to contact?? thank you
played for the 1st time with the print and play deck this past weekend.lots of fun! i donated at the$25 level but want to get the expansion packs. is that still possible? how do i make that happen. thanks!
hmm that's disappointing, july.
the last update (feb 13) mentioned that the release date has been moved to july.
havent seen an update in a while. are we on track to receive the decks in march?
hey guys! super excited about the game! i was curious, did you send out a backer survey at all yet? i donated $50 with the hopes of getting two copies at the $25 donation level. is that at all still a possibility, or will i only get one game despite paying double?
any updates on the print-and-play version? (may have missed it)
hey there! we're finalizing things with the printer, and will be updating soon!
any updates?
recently saw this game played on an episode of table flip on polaris.  can't wait to play this.
hi ryan - the $20 - to $35 upgrade does not include the bonus cards, unfortunately. those were only available to the $40 and above tiers.
will i be able to upgrade my early adopter pledge to the $40 one which includes the ks exclusives and 2 expansions?
hello, was curious. i was early adopter for 20. i pledged 35 for an extra expansion. technically the bonus pack is at 40$ level but i was wondering if in my scenario i would still recieve it. i didnt even think about it until the campaign ended. or is that a level by itself?
i'm so excited!!! congrats again!!
hi ashley- the print-and-play version of the main deck will be ready in january, while the shrink-wrapped decks in the spring.
very much looking forward to playing this at the next family function? does anyone know when it'll be ready?
one more thing ryan -  we're updating the voting tally on the project page every few minutes, so keep an eye on that. film 101 and classic games are just a few votes apart!
hi ryan- we won't know which two expansions for sure until the campaign closes, as people will be pledging right up to the end, with votes coming in after that.
do we know what the 2 expansions will be?
hi maximilian- we are not planning to release the expansions as pnp, at least not anytime soon. they will just be available in the printed form.
will the expansions be available for the print-and-play backers as a download? i've asked this before you guys reached your goal (congrats) but i'd really like to know if there's a chance to get them that way.
hey marvin! you've got it right. you're still saving $5 over other backers, so we're not sure why it's a waste, but if you want the bonus cards and the signed deck, you will need to make a $40 pledge. ultimately everyone is still getting a free expansion, so we all win in the end!
kinda feels like the early adopter game is a waste if you want the 2nd expansion. $35 for the set and both expansions vs $40 for the same thing plus the 5 ks exclusive cards? am i understanding that right?
awww -- thanks sean! we feel the love! and thanks, r7kicked, for helping irina! yay community!
eager to play this with my friends, so thanks for giving me something to look forward to.
irina, check update 16 for the link :-)
hi, don't think i got voting link in the email? is it possible to publish it somewhere in kickstarter page?
please give us frequent updates on the second expansion pack as the deadline approaches - i'll likely change my pledge based on whether film or games gets the second spot.
hi ryan- when we hit the second stretch (it's going to happen, right?), then early birds can get it by increasing their pledge by $15, then you'll get the second expansion. make sure to message us if you decide to do it! - john
when we hit the goal for the 2nd expansion, will there be a way for supporters to upgrade to the new tier without abandoning the early bird tier?
thank you carol -- it is something that we aspire to as game designers. creating conflict where there shouldn't be any, and turning everyone against each other! :) -colleen
gotta tell you folks - i was interested in the game as soon as i saw it, but what took me over the edge and made me click the button was colleen's last line in the video: make your best friends your biggest enemies (or close to that anyway).  looking forward to the game.
thanks alvaro - we couldn't do it without you guys!!
happy for been your backer!
hi laurie, glad you like the game. if you are a backer at the $20 early bird or $25 and above levels, you should have received a link to the voting in a message from us. did you not receive one?
hi - how can i vote for my favorite expansion deck? (i'm hoping for voting for sci-fi, but also rooting for film). great product, folks!
thanks andru. have you printed out the print-and-play minideck?
propa excited to play this!
thanks trevor. we're definitely doing best we can to reach out. we think that first expansion is within reach, no doubt!
oh man, so close but so little time left. i have been doing my best to promote this to my social circles. it would be awesome if you guys reached that first stretch goal (and for us backers too).
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi maximilian- that's a great idea, doing print-and-play with the expansions. since we haven't reached the stretch goals, all the expansions are still in the planning stages. the stretch goals are funding the illustration and production of those sets, so for now, they remain twinkles in our eyes.
will the expansion also be available as a print and play to the $1 backers or is this exclusive for the actual card game? best of luck - can't wait to print and try it out soon :)
congratulations! super excited to play this. really happy for you.
thanks for the clarification :-)
oops, that is a mistake in the sidebar. the joystick jockey tier includes: the videogame edition of the metagame and the videogame expansion set, signed by the designers - plus a poster featuring all of the videogame edition art. and you get the bonus pack awards too. sorry for the confusion, everyone.
i'm thinking that 2
thomas, i think it's a typo. the description on main page said bonus pack, rather than collectors pack, is included with joystick jockey.
ok so from what i understand the new joystick jockey gets you both the collectors and the bonus pack
hi john j walsh iv- sure, we can send yours without the signature, no problem. there should be room for the bonus five in the box, yes. we're still working on the logistics of the box, but this is definitely something we're keeping in mind.
for the kickstarter exclusive cards, is there a way to get them without the copy of the game being signed? (i'm not really a fan of signed things.) also, will these five cards be able to slip into the regular box with the others?
thanks kurt. we can't wait to get decks into everyone's hands!
congrats! can't wait to play!
hi jesse- hard decisions, aren't they? you all can vote for just one, but should we end up reaching more than one stretch goal, we will set up new backing tiers that allow you to get the 250 card deck, your bonus expansion, and add an additional expansion. so if we get to $55,000, we'll be adding the new tier.
aaaa! can we pick 2 expansions??!?! or rate them in order of preference?! i picked classic games but i also really want sci-fi as the 2nd one! ergh!
hi joseph- we'll see how it goes.... we'll be posting the current results on a regular basis, so check back now and then to see how things are going!
ooo i hope film 101 wins.
hi shamruckus- the mini-preview print-and-play is available now: http://www.metaga.me/metagame_miniprototype3.pdf that file includes printing instructions, rules for a few metagames as well as a deck of around 50 cards. enjoy!
congratulations on funding. one comment one question: comment: the bible is simultaneously the inspired word of god and written by a bunch of dudes over many centuries. question: when will the pnp be available.  it seems you've already got one ready, as you've been playing it in vids.  can we see it now to decide if we want to back?
omg omg omg! we did it!!! we're all teaching right now, but we'll be posting an update very soon about what's next! hint: expansionsss! -colleen
fundeeeeed woot woot
fundeeeeed woot woot
hi christopher- we do have some brand names in the deck (big mac, for example). many of them are more broadly known, but there may well be a few that aren't as well known outside the u.s. the same issues arise around non-brand names, too—not everyone knows duchamp's fountain, for example. so there are always going to be cards that not everyone knows. but that's part of the fun—making up answers on the fly, doing a little quick wikipedia searching, etc. we aren't being sponsored by anyone, we assure you.
hi, love the idea, though one thing i have noticed about a similar american game (cah) played here in sweden is that the cultural context if often lost -- like "lunchables(tm)" is not sold here and nobody knows what it is -- samuel l. jackson quotes everyone gets.  i am writing this to ask, and request that brand names are left out -- yes perhaps they are local-cultural, but unless skippy is sponsoring you why would a game advertise (and if they were, i would like to cancel my pledge as i am not really interested in playing a game that benefits the 1%)...
hi ronald, thanks for the support! we're getting close to our goal, so hopefully we can make one or more expansion back stretch goals. w00t!
i'm normally not one to donate to kickstarter (this being my first), but you guys have something really awesome here. rather sad i missed out on the first one, but can't wait to play this version with my friends. till then i'll try and spread the word so we can get those expansion sets!
thanks trevor, much appreciated. we're hoping to hit the stretch goals, too. help us spread the word!
thanks trevor!! we're honored to be among your selective kickstarter backings! spread the word to your friends and if you want to start playing right away, check out the print-and-play prototype. cheers!
this is only my second project that i have backed, and, i gotta say, i am really looking forward to playing this game.  i have successfully been introducing social gaming into my circle of friends and family, with games like cah.  hopefully you'll hit most of those stretch goals.  good luck!
hi daniel. we don't have plans for holiday-themed expansions at the moment, but we do have plans for other kinds of expansions. thanks for backing us!
kudos for the good design, very clean cut and simple. are you eventually planning special holiday themed packs like 'cards against humanity' does?
hi paul- so do we! help spread the word so we can make our goal, and maybe even reach an expansion pack or two!
i'm looking forward to this game.  really enjoy these kinds of social card games.
awesome, thank you!
hi james. everyone at the $20 and above tiers will get one expansion of their choosing from the ones that have been reached ($15,000 per stretch, up to five). then, if backers want additional expansions, we'll add more tiers to up to those. we'll be posting details on those once we get into stretch territory. crossing our fingers we'll get there! good question, btw—we're going to add an faq to help clarify this.
wow, i'm glad that i discovered this! you guys seem like really awesome people, and i think that this is going to be a fabulous game. at first i thought 250 cards was a little too few, but with the way things are heading, we're definitely going to meet some of those stretch goals to unlock more cards. question, in the phrasing on the main page, it says that you'll get one of the unlocked boosters for free. does that mean that if we want more beyond that one we'll pay for them? if so, how much will they be?
hi thomas. depending on how things go, we may very well reach our stretch goals, which will include a classic games expansion. so help us get over our goal so we can make it happen!
video game edition yes please!!!!!
thank for the response! that expansion will definitely receive my vote when we reach the first stretch!
adam, there are a few copies of the videogame edition available through moma's online store, but it is otherwise out of print. this reboot will replace the old version, assuming we make our goal.
hey ryan, one of the stretch goals is possibly a classic games expansion pack. so help us push over the top!
video game edition as an add-on would definitely drive the pledge level up!
please re-print the video game edition ! :(
backed! had a blast playtesting this with you all at digra and looking forward to a set of my own! love the video game and culture editions too!
love the video game edition and will certainly love this one, too!
(now i'm actually going to read what this is about and watch the video)
congrats! backed!
awesome, been looking forward to this for ages. the new art/design is gorgeous, and can't wait to see this in print!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
