my kids are just now old enough for the book - excited to try it :-) so for me it wasn't too late. thanks, it looks gorgeous!
still no book for me in australia. unfortunately both my kids are too old for it now. bitterly disappointed it didn't ship as advertised and even more disappointed i didn't get anything shipped over 2 years later. please refund my money.
hey everyone, apologies - the comments section here doesn't send me notifications. all 9000 books have shipped in september - if you're book is still missing please send me an e-mail through linda (a) helloruby.com or through the backer messaging system - this way i'll able to properly follow up with all the correct information.
i never received the book.
i never received mine... if it's done and shipped and lots of people have it all over the world, why don't your backers have it?
i also haven't received it.  not sure how to request it....
curious who i should contact if i haven't yet received my book?  thank you!
this project had so much potential it's very sad to see where it's ended. i hope the creator learned some valuable lessons from this experience but from my own interactions, the posts and reading others posts i rather doubt it. good luck to those seeking refunds and to others who haven't even received the book.
good luck to those of you trying to get refunds, i hope you have xuccess. she makes you jump through hoops when you ask for a refund, and then wants you not to tell anyone about it. she also makes out like she is doing you a huge favour. the email i got was self-serving and laughable. i told her to keep her money and her book, i didn't like the person i was dealing with. it was certainly not the one portrayed in the kickstarter video.
i'm not even going to ask a question only to state that i'm putting this down to another rip off!
so just noticed it is selling for $14 on amazon and i haven't even received my $40 hardcover book yet. this campaign had such possibilities but ended badly.
it's now march 2016 and i'm still waiting for the book. did it ship?
so i guess this was a bust. february 2016 and still nothing.
when do i receive my book?
getting really tired of asking the same question and not getting a response: linda, i have sent you multiple messages via kickstarter. i backed at the $150 level. my book was not signed, and did not include the drawing. it has been months since i received it, and it has not come in a separate shipment. please just refund me the difference between the book pledge i actually got ($40) and the pledge level i backed at ($150) for a total refund of $110 us. now!!!!! thanks.
considering how long it took to get the book and the fact that i paid $40 for an item with an msrp of $16.99, i am disappointed to say the absolute least.
so i never received my book and this is being sold on amazon? how does that work. shouldn't kickstarter backers get the book first?
i just want to remind you that i asked a question on october 19th about the actual metaphors used in the book, and you said you'd reply soon, and it never happened. surely other people are having this problem or asking this question too?
any news on the physical book?
it is now dec. 13, and i have still not received my book!!!!!!! would you please return my money----now!!! i am going to order from amazon!!
hi there. my daughter has her birthday in january. as i still havent had the books (yet) can you please confirm they are on their way to dubai now. regards hoegsberg
linda, i have sent you multiple messages via kickstarter. i backed at the $150 level. my book was not signed, and did not include the drawing. it has been months since i received it, and it has not come in a separate shipment. please just refund me the difference between the book pledge i actually got ($40) and the pledge level i backed at ($150) for a total refund of $110 us. thanks.
thank you, linda. and everyone else who worked on this book. you made it really nice! and i really liked it. illustrations are great, the story is fun as well as the workbook. thanks again!
hi! i received the book now! thank you!
hi guys, please send me an inbox message if you havent yet received your books, posters etc! @lorna, great links, thanks for sharing!
@ john homer or anyone else interested in good options to introduce slightly older children (than linda's target) to computers and coding. i went for hands on; introduced my children to scratch programming with the super scratch programming adventure https://scratch.mit.edu the software is free. my daughter, then 7, loved it. we then moved onto the kano operating system for kids on the raspberrypi, this was a more respectful and sucessful kickstarter than this hello ruby disappointment, and still going strong so really worth looking into. you build your own computer, it comes with scratch programme installed and also has a tutorial for programming in minecraft which kids seem to love (boys and girls), and many other apps. you can either buy the complete kit from kano or buy your own raspberrypi 2 (about $35) and download the open source kanoos free http://www2.kano.me/kit they have an active community kanoworld and run regular coding challenges. for my son who raced through the kano (a bit too old now at 10) we then found youth digital java programming in minecraft... it is a bit pricey (we found it with a big special offer discount). the quality is great, amusing and engaging presenter (video's) and very contemporary for children more familiar with the youtube trend. my son is now eagerly wanting to get through the first course mod design 1, as they have introduced a new one server design http://www.youthdigital.com. another success story - the robots dash and dot from wonder workshop (also coming from a succesful kickstarter from engaged parents). very solid, surprisingly super well made products with a series of equally well made (free) apps running on ipad with varying degrees of coding difficulty. they also seem to be busy updating products and apps and building a community. www.makewonder.com i hope this helps, while more hands-on than books and probably closer to 7-14 age range... for the children that grew up waiting for linda, ready to get going with coding rather than reading about the concept.
still haven't received the book :(
i am still waiting for my sketch. it was not in the book itself, supposedly for logistical reasons to expedite delivery. it hasn't. i would like a refund for the difference between just the book, which i got, and the sketched edition, which i didn't.
hi, i haven't seen to have received the book.
estimated delivery: aug 2014 survey sent: 3/5/2014 > your response .. and i still have not received the book...  maybe it's because i'm from finland? :)
i'm sorry, but i'm terribly disappointed.  the illustrations are gorgeous!  but the story and the games are just plain uninteresting and confusing.  i got the book for my granddaughter (finally) and won't be giving it to her because i can't muster up the enthusiasm to share it with her.  i really can't imagine why this book cost so much and took so long to create.  i'm afraid the reviews on amazon bear this out.  better luck with your next project, linda.
hi. congrats for the book, it's beautiful. one question. i have recieved my two books but only one activity book :s it is correct? thanks!
just as a question, living in finland. i have not received the book yet. have i missed it or are they still some shipments coming.
congrats on releasing the book! as a dutch person and my 5 year old also understanding mainly dutch, i'm wondering if you decided to offer translations or not. i see you mentioned this earlier, here, in the comment section, but never followed up on it. could you enlighten us about that?
still waiting for the book or refund.
never mind i got a second package today.  it looks like it was held up in customs.  thanks!
hello,  i sent you a private message but haven't heard back.  i realize you're busy. both of my books were damaged but i don't care, i've giving them to children.  i backed at the 2 book $70 level. i only received one of the kickstarter backer kit that comes with the build your own computer, stickers etc. can you please ship me another of these.  no need to replace the damaged books.
yes, i love robot turtles too! :) e.g. here are a few other fun online resources and books that deal with the topic: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lindaliukas/hello-ruby/posts/1172077 john: thanks, great question, i'll get back to you in a bit!
i may be very stupid, but i'm not sure i really *get* the metaphor or "roman à clef" material in the narrative portion of the book. robots are android, penguins are linux, snow leopard is os x (very outdated nowadays) django is ... the django framework? foxes are ... web browsers? javascript? windows? but, is there any broader meaning to be derived from that correspondence between the characters and operating systems, etc? do we learn anything about the django framework, even metaphorically? for instance, we're told that the linux penguins need to be addressed a certain way and like short commands ... so that metaphorically means that linux users will tend to use the command line and the systems might not be so user-friendly. so what does the stuff about the foxes being illogical and trying to do much multi-tasking and getting the carrot-planting wrong?
thanks david. looks interesting.
@john horner: while not a book, i found the game robot turtles to be excellent, and a fun way to get small ones thinking critically to solve a problem. it should be available at most of the normal retail options (target, amazon, etc).
message for david s (or any other parent) if you know of other programming books suitable for children, can you mention their names here? i'm a bit frustrated by the long wait and my child is now a little too old for this book, whatever its merits or failings. what else is out there?
oh no, i’m so so sorry to hear about your disappointment with the poster. i’ll share a dropbox link in the last comments on the backer update in case you wish to have it as a soft copy! could you guys message me with your questions on refund? i’m so sorry that the shipping has taken a bit longer than anticipated in some cases, but i’m confident you should all get your books soon! if the books were damaged, got hold up, there was an issue with the address or any other problems, send me a message and i’ll ship you replacements. remember to also ping me if your posters haven’t arrived! thank you for all the wonderful thoughts, photos and reactions you’ve been sharing with me - it feel simply incredible to see people actually using the book and receiving feedback on it. i’m one lucky girl :)
linda, i'm still waiting for my refund. can you please update me when you will be processing refunds?
i feel that charging $20 for a folded poster and the fact many of us are still waiting to get a copy while we watch this book drop in price exemplifies the generally poor treatment and disrespect this creater has for her backers.
i am still without this book or a refund and my address is correct in your records. at this point i would like a refund.
amazon has started trying to sell me the book and it keeps popping up in my suggested items. for $14.07. (free shipping with prime). and i still don't have my copy(s) of the book. i guess i don't understand kickstarter. i thought the concept was that you were supposed to get something like early access or a special discount, to help get a project off the ground. it feels super wrong that the general public can get the book quicker and much cheaper than a backer.
i've had patience. i've been respectful. i've been supportive. i paid $60 for a hardcover book, a workbook and a folded poster. $40 for a book that retails for $16.99 on amazon. okay, whatever...we backed the book, and we paid well over what the book is worth, but whatever. i could live with that because i enjoyed the contents of the book and did feel it was worth the wait...however, $20 for a folded up poster that will never be fit to frame? seriously? you couldn't even spare the expense of shipping the posters rolled in a tube, so that the people who supported you could actually have something they could frame and it actually look decent? i was looking forward to framing this poster to hang in my office, as i'm a software developer.  i spoke highly of your book and your project. the poster is a joke. you would have been better off just supplying people with a high quality image for us to have printed ourselves. or even a collection of 8x10s would have been better than that folded garbage. i'm so disappointed.
got my absolute gorgeous book just now!! in hungary budapest! been waiting for it, can't wait to read my kid from it. :) thank you linda!!
hi all! thanks for your feedback - please keep the comments coming! :) yes, like david notes below, the workbook is integrated in the main storybook. i decided to combine the two after user testing and research. the other item you have received is in fact not the workbook, but the ks backer kit, thats meant exclusively for you. some of you have expressed interest in getting the that in soft copy as well, so i’ll look to share that in pdf as well in my next update. on another note, if you haven’t gotten your posters or books yet, please check that your shipping info is correct and message me! i have a bit of a back log in messages, but am replying soon, and will be sending a new batch of books for everyone whose address was wrong in the survey / never got the book / book was damaged during shipping!
hi linda just got the books yesterday.  i'm glad to have backed your project because what you delivered is leading kids (my grandson) in the right direction for a better comprehension of their future.
just go the book today. it's a gorgeous book. i can tell a lot of thought, time & effort were invested in the project. while i'm disappointed (but not frustrated) on how long it took to get the book out, i'm glad i backed the project that made it happen. a quick snapshot of what i got in the mail: https://infinit.io/_/3acc8bb
adding insult to injury the amazon prime price for the hardcover book is now $12.15...
i haven't received my books yet :( should i be worried?
@alvin: right. i meant i could find no mention of it having been provided. from what i can see the only pdf we've been given access to is the one for the actual book.
parent guide was the stretch goal for $250k of pledges
this is my interpretation of what backers have been 'given': a hardback book - this includes both the storybook and the workbook. the workbook is referred to as the activity book in the book itself. an activity/project packet - this is the cardstock (?) pamphlet/folder thing that has 'it's a party!' printed on the front. it is what is considered the backer exclusive for backing and enduring the wait. it is not the workbook.  i suspect the 'party' packet is really just the first run of what will be a purchasable item for having coding-themed kids' parties, as referenced in update 17 or 18. so, exclusive until production ramps up. i have been unable to find anything referencing the parent's guide except for the initial campaign and rewards. perhaps when it makes its appearance my daughter will be able to use it as a history lesson for her kids.
http://www.amazon.com/hello-ruby-adventures-linda-liukas/dp/1250065003/ref=sr_1_1… i believe the review section there would be most appropriate to use if your looking to discuss your experiences with the book?
ok, reading the campaign again. where is the parents guide? it's not like there hasn't been time? is this little leaflet thing supposed to be the work book? ok, not to self. don't back anything by linda liukas in the future.
i paid $40 (plus shipping) for a book that sells for $16.99 and what looks like a free tear-out from a magazine. it doesn't have any kickstarter exclusive content though and it was delivered over a year late. having said that. the second half of the actual book is great. i've had a quick read through and it looks like my little sister will still enjoy it. thanks
i picked the 2 book + 2 workbook reward but only got 2 books and 1 workbook :( however, the books are gorgeous. am very much looking forward to giving these to two nieces, but want to have the workbook for each of them.
i'm happy to finally have received my book. i really like it, but more importantly, so does my 5 year old. i think it is a fun way to approach the idea of computer programming. that said, i think the creator has really burned a lot of goodwill with her actions in this kickstarter. i would not back another project by her. it's incredibly off-putting to recieve less than what was actually supposed to be my reward (one book, rather than a book and a workbook), much later than originally scheduled, and for almost three times more than the cost of the book on amazon right now. it's this kind of bait-and-switch that gives kickstarter campaigns a bad name.
i've finally got the book today! thank you! i'm from manila, philippines.
i haven't received a refund or a copy of this book (i am in a major canadian city so i expect if this was sent i would have received it.)please resend or refund.
i got my book yesterday, and it's fantastic. in less than 24 hours, it's already become one of my (3 y.o.) daughter's favorite books. she has been begging my wife and i to do the activities from the workbook pretty much non-stop - there's a great range, so some of them are perfect for her right now, and others will "grow on" her as she gets older. linda, i hope you write more kids' books!
hi all! the ebook can be downloaded through the link in my latest update to backers. right now it's available only as a pdf, since after trying out the mobi format, the images just didnt look good :/ send me a note if you wish to have it in mobi and we'll hope to help there! the books were shipped on the week of sept 17 from the us - if you haven't received yours yet - and i know many of you havent, including us here in northern europe - please wait a few more days and ping me next week. if you know your address info has been incorrect in my records, please send me a message with the correct details, and i'll be sending a new batch of books around the third week of november. the posters were sent from finland already quite a while ago - if you are still missing yours, check your address details and message me - i'll send one right away! the sketches are coming soon! thanks everyone! linda
please instruct as to where to submit mailing address.  thanks!
i finally got my book today! well, it's a swedish translation that i bought from an online retailer for sek 138 with free shipping (approx usd 17). still waiting for the usd 50 kickstarter copy... anyway, the book looks nice, i hope i get the english version some day.
i received my book as i mentioned earlier, thanks. it is not signed or sketched in though, a feature i paid over $100 extra for. also, the poster and envelope of kickstarter exclusive content seems to be missing. how do i get this resolved?
hi guys, sorry for the delay in responding! by ‘first batch’ i referred to all the books i sent according to the address details i had at the address change deadline - if some of you still had a wrong address, you’ll be getting the book in the second batch, which i’ll send later this month. if, despite the incorrect address, you still found your way to the book, please send me a note! the posters have been sent earlier - if you haven’t’ received one, please check your address info and send me a note! backer kits and sketches coming soon! yes, the workbook is integrated in the book, it was always meant to be a combo, and we thought it’s simpler to have everything under one roof! if you wish to keep your book in pristine condition, i suggest printing out the workbook from the pdf and working through the exercises there! if you are unhappy with the quality of the product (creased covers, etc) send me a note, please and i’ll send a replacement right away! unfortunately, i’m a bit hesitant to provide new refunds at this stage anymore, but also do send me a message if you would like to discuss this further. i’ll respond to your individual questions and comments soon! thanks, linda
the process was frustrating but my kids do love their new ruby book.
i wanted to like this project, i really do, but after a one year delay due to setting up a publishing deal, the author's own prescribed time bias for finnish readers (no offense if your finnish), the gap in the retail pricing combined with the lack of insightful and transparent updates, i find myself a little loss for words considering that 1) i will likely not be getting this before it releases in retail (actually, it's out already for finnish readers!) as i've yet to receive this and with no tracking information provided, or to be honest any information (other then the fact that it releases on monday on amazon...) which has been a consistent point in this campaign... i feel that holding my breath or sitting by my mailbox will likely result in naught (atleast this ks has been consistent?) 2) campaign promises where pretty much ignored as the 'extra'/'stretch goal parenting guide has been consistently commented as mia as was the seperate workbook.... 3) the author is not only inconsiderate in regards to acknowledging that she basically screwed the backers, but also links to comments/reviews to it... (via the blog(http://blog.helloruby.com/)) http://www.techagekids.com/2015/09/hello-ruby-book-about-coding-for-kids.html…    "the folks on kickstarter who ordered a physical copy paid a lot more than latecomers will pay so you'll be getting a great deal if you order now. " i have to admit, i've feeling a little burned here for that...  to the folks who still have faith, all the more power to you... but having said that, i am still leaving a comment on here for those who'll eventually come here from amazon or what ever retail outlet they use, as a caution and perhaps even a warning about linda liukas, the brand, the business, and of course the character. ps linda, let me know if your processing refunds, as at this point it'll be faster for me to get a copy via amazon and considering the lack of anything promised, change in scope, and failure to deliver before retail.
i wanted to like this book, but paying $75 for 2 books and 2 workbooks and only receiving 2 books (which apparently have the workbook integrated?) is honestly disgraceful! i could have gotten the same 2 books for a total of $28 on amazon. i agree with philippe if you aren't giving something extra to the backers then we should at least get the difference. this has been such a horrible experience i will not likely back on kickstarter again.
i think i will use this book as a gift because nothing will remove the bitterness to have been used and things should have been different for the backers (refunding the amazon difference would have been accountable and an honest gesture i believe) i will definitely forget about you linda lukas after a one star on amazon ...ツ
we got it today and on the one hand it looks like a nice book. and i'm glad i backed this project and helped get it off the ground. on the other hand, i paid $40 for a book+workbook+poster and it seems that the author sold the rights to a publisher after raising nearly $400k to kickstart this and the publisher is selling the book for $16.99 including the integrated workbook others have commented on. it seems like instead of being rewarded for helping kickstart this, i paid $23 for a poster and feel a bit taken. oh well. as others noted in the 20 months it took this to come to fruition my kids have also moved past this stage of coding but it's still a cool book.
weren't we supposed to get a parenting handbook? wasn't that our one "kickstarter exclusive"? i agree with @david glass, i expected the workbook to either be a separate book (so you could be "working" through it while having the main book open to that chapter) or at least within the specific chapters. i'll probably end up having to waste ink/paper and print the workbook from the pdf so it's actually usable.
received the book today. overall the quality is good. honestly, i wasn't even going to comment; just check the box to indicate i received the reward, and put this extremely aggravating experience in the past. and then i sat down to read the book.... read chapter 1, and from the 'introduction to the parent' i sort of half-expected the exercises to be 'inline', immediately after the chapter. but, no they aren't there. they are in the 'workbook' which is really more like an appendix, at the end of the book. so, there's no way for my daughter to be looking at the chapter the exercises are about, and me to be looking at the actual exercises (or the other way around), because for some reason the workbook wasn't created as a separate item. as i said earlier: aggravating.  and it's even more than that, because i can't put it in the past; it will be aggravating every single time we pick the book up. i have this very visceral, 'gut-check' kind of feeling that if a big name publisher had not gotten involved the end result would have been more to my liking.
i received the book and workbook yesterday.  i love the illustrations and content.  unfortunately, the cover on the hardcover book is bent and creased.  how do i get a replacement?
i received my book this week. beautiful and well worth the wait. is there a timeline for when we should be getting our poster? thanks!
got my book today — looks wonderful and totally worth the wait!
hello linda, i'm glad to see the books are finally shipping, but i logged into kickstarter to formally request a refund. at this point, my daughter to to old for this type of book, and we have been reading other books on programing, so it would be to basic as well. can you please let me know how i can get a refund?, thanks david
just got my book!  this is just fantastic, linda :)  thank you so much!
hi linda, so i paid extra to have a workbook and the workbook is at the end of every regular book? meaning i could i just have ordered a regular book and will still get the workbook? if so can i get a refund for the workbook? thanks!
got our hardback book and workbook today - totally worth the wait!  my husband and i both love it and our 5-yr old loves it too.  just one question, when do we get the poster we were promised?
received my book this morning.  glad to finally have it.
i received my book today, thanks. it is not signed or sketched in though, a feature i paid over $100 extra for. also, the poster and envelope of kickstarter exclusive content seems to be missing. how do i get this resolved?
we just received hello ruby!  while this has been a long, drawn out process, we are glad to have this wonderful product in our hands.
hi linda, how do we know who was in the first batch? kickstarter does not have anything that indicates that the one i ordered was shipped or not. so basically how do we check if our copy was already mailed? thanks -andrew
hi all, i’ve shipped the first batch of books, yey! however, if  some of you still have the wrong address, please message me. i’ll send the second round of books in the beginning of october, once the original books have returned to sender :) oh, and if your book finds its way to you despite the wrong address, let me know. thanks!!!
hey sofia and henry, the workbook is at the end of the book!
where do we update our address?
i for the e-mail regarding the book but no word on the workbook. any info on that? i am a stay at home mom and was looking forward to get it to work with my child.
where/when is the workbook available? i am an instructor at a school. henry danielson
actual working link to the survey response: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lindaliukas/hello-ruby/surveys/6415879/
hello, it's wonderful to have the pdf. it looks really great. and i'm already looking at amazon to order the hardcover. will there be an epub / mobi version as well or did i miss the update, that the digital booklet is pdf only?
dear bakers, you've baked money to make this book possible and happen. if you're only interrested in buying the book for the cheapest price wait for amazon. croundfunding is to support people and their projects and not to simply by a book. this is a lovely project and yes, it's a little behind schedule.  but nevertheless is a project worth participating.
never mind. the mobile kickstarter site did not show it, switched to full site and bamm, it was there.
hello. so the update said we can change our address which would be awesome since i moved countries this year. but the option to actually change it is not there. did i miss something?
so, not long until it is ready for reviews on amazon. that will be interesting. i will certainly be very clear about my opinion of this campaign as soon as it's possible to do so on amazon. i hope you all will too.
@jennifer, yes i did it through the contact button on kickstarter and received a response after a few days.
hi! did the pdf links go out yet? thanks!
@ jennifer f yes, that's what i did and linda got back to me pretty quickly.
@sofiia: it is available for pre-order, not sale: "this title will be released on october 6, 2015."
to those who requested refund. did you just request through the contact button on kickstarter?
i'm looking forward to the book and goodies.  i have appreciated that you have gone above and beyond your first idea and are adding additional goodies.   i also have felt you have been better at communicating than most of my other kickstarter campaigns - so i am anxiously waiting in california.  thanks
i'm looking forward to the book and goodies.  i have appreciated that you have gone above and beyond your first idea and are adding additional goodies.   i also have felt you have been better at communicating than most of my other kickstarter campaigns - so i am anxiously waiting in california.  thanks
can someone explain to me how the backers haven't gotten the book yet but amazon is selling it? isn't the entire purpose of kickstarted to fund a project so that backers get it all first hand?!?! what a fraud!
i requested a refund, hoping this will be honoured. time to move on, for me.
well if anyone does get a refund please post to the facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1418039865189257/
so i went and just updated my address... linda wants another ten dollars just to ship to canada. are you serious? it's not enough that i paid $40 for book that is selling for $14 on amazon, you want me to pay another $10 to ship to vancouver? that pretty much sums up this entire kickstarter. people in finland now suddenly have a hardcopy before you could even get the pdf out? i want a full refund please. immediately. i want nothing more to do with this project.
yawn... i was looking forward to this more than a year ago. now i feel my daughter may have almost grown out of it. i and many feel screwed over after seeing the book on amazon. for the amount of money raised i would have expected better treatment of the backers.
hi all, as you noticed, the finnish adventures of ruby were released two weeks ago in finland. the backers located in finland could opt to get the finnish version, and i sent those books on the first week of august. it’s been wonderful getting feedback and hearing stories of how you’ve been using the book! if there’s anyone still out there who would prefer the finnish version, send me a note and i’ll send the book asap :) yes, the books came quite a bit before the international ones and i’m really sorry for the confusion it has caused. as many of you know, i’m working with a publisher to publish the book, and that has delayed the process a bit. the finnish version is published by a local agency here in finland, and as it was planned for a summer season release, i wanted the finnish speaking ks backers to be the first to read it. just to recap, i’m sending the ebooks to everyone in early september, and the hard copies, along with backers’ exclusive goodies in the beginning of october, before the book hits the stores. so, those you will be getting your hands on first in the world i promise! with refund questions, please send me a message. yes, i’m aware of the amazon campaign price. this is something that each retailer sets for themselves, and i had no role in deciding the book pricing. i decided to work with a traditional publisher with this book, as this - technology education for children as well as the ruby world - is something i want to work with beyond this kickstarter project. i’m forever grateful for this community here - the success of the ks campaign gave me the courage to dream bigger and aim higher. the campaign also gave me the opportunity dig into early childhood education and programming, enabled me to get editorial, graphics, branding and research help as well as pay for the high quality printing and shipping of the books to you all. this all has made the book so much more stronger and it’s my sincere hope that many of you will be content with the decision and compromise i made on time/quality. being a first time kickstarter campaigner, first time illustrator and a learner in childhood pedagogy hasn’t been easy over this past year and some, and yes, there are definitely things i would do differently in hindsight. however, this is where i’m at now, super sorry for all the hurt feelings but also incredibly excited and proud to be able to share the book with you all very soon! thanks always, linda
it is getting more difficult to view this project beyond it being a total scam. the book is under $14 on amazon now and available for purchase in finland which is so disrespectful of our trust as backers. also i am doubting that as "investors" we will be getting any straight answer as to how our money is being used to back a book being published by a major publishing house.  to add another layer of insult it appears that backers asking for refund are being ignored.
wow.... just wow.... says it'll ship within 1-5 days and you can select cities to see where the book is available retail (it's instock in several places in helsinki). http://www.suomalainen.com/toplista/top-10/hello-ruby-sku-p9789511290384
whait  what? you can actually buy the book in finland? no comment... >:(
hanna ilvonen same here i just view the suomalainen.com and saw this goo.gl/0ufvrn  backers to be the first ones!!!
hello, what is the procedure to get a refund ? i will buy this book directly on amazon. thanks bertrand
i was bit sad to learn today that i could just walk to a bookstore and buy the book with 25€ (although in finnish and probably only in finland). i would have expected the backers to be the first ones to get their hands on any version of the book.
i am very concerned that i have subsidized the development of a book concept and future books for macmillan. that is really not the reason i pledged money to a project on kickstarter. @linda: i would like to know how macmillans involvement is separated from this particular book? if it is not separate then i think that macmillan should pay for the project and we should be allowed to purchase the book through normal channels like any other book.
good idea, james. shipwreck is more like it.
is there a way to rate a campaign and/or creator. this has been a fiasco.
hi all, you should be able edit the address you submitted from your backed projects page: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings from your backed projects page, click on the hello ruby project, and then "survey" to see your survey response. click the edit link to update address. if you need to update the delivery country, send me a message please :) thanks!
dear linda i need to change delivery address. do let me know how i can do that. thanks gabe
hi, we need to change our delivery address and i cannot find the link on this website to do that.  please advise where i can find it
the more i think about this project the more i am bitter, being used does not feel good at all. the surprise is we get a pdf as a bonus (to help us swallow the pill i guess) in compare with the rest of the people on amazon that get it for a fraction of the price. you are not a good example of  accountability and honesty mrs liukas (communication would have helped but it was not mentioned) how can i get a refund? you might be able to (as the backers now are the least of your concern right?)
i was disappointed before coming to this page and reading more insight. now i'm in disbelief and shocked. i've backed 116 projects to date. this is the worst managed so far. nothing to be proud of and selfish. congratulations. bridge burnt. respectfully js
glad the backers will get shipped early, and get something additional!  the "build your first computer design" is intriguing.  the hard drive is connected to the gpu (graphics card)?
hi all, responding here to your comments and questions. i’m sending a backer update too real soon, with expanded commentary on the same. when the hard copy books will be shipped, i’ll include a ks exclusive booklet with more activities, stories and surprises (the parents guide). kickstarter backers will still be the first ones to receive the books, first the ebooks followed by the physical books and other rewards which will start shipping to you guys before the general public’s publishing date. i realise some of you are upset about the amazon pre-order price (book pricing is something each retailer decides by themselves) the ks funding though has been and is being used for the production and distribution of this book to the backers. yes, i’m looking to work with macmillan in creating a sequel to this book, and am so excited about it! kids grow up so fast and it makes me so sad to think that the book could be ‘too childish’ for some of its early readers. we’ve been doing play testing with both girls and boys of all ages and they have seemed to enjoy the book and its exercises equally :) if you’re looking to do fun, easy computational thinking activities with your kids, i’ve gathered here some materials to get started http://www.helloruby.com/play on refund questions, please send me a message. thank you everyone for sharing your feelings and ideas with me. it’s been a rocky road, but i sincerely hope that you will like the book. cant wait to share it with everyone! linda
so ... 3+ months since the last update?  anything new?
@creator one suggestion, having done a few kickstarter book projects myself.  the logistics of sending out this number of books to individual  addresses, across the globe can be complex and time consuming.  hopefully, macmillan is shipping the individual books to the backers.  but, if macmillan is going just drop ship several thousand books to someone, its probably best to use something like shipwire. otherwise you might be in a situation where buyers get books last of all.  the last thing that you want is backers getting their books weeks after amazon takes it live.  amazon is really fast one they get a shipment from a distributor or publisher.
@creator like many people, i could understand a certain delay. it's kickstarter, it can happen. but to delay your project by more than a year in order to get such a book deal was, i think, a selfish move. linda, we backed your project expecting delivery in august 2014, not your career in the book industry. this is a children's book, and children grow up fast, you know that pretty well. i also find unconsiderate and disrespectful the fact that your backers will not only be delivered very late, but also end up paying 3x the retail price. the price gap is just too steep. you probably realize that your decisions actually hurt other projects and creators that may not receive support from disappointed backers. not even talking about the potential press coverage that would be detrimental to the whole crowdunding "industry". hope you will find an honorable way out of this unfortunate situation.
@d19 very fitting song indeed, that made me smile :-) for the rest, sadly i fear it is best to save your energy when it comes to campaigning or complaining. although maybe the *bigger* brand publisher may take note, i am not sure if any satisfying action will ensue (to undo the damage done)... as for  the smaller brand linda liukas, throughout this lengthy campaign she has ignored many, many goodwilled attempts - both via direct messaging and in this comment stream - to help her manage her backer relationship and understand the value of the kickstarter experience  ... including many direct offers to help.  all offers and suggestions categorically ignored. and were linda, or the publisher finally moved to do (make,give) something special to compensate backers, it would only serve as a reminder of how she took our money and ran all the way to the bank and then her long lazy summer,  without looking back except to turn around once or twice to laugh at the joke she so succesfully played on us all. is anyone still looking forward to getting their book(s) ?  i'm thinking if they arrive on time they might be good to light the bbq with :-)
i have created the group - where are you ruby?.....  https://www.facebook.com/groups/1418039865189257/ please join me there to put some pressure on kickstart
all guys, listen up! i˜m gonna open a group in facebook, so kickstarter & linda will take us seriously. wait for my next call.
if this is now in the hands of the publishers at macmillan / https://www.facebook.com/feiwelandfriends then hopefully a pr or someone there can perhaps respond or update. i have done many kickstarters and not all worked out as i'd hoped - but that to me is part of the risk for the many that work very well. however, a small amount of regular communication works wonders, and i found the updates until march very interesting (albeit perhaps a stalling tactic in a sense, though i am aware how long projects sometimes take). maybe macmillan will do something extra special for the kickstarter group, along with plenty of book vouchers. anyway i think that the kaiser chiefs song captures this well - "ruby" https://www.youtube.com/watch… (the lyrics are actually quite applicable), and if nothing is sorted out then "i predict a riot" https://www.youtube.com/watch… - another odd quirk is that the ruby track is from the album. "yours truly, angry mob" anyway i hope linda/macmillan are able to resurrect the good will and support of the early supporters. hello swift? .... next book. yours truly, darren
hey linda, please tell us exactly what is going on????????????? i ordered this book for my grandson and it looks like he'll be a college grad before this ever arrives. please update !!!!!
so, we could’ve bought the book from amazon for less the 20$? i’ve paid 50$ for one (!) book (offered were two!) and shipment and we will see not any benefits from my backing? come one, that’s more than disappointing!
i hope that you will not finish like this guy... http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2015/06/11/ftc_fines_erik_chevalier_for_using_video_game_kickstarter_funds_on_himself.html
what is going on??? i still didn't got my book and it is more then 1 year in waiting!
what gets me in particular is this quote from the article you listed, "...liukas says her backers are understanding and she keeps them updated on her blog..."  i'm thinking we were understanding to a point, but when this descended into complete denial and an utter lack of transparency and communication, we became anything but "understanding". a simple perusal of this ks page, would have offered up some less than understanding comments and insight for the telegraph..
hmmm.. the rationale for why the publishing deal was so great that it was worth risking the wrath of backers may have something to do with a wider book deal according to the uk's telegraph: "once word of her successful crowdfunding campaign got out, macmillan offered liukas a publishing deal to create a whole series of books in the us." http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/11643191/why-women-make-gifted-coders.html if that is the case why not tell us linda? it doesn't make it paticularly less irritating but it does make it more understandable.....
linda absolutely could've fought with macmillan to get backers our copies early - she chose not to stand up for us when we stood for her by backing this project. she could refund our money (or partially), but again, she chooses not to. she's had opportunities to "make it right" and refuses to do so. absolutely shameful. i've had creators run out of money and disappear, but this is worse.
this is posted on her hello ruby website: currently the book is only available for the kickstarter backers. it will be available for the general audience in fall 2015. for a while, there was an opion to pre-order the book, and the people who did will receive their books at the same time as the kickstarter backers. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> seriously linda can you just stop with the implication that  we received any benefit from backing your project? why imply that your backers have any special consideration as part of your project when all we are getting is your book at the same time as the general public for more than double the price? the wording on your website is so incredibly dishonest and awkward.
i'm just disappointed it is taking so long. i'd have been happy with a draft digital download so i could get started, but i have nothing so far. i signed up for this when my daughter was 4 and my son was 6. the view was that come promised ship date of august 2014, my daughter would be 5 and my son almost 7. now, if we get in at the end of the year, my son will be 8 and my daughter will be 6 1/2. the age range this is targeting is 5-7 and frankly im concerned my son is already beyond this level as he is starting to get involved in raspberry pi's and limited scripting in perl. as a concept, i would have backed this to help improve the education of children in app dev, however i wouldn't have paid the full amount to get the book if i knew it was going to be so delayed. if it ships by the 'new' promise date it will likely already be too late for one of my kids. can backers please get access to draft copies of the book and workbook?  that way we can utilise it for the purposes we paid for, before our children get any older and refuse to read a book targeted 'for little kids' (sic). kids grow up fast and the main value of this book is whilst they are 5-7. you really should consider making this right as delays are not acceptable with this sort of age-targeted product.
too bad linda doesn´t realise that her selfish behaviour is hurting everything great she ever started like rails girls and will be a ugly little legacy to her that will influence everything, she will be doing in the future. :-(
really, i just wish that i hadn't backed this project. would have saved me a lot of money and undue frustration. it's all nice and good to have gotten a book deal. i applaud her for getting that. and i understand the risks and rewards of the crowd funding venture. yet still, i really wish that i hadn't backed this book. could have saved a lot by waiting...
i'm just going to leave this here... http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/wp/2015/06/11/the-ftcs-first-crowdfunding-enforcement-is-over-a-failed-board-game-on-kickstarter/
@casey fox i agree with those bad reviews. as some people are happy to be a part of the growth of the book, many are unhappy about this disrespect she has shown to her supporters, who might i add started her career. i got this book for my friends, but i feel this book will not be used for the child by the time i get it. i for one will be leaving a bad review on amazon for her lack of customer service, but as for the book i'm sure it will be fine thanks to macmillan.
she could've done many things to "make it right" with the backers (and still can), but she's chosen thus far to do absolutely nothing. sad. i too foresee a lot of bad reviews on amazon... say around 9000 or so.
this might go to be one of the case studies in crowdfunding scams textbook. i really hope not.
well, lessons learned i guess.
my criteria for a successful ks is different than @spongefile.  while i agree that a product actually shipping (albeit late) is part of that criteria, i have other criteria. shipping:  this product hasn't shipped yet. timeliness:  the product is overdue by a year. exclusivity:  nothing.  backer updates (as infrequent as they are) are open to the general public.  we are getting nothing in return for backing this book. pricing:  we are paying more than double the amount of the retail book.  the hardcover book on ks was $40.  the retail book is on sale on amazon for under $13.  the digital download version is even more expensive than the retail hardcover. backer updates:  she has promised and promised more and more frequent backer updates.  her last update was in march…2.5 months ago accountability:  she has some degree of accountability to over 9000 ks backers.  we’ve asked for an accounting of where her money went.  she hasn’t answered. customer service:  this hasn’t been very good.  backers have asked very specific questions and if they’ve been answered, it has been very vague, if at all. in addition to this, a stretch goal was mentioned of a “parents guide”.  there has been no mention of whether or not the parents guide is still on the table.  so all in all, this kickstarter (for me) has been a miss on all fronts.
i have done a lot of crowd funding and this has to be the most frustrating one yet. i can't believe it is going to a publisher and we still don't get our books until october. this has been handled so poorly.
even if she has no control over the price, general decency would lead one to consider offering some sort of ks exclusive benefit to soften the blow of what has essentially been a huge rip off. to pay 400% more than an amazon buyer who took zero risk bothers me, but the complete lack of effort to address rightful backer concerns is absolutely infuriating. i anticipate a lot of one star reviews in this book's future.
i think that the book looks beautiful so far. i can't wait to get it and am glad that i backed your project. i get a sense of generosity and patronage from the contribution. it is worth the money that i contributed. thank you.
any update?  thanks.
meh.  she's a crook/thief and used the money to finance her world travel.  she pocketed a ton of money but in the process she lost her integrity and respect along the way.  she will live with that stigma forever and the criticism for every project she endeavors upon...
yep, workbooks are incorporated into the hardback book.  i too would like a refund, that's one less book you'll need to purchase and pay for shipping, so shouldn't be an issue right?  if someone created a facebook page please post it here!
@jeff heaton - she mentions it below, "there was a question about the workbooks. it will be integrated in the storybook, and it’s gonna be more extensive as well, with about 30 different activities."
i had forgotten about the workbook.  is macmillan providing the workbook too?  they just list the hard cover on amazon.com.
i am commenting here to chip in that i feel completely duped by this project. $70 for two books and two workbooks and what am i getting. two years of waiting and a book i could buy on amazon for $12.62. the price might have been set by the publisher linda, but i think you owe it to us to answer questions about where the money went.
why not come together and make a anti-campaign until she refunds our money? such as on facebook. unfortunately my english is to bad.
so glad you are grateful and hope to contribute by making great products for children. you can start by refunding my money and saving a book for a child who will use it.  that would be awesome.  i'm truly happy you have the publishing deal you want - that's fantastic, and i'm glad kickstarter was able to get you there.  doesn't change how you handled this process and the lack of respect and communication you've shown.  some of us would like to move on - now that you have the deal, do the right thing and refund those that want it - you certainly don't have to, since you are on track to deliver a product, but it would be nice to have a little decency.
hi all, and thanks for your comments. i haven’t sent an update since march, and am really sorry about this. i’m working on a new update, including sharing some new workbook activities, and will let you know once i know when i’ll be sending it out. since the wonderful snowballing of this project from its original scope, i decided to get the books published in a publishing house (macmillan) to ensure the best possible quality and logistics. a year ago, when this discussion took place, i also made calculations on self-publishing, and looked up quotes from various partners. ultimately, it was my dream and decision to be able to get the book distributed to a wider audience, which lead to the original ks schedule getting severely delayed. the attention that i got from this crowdfunding was definitely super fortunate, and without it i would have never been able to publish the books through a regular publisher, so i remain extremely grateful to the community here. i hope i can contribute back to the community by making great products for children. i’m still paying for the ks books and their shipping, so the kickstarter funding is used for the production of the book and the shipping to all of you, just as planned. the book price and the rewards were of course set up before macmillan’s involvement, and how they price the book is not in my control. i’m really happy to be working with macmillan, and i feel the book has gained a lot from it as well. i sincerely hope you all will appreciate how much better the book turned out than i would have ever thought :)
so i take it we won't be getting our orders? this was something my husband and i bought for our son. .. we now have a second son and our order still has not been fulfilled. horrible way to do business
i do not appreciate being duped, this is about integrity and accountability here. thank you linda i will remember you and will definitely leave some feedback on amazon as well and i encourage people to do so. this is not how you do business.
by the numbers... 2 - the number of months since the last update 6,791 - number of books owed to backers $16.99 - list price on amazon ------------------------------------ $115,379.09 -> total cost of 6,791 books purchased at retail $265,367.91 -> money left in your pocket after purchasing the books to full-fill backers ($227,293.21 after kickstarter fees) $115,447 -> how much it would cost to reimburse backers $17 per hardcover book (still leaving over $110k in your pocket after the above). i'm sure those numbers are a bit off, there's little chance your publisher is going to charge you retail for over 6000 books. i'm sure everyone wouldn't request a partial refund either. course that doesn't change people's feelings of being duped... i'm sure you'll put about the campaign in the amazon info with it being so successful and all. luckily all these comments are public, so everyone considering purchasing it will get to see our experience.
oct 2015? what? way to go kickstarter!
i began leaving comments months ago about the lack of any meaningful updates and her not answering any questions about the legitimacy of this campaign.  she didn't respond directly and i don't expect her to at this point.  she even promised to have more and more thorough updates and she's failed at that. i believe now that the money was used simply to support her traveling the world, "after a slow and dreamy summer i’ve been in stockholm, krakow and oslo, and going to frankfurt and london for book stuff."  she got a book deal with a large book company.  i don't understand how she had to pay for the book deal.  generally, book deals go the other way, with the author getting paid by the book company.  i would like an explanation around this deal process that she got. i feel like i have a right to have (as a backer) an accounting of the monies.  what exactly has our money been used for?  we paid more for the product than the general public will (way more!), i *still* don't have the book and she's disappeared from ks. you all are way more forgiving than i am apparently....
linda, some of the comments left here have been thoughtful and considerate, yet you have done nothing to address any of the concerns left for you. the last time you updated was in march. please give an update that addresses everyone's concerns, be truthful and ethical in your answers. surely if we are going to be paying three times what everyone else will pay to see your book we deserve answers.  you should at least update your backers as to how your budget was allocated and even the percentage of what mcmillian backed you as compared to your kickstarter backers. answers to these comments in particular would make me feel less like i was duped by this project: i am not even sure why you needed crowdfunding or what you did with $ 380.747 of 9258 people believing in your book before signing a regular book-publishing-deal. you claim that your calculations "just worked out", but with the original crowdfunding target of $10.000 how does that go together at all? with a publisher involved the budget should have been very different and the price for rewards much less, or the rewards much greater for taking the greater risk. there was over 3000% of the budget collected. there was no reason to go to a publisher for 2nd round financing and trade off the promises made to the 1st round financiers (ks backers). if the publisher isn't going to release to the general public until october (to maximize sales at holiday time) there is no reason the 10,000 could not have received the 1st printing ahead of time. it feels like we were tricked/duped out of our funds. it feels like the book is funded by the publisher and we all just gave free money to linda for nothing. well okay, not completely for nothing - we are getting an $11.50 book return on our $40 investment. normally when a project/company succeeds you get a + gain on the investment, not a loss. we lost 40-11.5= $28.50 by investing in a successful project. i would have thought that there is some scope for negotiation though? out of interest, if you had had $380k behind you (as opposed to $20k) and the kind of international  publicity this one has had would you have felt that you could have been more demanding in your negotiations? the least you could have done as a show of good faith was to watermark a draft preview pdf of the book and emailed it to every backer to display to their children on the pc, mac, or tablet. your proposed book, the "year of code," and so many initiatives designed to motivate children as a grass roots approach to make this world a better place feels comprised by corporate greed.  please stop the "i'm grateful," "hugs," and your other insincere comments. do something now for your close to 10,000 hopeful backers. very easy to issue a refund via kickstarter, all you need as a backer is to go to payments.amazon.com, find the transaction (search by date since we know when the campaign was funded), and provide linda with your transaction id. refunds happen all the time.
hey linda, i just saw the pre-order pricing on amazon and i have to say that i am more than a little disappointed. this is the first - and probably last - kickstarter project i ever backed. my understanding of kickstarter was something along the lines of helping a project i believe in that probably would not make it without crowdfunding to come to life and in return get the market ready product in a fashion that makes the backers feel good about it, e.g. at a lower price, way before it hits the market or with special benefits only available to backers - at least a little feeling of having done something good and special to help the project become reality. what you did here was not delivering on time big time, giving i-am-so-artsy-and-wow-what-an-amazing-journey-it-is-for-me totally useless updates to the people waiting and ultimately selling out your backers by having them pay triple and more of what the book will sell for after release with the public-to-market release being the same time as shipping to backers. the way this project has worked out, i am not even sure why you needed crowdfunding or what you did with $ 380.747 of 9258 people believing in your book before signing a regular book-publishing-deal. you are writing that you had external expenses, needed to pay for the production of the kickstarter backed books and so on but the point you are missing is that the benefits of making this book happen are going to a publisher that did not believe enough in the project to give you a signed deal to work on this and you - if the book turns out to be a success - while all your backers are getting from this project is the retail version of the book with a huge damage to their wallets. you claim that your calculations "just worked out", but with the original crowdfunding target of $10.000 how does that go together at all? might as well delete my kickstarter account, you made me cease believing in ideas that are worth backing - if an idea is any good, it will make it to the market without crowdfunding and the laurels and benefits are going to a big player anyways, why be excited about it, why waste the money. your book will be a constant reminder of this for many backers, i hope you are proud of yourself.
i'm sad that i paid 80 dollars to wait 20 months for 2 hardcover books (i thought it would be an additional 2 workbooks which is why the price was doubled on that pledge...but it seems that this is now "integrated"...or collapsed or reduced into the original book). i hardly comment on the many projects i back. i've lost money. this isn't the first disappointment. but it's one of the worst, such that i actually stepped up to complain. linda, you need to offer us refunds, as the only decent and ethical thing to do.
linda, you can provide refunds, you just choose not to.  i'll be trashing this book if i ever get it. sorry that's harsh - but i'm well past the point of caring - you care nothing for your backers, so not sure why i should care about this project.
my kids are in their 30's and i twice that.  i did not pledge this to buy a book or even receive a reward.  i pledged to support a wonderful idea.  i am not disappointed it took longer since it is going to be even more of a great idea than i originally thought or was told about.  i was willing to pledge $40 for a small text because i know self publishing can be expensive and that is what was planned in the budget as far as i understand the campaign. but now that a commercial publisher is involved with all that entails, an advance, better quality than self publishing, etc., i am disappointed to be paying over almost 4 x what the book is worth ($40 for what i can buy today for $11.46 on amazon).  with a publisher involved the budget should have been very different and the price for rewards much less, or the rewards much greater for taking the greater risk. after all, before it was the 10,000 on ks who were the backers, paying for the time and cost of the initial product.  with a publisher the publisher is the backer, giving an advance to pay for the time and internally paying for the product cost of manufacture. there was over 3000% of the budget collected.  there was no reason to go to a publisher for 2nd round financing and trade off the promises made to the 1st round financiers (ks backers).  if the publisher isn't going to release to the general public until october (to maximize sales at holiday time) there is no reason the 10,000 could not have received the 1st printing ahead of time.  i understand we would not have received it at the original date expected - after all the project has grown, is better, is bigger, and there was the learning curve; but it should be around march to now, whenever the book was finished.  we would have received the 1st printing (with workbooks) and others would receive the second printing in oct. at least making our $40  book worth a little more than the $19 is is now really worth. i am not angry, just a bit upset that we provided 1st round money and are not receiving more for our investment than the second round investors or even the retail.  after all, in normal circumstances the 2nd round investors get many fewer shares in something than the 1st round.  it is rightfully so because the 1st round had the greater risk.  here the 2nd round investor, the publisher, actually had no risk.  the book was a near complete project when they saw it, guaranteed to succeed,  just requiring final editing and setup on presses, that is until they decided to expand the project. all in all, i am looking forward to seeing the final book and am glad to have helped bring it about. but feel it could have happened without us on ks.  it feels like we were tricked/duped out of our funds.  it feels like the book is funded by the publisher and we all just gave free money to linda for nothing.  well okay, not completely for nothing - we are getting an $11.50 book return on our $40 investment.  normally when a project/company succeeds you get a + gain on the investment, not a loss.  we lost 40-11.5= $28.50 by investing in a successful project.
thanks jeff. i can well imgaine that publishers would seek to impose the best deal they could for themselves and i suspect you're right. it's helpful to have the perspective of someone who has also ran an book kickster. i would have thought that there is some scope for negotiation though? out of interest, if you had had $380k behind you (as opposed to $20k) and the kind of internationational publicity this one has had would you have felt that you could have been more demanding in your negotiations? i'm just puzzled why the wollstonecraft folks seem to have been able to have had advanced e-copies (and they also seem to have a publishing deal with a big publisher) but this hasn't happened here.
my guess is that linda is under a fairly tight publishing contract.  i know, i've signed them with macmillian myself.  i even had to sign away movie and theme park rights... for a c++ book.  but realistically, self-publishing a full-color children's style, would be decently expensive on the scale that this project is.  especially if you've never been through the publishing process before.  in the end, i believe, of all the roads linda could have chosen, this probably leads to the happiest ending.  with macmillian involved i believe there will be a book in october.  hopefully they are even handling shipping logistics (that can be its own nightmare in kickstarter). i personally don't care about backer prices vs retail. i am happy to have helped a neat project along its path.
@ken whitaker - thanks and well put. linda - if you aren't able to do as ken suggests (which i thought would also be a great opportunity to crowd source the proof reading too) could you at least explain why in your next update please? it is genuinely baffling given others have been able to able to provide early releases and given your hard earned coverage and financial backing i'd have thought you'd be in a better position to negotiate than some.
i am just checking in to see how things are going and am very disappointed to see the negative comments and criticism.  jeez. a little faith goes a long way. i personally am not concerned how long this takes to complete. i want to see the best this talented lady has to offer. i will share that work with my daughter and perhaps she will be inspired and create great things as well.  all the best.  ~colin
linda, i really don't want to say anything but after reviewing so many pleas from frustrated funders i truly find your responses to be an extreme example of double-talk. you ask for questions, comments, or ideas and i haven't seen you bend at all from the about-face schedule delay coupled with a corporate book deal. with all the fanfare, exposure, and over-the-top pledges you received from this marketing campaign, the concept of customer service is missing from every missive (especially the latest which appears to be advice from legal counsel). the least you could have done as a show of good faith was to watermark a draft preview pdf of the book and emailed it to every backer to display to their children on the pc, mac, or tablet. your proposed book, the "year of code," and so many initiatives designed to motivate children as a grass roots approach to make this world a better place feels comprised by corporate greed. please stop the "i'm grateful," "hugs," and your other insincere comments. do something now for your close to 10,000 hopeful backers.
hi all, thanks for your comments, i’m grateful to hear your thoughts. i’ll be sending all the rewards this october - before that, if you have any questions or ideas that you’d like me to tackle in my backer updates, let me know! you’ll get electronic copies (pdf) as in the original backer categories. i can't provide refunds but you will all get the book & rewards you pledged for in october
just a show of hands please as to those of you who have decided to make a kickstarter campaign in a new area that you wanted to explore, and along the way help out many kids and adults with a new teaching mechanism in a vastly new medium in the world of publication, and illustration, and poured all of your commitment into it while having 9000 people breathe down your neck and wonder why it takes sooooo long to create something from scratch. just a show of hands. i am looking forward to this book for my son, myself and my future kids. creating takes time, it takes patience to get it right. i like her update emails that she sends out. it reminds me that she hasn't lost her way, hasn't given up and is also pouring more and more into the learning process and the story. i do not regret donating my money for this. i am eager for the final product.
i am regretting backing this project. all i get is really long and winding updates but no clear information on when we will receive the product. it seems my kids will grow up to be adults before the product is delivered.
i like how you're being told to "ignore the grumpy folks" as if somehow everyone who has voiced some disappointment, warrants no consideration despite the level of backing.
while i'm not going to withdraw my support, i would like to express that i am disappointed that you chose to go with one of the publishers responsible for the most expensive textbooks for college students, and one of the protectors of the money stream that is new versions every year. i'm also wondering how much they will now allow you to put online, and if you will suddenly have to choose between electronic copies for your backers or contractual agreements with the publisher.
@ kevin & christina goodwin you're looking to buy another copy you're best bet is to pre order on amazon where it is considerably cheaper. i'm not sure i quite follow those who say the delay is down to the creative process..... the book is now virtually finished according to all the updates. the reason we aren't seeing it is because linda seems to have been strong armed by macmillan into not releasing anything and waiting until october when it commercially suits them to launch it. in contrast to say wollstonecraft where people seem to have copies to read well ahead of publication by penguin. see here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/airshipambassador/wollstonecraft/posts… we could all have an electronic copy now that's at least 99% finished but we can't for commercial reasons. not the creative process.
no rush on this.  amazing work sometimes takes time. i really enjoy your honestly and a view into your process on this. thank you so much for sharing. you are great.  (ignore the grumpy folks). :)
we are very excited to see the final product! i know creativity doesn't just manifest by itself and go as planned! keep moving forward and ignore ignorance. in a world of instant gratification people forget what its like to wait for something - i know i see some nasty people in grocery lines all the time! i'd rather have a more complete and well thought out end product instead of a quickly put together haphazard one. thank you for your updates! oh- will we be able to add on extra copies to our orders? :)
it has been over a year since this project was fully funded with 3800% of expected funding.  the product itself is still far away.  my two daughters are now getting too old to use this book and i want to withdraw my support as i no longer have any use at all for the hello ruby book. how do i quit backing this product and get a full refund?
thanks for the latest update! i don't mind waiting longer for the book, as long as its good, and i really like what i see so far! keep it up!
hello, i would like a refund please.  how do i arrange this?
i am very disappointed at the whole process as well.  the original estimate was to have the book by august 2014.  while the campaign was funded in late february, it literally meant linda had 6 months to finish it.  now it has been delayed for over a year; this is definitely not the way you do scrum planning.  yeah, i know how kickstarter works, but when the delay also had something to do with a publisher, and i got no benefit out of this process (i paid more than 2x for the book), there's a serious issue. i agree with what other backers said.  i'll never backed @linda's campaign.
yes, we are behind schedule, however i think linda likes to deploy a finished product  that not only meets expectations but exceeds those expectations.   linda has updated 17 times as well as created a blog and website which contains (if the web actually "contains" something) activities created around the book. she has gone out and play tested with children to identify how they will best use her product.  like the rest of you i am excited about having a finished product for my children.  i will also be able to print out as many copies as i like for my kids friends. we are just over a year since the funding date, i would be surprised if a book came out in a year from beginning to end.    like others i am a little disappointed in the lack of a backer exclusive pre-release, the fact that the book will be cheaper from the publisher than through the kickstarter, but kickstarter is never without risk and we, by funding through this mechanism, really do not have much say in how or why things get done.  i am still looking forward to this and it does seem that my kids will enjoy it from what i have gathered so far.
"right now i’m working on an update of the past year... it will be with you hopefully in a day or two." ~ linda liukas,  7 days ago this is exactly the kind of thing a lot of backers find frustrating, linda. if you say you are going to do something, do it. if you aren't sure you'll be able to do something, don't make the promise.  failing to deliver on a commitment might be excused if it happens once or twice; when it becomes your modus operandi though, it really hurts your reputation. pretty soon nothing you say matters, because you've demonstrated that there is little value in your words. for your own benefit, please don't do this.
hi kally, i'll be sending the ebooks this october, along with rest of the rewards :)
so when can we receive electronic version of your book ???
hi all, thanks for your feedback, and especially for the insightful advice. as you know, i’m doing all of this for the first time, and i am sincerely sorry that some of you feel frustrated. the decisions i’ve made this year have been to ensure that the book is the best possible quality all around. right now i’m working on an update of the past year and being a part of the creative journey: the process of idea to a real book, reflecting the shapes this project has taken. it will be with you hopefully in a day or two. there was a question about the workbooks. it will be integrated in the storybook, and it’s gonna be more extensive as well, with about 30 different activities. the parent guide is a kickstarter backers’ exclusive booklet, parts of it might also be on the storybook or at helloruby.com and for the backers, the ebook will be a pdf, so printable for your neighbour’s kids ^~^ i’m sending the books and other rewards to all backers this october. i know this is a long wait for you guys and i do understand the unique opportunity a kickstarter community is. there would be no book without all of you for which i'm forever grateful. i’m incredibly proud that because of you i’ll be able to offer the book to everyone else too. you literally made this book possible it would be shame not to let others enjoy what we have together made happen. ps. ks featured hello ruby on their children’s book roundup last week.. so exciting!  https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/celebrating-great-childrens-books
i've done a couple successful kickstarter projects for programming books both self-published and through traditional publishers. click my name if you want more info.  i think, given ruby's initial numbers, the prices made complete sense for a short-run, full color book.  such books can have a moderately high unit cost.  the publisher might well be cutting the margin to zero and below to create an initial splash. i personally am okay with the price difference.  i am helping to start something really cool! my advice is to remember that kickstarter backers are more than just customers. we believed in the project enough to prepay.  we really need something more than the general public, especially since we are paying more! i've done three books in sequence, and my previous backers always give me a great boost.  they allowed me to build a great community.  another thing, i always pre-release my books for comments.  my backers always give me great insights that make the product better.  we would love to do the same for you, if given the chance. and please, do not drm the book.
i've just spent a half hour reading a good chunk of these comments, after thinking to myself... "hey, whatever happened to that ruby book you thought would be good for the boys?" to say that i'm disappointed in linda and this project would be a massive understatement. in my mind, there is simply no way that this book shouldn't already be available in a completed electronic format (at least) for backers. it's been a year and the author has no requirement for money. $300k is three very good annual salaries. that's a ton of man hours that - let's be honest - should have produced a 60 page children's book by now. even if took a full week of 8 hour days to produce a single page, we should see completion by may, not october. it seems the author has decided to pursue publishing deals and other desires at a greater priority to fulfilling her original commitments. i suppose that one of the downsides of kickstarter is that you never really know exactly how the person you are funding works. lesson learned. regardless, it is clear to me that the following is true of this project: 1. the book is no where near complete, nor will this be the case in the next quarter, at least. 2. linda track record of estimating completion is exceptionally poor, as - it seems - is her ability  to prioritize the promises to her backers that were made over other activities, which means that a shipping date of oct 2015 is quite likely not to occur as planned. i certainly wouldn't put money on it. 3. the notion of "slow publishers", while likely true, has been used to mask 1-2 for a good part of 2014. 4. her book creation skills seem only to be matched by her ability to communicate anything of actual substance. i realize i'm being harsh, however i believe it is warranted. this is $340,000 we are talking about here, of which we have all contributed. i cannot imagine where that money has gone, be it because of incompetence or be it a more malicious nature. i suppose we will never know. i won't ask for a refund. my $40 is really not worth the headache that would likely ensue to retrieve it. at this point if a book shows up at my door sometime before my children stop being children, it will be one of life's unexpected bonuses, i guess. i'll check in again in the summertime. "hugs!"
careful @casey fox lest people accuse you of not knowing how kickstarter works..
very easy to issue a refund via kickstarter, all you need as a backer is to go to payments.amazon.com, find the transaction (search by date since we know when the campaign was funded), and provide linda with your transaction id. refunds happen all the time. the bottom line is we're paying more than twice as much for a product that will be available to the general public at the same time for a lower price. we're not getting backer only updates, we're not getting any additional items, we're not getting something at a discount (what campaigns normally offer), we're not getting it months in advance, etc. we'll also be 20 months past the delivery date. imo this really hits on almost every example of how not to manage a campaign.
linda, you don't need kickstarter for refunds, you can refund any backer at any time for any reason.  paypal is the most obvious option, check in the mail, whatever.  i'm not necessarily asking for one, but you made it sound like since ks doesn't have an option, you simp,y can't refund.  there always a way and it happens often.
i agree with ryan that the disappointment is not the price paid. it is the slow realisation, based on what has happened, that the quality of the book is highly unlikely to meet the expectations i formed when the campaign was launched.
i don't think it's fair to say you were duped into what you paid. in the initial project the price was clear and it also outlined where the costs were going for. my guess is (and it's just a guess), that the original price to pledge was based on making the minimum 1,000 copies.  there was no promise to not shop the book to a publisher either. i can't speak to why everyone backed, but for me it was the opportunity to get a nice book for my kids that may not have been available anywhere else. the only bummer from my end is having to wait over a year longer than expected to get the book, not the price.
i find it insulting that any attempt to hold a campaign accountable is considered "not understanding how kickstarter works" we are not dummies just because we expect honest and transparent updates.
@ryan thank you for the positive angle, will also try to adopt it as well x 2 (yes i was duped by the double (double expensive) deal ouch!) first and last arty book here for me .. oops sorry keep it positive ;-)
@ryan that is a very nice perspective to hear. and while i very whole heartedly disagree with you on many fronts, i am happy to see the positivity. i will try to change my perspective to be more positive as well.
it sounds like the initial higher cost was to hire a designer and editor out of pocket, which would have been cheaper (or generally paid for) by an advance from macmillan had this book originated there instead of ks. that being the case, it's pretty understandable, and i am excited that our funding was able to create this book and draw interest from a large publisher, driving down the price and making it more accessible to others.
@jh if that's the case that is hugely disappointing. while you (linda) may have to "purchase" the books from macmillan you're most likely doing so "at cost", which is quite a bit below retail. between the book cost and shipping you're still looking at under $20 to get the book and workbook to our doors, which is 50% off what we, your backers, the reason you have this opportunity, paid. i would hope you do the "right" thing and offer us a partial refund, although i'm not holding my breath.
@casey fox i think the book listed on amazon is both the book and workbook as it's listed at 96 pages and as so taking that alongside the last update which talks of the book being longer and having more exercises it looks like they might have got merged. be good to have clarity on that though! @violethour to be fair to linda i don't think she ever said that backers would be the only one to recieve the product or that anything would be handwritten/drawn.
i got an idea for your next book.  "how to swindle $380k+ on kickstarter".  in your book you can write about promising your backers that they will receive a unique one of a kind product! but that’s not all… talk about how you won’t really deliver on that kickstarter one of a kind promise. keep them waiting by thinking that they gave money to a great project through late, mundane updates – even if project has been fully funded. so great… you got your book published.  but this couldn’t have been done without your backers.  and perhaps the publishing of the book has led you to an ip/copyright issue.  if that’s the case, then you need to tell us what’s going on. i want what i backed and that was the original hardcopy, handwritten/drawn book.
let me see if i understand this, a 64 page hard back book is going to be available on amazon for $14... the ebook for us was $10. i cannot even begin to describe how insanely disappointing this campaign has been. i've pledged books before, kids programming books no less and she delivered exactly what was expected, on-time, and didn't pull one over on the backers... the reason the campaign is successful.  there's also been essentially zero mention of the workbook nor parent guide (stretch goal we did make). will that be coming out the same time as the book? are you selling that to the public as well?  this is just a huge disappointment all around. i'm not sure if you even realize to many of your backers it feels like you completely pulled one over on us. i guess lessen learned, and unfortunately i will be much more cautious pledging books in the future.
i'm curious to know that if and when i receive my electronic version of your book (which is late and has now cost me more than the hardcover version apparently) is it still, "printable even for the neighbours kid."?  or am i to assume that since you have a big publishing house in the mix that drm is going to be in full effect?
also from my experience with kickstarter, usually backers get the product at discount rather than at a premium to the retail amount. that is usually the "thank you" to the backers for helping to fund your idea to make it happen. i feel sad and disappointed that our "thank you" is essentially less production transparency (compared to the website, the shipping date was announced there first after all. not here at kickstarter.) and physically paying more premiums for helping you get this product to market. :(
i agree with everyone's comments so far. what a shame that i am paying considerably for supporting this product (compared to just retail) and get pretty much no unique return as a backer. i mean, at least linda said thank you, so that makes it worth it?
this is such a shame.  in return for taking the risk of backing a project, we are just getting to pay more for a product.  as said below, we have gained no additional insight, no early access to the product and no input to the process - these are all the things you back a kickstarter project for.  in the end we get to pay more for a product (and also pay for it well over 1 year before delivery) with no ks benefits for our investment at all.  this is a shame, and from all the projects i have backed, i think this is now the biggest disappointment.  linda - please show that you actually care about your backers who made this possible.  so far it seems to have been a quick thanks and then a run off with the money.
thanks very much for engaging with comments linda - it is much appreciated. i can completely understand that you need to cover the costs of our books and i understand that the cost of producing a full print run once a product has been finished allows costs to be reduced. this price difference would make more sense though if you were doing a bespoke print run just for backers to enable them to either a) delivered early or b) different content from the main print run. but that's not the case as i understand it. we're receiving the standard retail versions at the standard retail time. just at a much higher price. essentially we’re funding the development costs. which i guess is what we're here for. but this does seem a somewhat mercenary approach (accidentally, i suspect, as you’ve always seemed genuine in reaching out to people re. missed birthday gifts etc). i know that at its most fundamental kickstarter is just a way for people with an idea to access zero interest finance on the basis of just a nice webpage. you’ve done that very successfully. you may well do it again. but i can’t imagine why anyone who checked out this one would back another of your projects. there’s no unique backer only insight or engagement with the creative process. there’s nothing special or personal to say ‘hey, i helped make this cool thing happen’. there’s just an opportunity to pay considerably more for a mass produced product. which i think is a bit of a shame.
hello everyone, and thanks for reaching out with your concerns. thanks also for all the support and cheering up i’ve received from around the world, i’m really grateful! to respond to the discussion below yes, i’m working with macmillan to publish the book for the general public, and am really excited about that! however, i still need to pay for all the kickstarter books and their shipping, macmillan won't be paying for them, nor will the advance cover the costs in any way, so the kickstarter funding is used for the production of the book and the shipping to all of you, just as planned. in addition, i have used some outside help in graphic design, development and editing. you made the project possible and forever grateful for that. the backer categories were my estimation on all the expenses so i could make the book and it was about right. extra copies of the books won’t be as expensive as it’s just printing more of the same. everything else that went to making the book is already done. for printing something that’s already written and drawn is cheaper. you made it all possible! thank you!
wow!  i would also like an explanation. the waiting is a little annoying but paying double the price for it is horrible.
@jh +1 and an extra 'wow'
"also noticed that hello ruby is available for preorder on amazon for $14" - wow. first of all congratulations on securing a deal with a major publisher, that's great news and a great personal achievement. i also don't mind that its late as such  - that's just a risk involved with kickstarter. but the fact that the book is on pre-order with amazon for a considerably lower price (even at rrp!) than backers paid is a real kick in the teeth. that means backers will have: paid more than retail recieved it as the same time as retail recieved no stretch goals or extras recived no unique insight into the process  -  as all of your updates are available to the world at http://blog.helloruby.com/ i guess that just leaves us with a just the warm glow that this project only succeeded because we subsidised it. which, in fairness, is the minimum kickstarter is technically built to deliver. given the impressive marketing and brand awareness you've managed to achieve though i'm not sure we were that necessary anyway. it would be really nice if you could just offer your backers something tangible as a thank you though. early access to a draft seems a nice suggestion. at the moment there doesn't seem to be anything.
i don't personally mind that the book is late -- i understand how kickstarter works and that every project has bumps along the way. i work in book publishing, and i totally get why you can't give out anything before the october release date. i'm just hoping for more transparency in regards to what the kickstarter money is being used for -- if you have a contract with a publisher, then editing, printing, distribution, and shipping are all being paid for by them. i also noticed that hello ruby is available for preorder on amazon for $14. so i don't really know why i paid $40.
your publishing agreement with macmillan, are you paying them to publish your book?
@ ken whitaker, thank you ! linda is extremely lucky to have you as a backer willing to offer such professional and experienced advice. this is certainly one of the added bonuses of a kickstarter campaign, that sadly too many creators apparently fail to recognise. it is not just about getting money to get a project going, but a far more valuable resource is the open, willing expertise, and support from many in the backer community. and for many backers there is a certain expectation of a moral obligation to reciprocate their goodwill in a respectful, relational way .... good communication being key. @linda i sincerely hope that you are both smart enough, and have an adequately functioning moral compass, to heed the great advice you are getting. there is *still* a chance to turn this around into a great, or at least good, campaign (i think). that said. while i am happy and confident that you will now, one day, deliver a quality product. great !! and kind of happy in the knowledge that backing you has supported you in this endeavour. for me this has turned into a non-campaign, this is the first time i have checked the comments for a while now, backer trust and interest diminished, i am just a purchaser of a very, very delayed product. but on the bright side, i do have an interesting case with some unique aspects for my developing overview of 'the crowdfunding' experience, on the whole this is still sitting in the 'how not to' category, most certainly not the worst of course, but way, way off from the better ones.. an interesting apparent underestimation of crowdfunding's full potential and how to tap into it, a curious misalignment with the more pioneering nature of the book's content (which hinted at maker community values). my brand expectations have now been realigned by my backer experience
hello, i'll be moving between now and october, what would be the best way to update my shipping address with you after i move?
alfred, thanks, smiles back! ken, thanks for your comments! i will look to share more sneak peaks and previews in my next backer updates.
my goodness, the kickstarter community is vicious. given all the negativity below, i just want to say that i'm a backer (not a customer or an investor) who understands how kickstarter works. i see no reason to believe you're less than fully committed to completing the vision we supported and fulfilling your obligation to your backers. indeed, by signing with a giant like macmillan, it sounds like you're valuing your obligation above personal gain. thank you for your hard work, and remember that for everyone complaining, there are many of us who are graciously, patiently, and eagerly awaiting the book! here's a smile to lighten up the comment wall. =)
proofreading my last comment, the "8 to 90 percent" should have been "80 to 90 percent." sorry.
@ ken whitaker, thanks for your clear and concise comments. i think they reflect the thoughts of many of the backers here.
+1 ken whitaker
sure, linda. appreciate another update with more explanation. unless there's a contractual or intellectual property issue with macmillan, do yourself and your backers a favor: publish a pdf from your original artwork (hopefully, you have used indesign or something equivalent to layout the book) and send out a preview pdf to just your backers. writing books, delivering software products, and just plain being on a schedule with art or technology project is certainly stressful, but also it goes along with the creative process. we all go through anxiety attacks, lack of sleep, and so on. i believe it to be true that the goodwill of backers have enthusiastically made this a successful (i'd say dramatically financially successful) creative and financial venture. once the book is distributed through normal channels, i bet it will be an even bigger hit. when a schedule gets behind sometimes with scope creep (double the pages you mentioned in update #17) or the effort is just plain misjudging, rather than give up you've finished the content. wonderful! in the software development world, a typical approach when a project is late (dramatically late) is to ship something as-is and pray that it works out. not ever a good idea. even if it is 8 to 90 percent "really" finished, the feedback you've received from the publisher or other independent freelancers, seems like there's no recourse but to wait until october or so. quite possibly the best thing to do to avoid (1) refunds being asked by a number of backers or (2) improve backers'  eroding confidence could be quite simple. alternatively, put together a beta preview edition of your book that can be downloaded by your backers with all the necessary disclaimers. in the magazine publishing world which i am a part of (besides putting on leadership workshops and creating software apps), several times a year our magazine is constructed, edited, and published by a very small team. this includes artwork, lots of text and formatting, and even the inevitable moving pages around and last minute changes. all of this in high-quality color rendering. except for the authoring part, we put together a 48-64 page,high-quality rendered magazine in just under 30 days. i'm sure i'm not the only backer who knows how to do book layout design and fixed-format pdf output, but i'd be happy to help. your publisher may not want to have anything to do with alternative, less professional approaches, but if they would like to have close to 10,000 happy customers, they'll help figure out something to deliver to your backers quickly. your backers didn't fund a major publisher's risk, they funded an individual innovator (you!) to create something magical and to get it in front of their children. please do the most important, long-lasting thing with a project like this: satisfy your customer!
hi all! to clarify on the shipping date of the ebooks, yes, that will happen in october 2015, i know it’s a long wait.. it's really no excuse, but many kickstarter projects, especially ones that are super popular end up being late (a study said 84% - and in my category, one of the other big children's books projects ended up being 2 years late.. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/airshipambassador/wollstonecraft).  it's stressful for you backers, but it's also horrible for me. i've had so many sleepless nights and outburtsts of crying, i've stopped counting. the kickstarter founders have also written about this (https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/is-lateness-failure) extensively. the date when i can deliver the book to you couldn’t come too soon. i really hope you enjoy it and feel it was worth the wait. some of you also asked why i can’t ship the books earlier. macmillan, my publishing partner’s role got confirmed only very recently. i had been preparing to self publish the book throughout these months if i could not find a reliable publisher. i looked at a lot of different options, but it this was the fastest option to deliver a high quality book to you. the way macmillan sees it, is that they want to do one global launch and sending the e-books out in advance would mess it up. i realise how lucky i’ve been in having the wonderful ks community to push my project forward. creating a book is lonely, there’s only so much you can outsource. i’ve used graphic designers, developers and outside editors as well as help with communications and support. but the creative work happens only by me. i’m a first time illustrator and author, and those of you who’ve followed my updates, know that there’s a lot i needed to learn. the reason i ended up going with a traditional publisher is because of the talent in handling the entire process from editing, printing and shipping at scale even though i ended up paying for them to do so. i didn’t want to mess up the printing and logistics so that wouldn’t delay the project any more than it already had.  i spoke with many freelancers, but no-one could help with the entire chain of production. and after the project exploded way beyond the original scope of printing a few hundred books, i felt this was the best route to make sure it all goes well. wishing everyone a great start to a new week! linda
in her public comments in the updates section of this campaign, she states that the ebook is coming out at the same time as the book. when i signed on to back, i was backing a book that i thought would have almost a homemade quality to it.  while i applaud your luck in making the big time, i can't help but feel that it was at the expense of your backers.. you haven't taken any of us on a journey, you've taken us all for a ride.
hello again linda, i'm one of the backers for the ebook. since you didn't even mentioned it in your last update, and taking into consideration the comment of @dlm, i'm going to assume that the ebook won't be available until octuber as well. so, ** i want to kindly asking a refund **. ** you can do refunds, without any troubles through amazon payments. i've seen do it several times in several projects (i.e. letterforms) ** . so, please, for once, look after the problems of the campaign in a reasonable period.
congrats on getting a big publisher to sign on with your book, that's very cool. like others i'm in a sweet spot now with my chance to use the ruby book.  a lot of things with a child can happen in 8 more months before the book comes out.  i think you should send the ebook version out now so those of us that are time constrained can use it now. based on the comments, below, lots of people would be happy with that.
linda (and fellow investors), as one of your backers and with all of the fanfare, i appreciate your happy messages of continued late delivery estimates. i have published all sorts of books (managing software maniacs with j. wiley) and also self-published. rather than inform everyone that you're basically done yet shipping books in october 2015, let me offer some suggestions. 1. use the massive excess funds to get some artistic/layout help and get it done by end of feb 2015. 2. immediately send everyone who funded you the digital ebook version of the book. pdf is okay since kindle on ipads can view fixed or variable formats. this should be an instant email blast. 3. print a run for just the investors. although i prefer to print in the us, i can refer you to a couple of offshore printers who can reliably print in color so that delivery takes place in march 2015. a 10k unit run of color soft-copy books should only cost a few dollars / copy and you'd make 9,258 investors really happy. linda, with all respect, this isn't a "journey"--this is a major scheduling disaster. if the book is truly done as you recently indicated in your last of many status updates, it isn't difficult to get it out to your supporters. i'd be happy to help. ken whitaker leading software maniacs and editor of better software magazine seattle wa usa
when may we expect the digital version? thanks, maria
hey guys, i wanted to thank you for your continued support. you made the project possible and forever grateful for that. also, to let you know, i am continuing my backer updates this week spring and summer, sharing my journey in the early childhood computing and programming world. here are the previous updates, http://blog.helloruby.com/tagged/backerupdate some of you have asked about refunds due to a later than expected shipping. unfortunately kickstarter doesn't offer a way for me to refund backers, but you will all get the book you backed this fall. feel free to ask me questions here or on my inbox too. thanks!
what's up with this printed crap? i thought i was getting a one of kind, original, hardcopy (with your cute artwork).  i want my money back.  i'll just go buy the printed copy of the book in the stores or online when it's available in october (if it even is)
i also received a "personal" email on december 22. the text follows: hey, i wanted to directly address your concerns about the deal with the publisher - thank you for caring. since the process is still on-going with the publisher and the backer updates are public, i don't want to spill bad blood and complain about these things publicly. hope you understand and keep this between us! (i truly would love to be as transparent as i can, but in this case it would hurt us all.) i've been working with a major publisher (think top-5 of us) to help make ruby's world as great as possible. in the beginning i set out to find a great editor, and i found her. the thing with publishers is that they are not used to negotiating deals like this. they are slow. like really slow. the biggest problems i'm seeing currently have to do with their scheduling (they want to sync ruby's launch with their existing publishing schedule, which would mean fall 2015, which i obviously don't want!), they want to change the pricing of the e-books, they want to not allow for a kickstarter specific print-run and limit the amount of work i can put online to less than 10% of the books (hence why i haven't been able to share pictures). these four things are the topics we're arguing over. this, as you can imagine is very frustrating and they have an army of lawyers that make every single thing complicated. even though i was very pro working with a publisher in the beginning, i've started to rethink this. i have all the research done to self-publish (one option for printing in china, one option in pittsburgh and i have a dedicated amazon rep who has helped me plan the shipping). and now i just need to see if the publishers can work with my requirement to get the book to you guys as soon as possible. if not, i'm ready to go self-publishing route. i've talked with other succesfull kickstarter authors, like the guy behind wollstonecraft  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/airshipambassador/wollstonecraft) and on the other hand augie and the green knight (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/weiner/augie-and-the-green-knight-a-childrens-adventure-b) who decided to self publish. wollstonecraft is a whopping 2,5 years late because he ended up working with a traditional publisher and even augie is going to be a little delayed. it doesn't make it right, i know, but sometimes when a tiny project balloons way out of it's original scope and the author is figuring out everything for the first time. as to your specific questions:  yes, i have an editor. she's been working with me all along.  i haven't signed the contract with the publishing house, because of the fore mentioned problems.  i have an agent from foundry media. i have a list of recommended print houses (in us and in china) and fulfilment partners.  i respect your and try to make the updates fun and educational in a situation that sucks for everyone. i hope you've had even some value from them - and believe me, i'm the first person to be relieved when all the books have found their home. do let me know if you have any further questions. as soon as i have the final decision on the publishing deal, i'll let the rest of the community know more about the situation. i just hate giving deadlines and then having to take them back ("you'll have everything by january - > oops, publisher won't allow to ship until september"). one time was enough :)
communication really solves a lot of issues.  just be honest and let us know what's going on, please.
this kickstarter project is a really big disappointment. we all gave a hand to help linda with her goal of creating this children's book.  after a personal message with linda she informed me that she has a relationship with a publisher and she is currently working out a hard deadline with them for later this year. i don't have kids, and i don't have any interest in perusing the hello ruby website for updates on this project. from my perspective, it feels like linda is getting a lot of success from our contributions to this kickstarter project. she has created a large interactive website and has gained lots of attention and appreciation for this work all over. this success is good, and it is what i want for her. she has successfully turned this idea into a marketable product already. even without the physical promised book. the thing that i have tried to communicate over and over again to her is that the main problem is managing our expectations and keeping us (her backers) involved in the process along the way. i don't want to go to helloruby's website to find out this information. i don't want to be the person to send a private message to the author asking what the heck has been going on. i want linda to just be forthright with the information for her backers. we're in this with her and we're being treated very poorly.
@björn lennhed sounds like a plan to me...
i will give it 20 more days, until the 22nd of february has passed. then it will be more than one year since the project was successfully funded - if there is no set publication/shipping date i will demand a refund.  one would expect $380.000 and a year's worth of time (starting from an already well-defined idea) would result in something...
i think that you are correct and it's best to simply forget hello ruby and move on. given the project's history, i have no expectations that i will be offered a refund.
the helloruby website now says the book is coming out fall of 2015, since she won't actually answer you.  perhaps the website it lying?  at this point, who knows? she said below that a january update was coming and it didn't.  she said below that the december update "promise to also elaborate on the organisational side of things, how i’ve worked and what the process has been so far" and when she seemed to push those "organisational details" off to the january update, it was the last straw.  i think you should just call this kickstarter campaign a bust and start refunding money to those of us who want it.
it is about time you starting being honest with the people who have paid for you book. either you don't have the intention to publish the book or the ability to do so in a reasonable timeframe. which is it?
hi linda, happy new year! is there a real eta on this project? it seems like you should be issuing refunds at this point if you cannot give your customers some realistic information on printing and shipping.
so much for the january update. i'm trying to be optimistic that at least the contents of the next one will be better...
hi guys, a quick message to let you guys know that i'll send my monthly update for january, filled with details, soon! hugs, linda
i'm starting to agree with the other comments on here. we can't wait for the book, but it has been almost a year since the project was backed! hope there is a real update with hard details about shipping and delivery soon or i'll just move on to something else. no present for the kids i wanted to get this for.
besides being late with this project and still not having a clue when i'll be receiving my book, my kids are rapidly growing past the age appropriate for this level of instruction.  they weren't a year ago.  once a month updates wasn't my idea of "frequent".
hi there...i have just passed the year mark from supporting this project. as a gift to my niece it has turned out to be a horrible decision due to the timing and lack of real update with shipping date. i love your passion for the project and making sure it is ready for market. in future, maybe this isn't the best forum for finding sales and support. i will not support this type of project (publishing) again due to my experience with this. in giving  a gift...i have learned a lesson. sorry this has been such a desperate experience from a timing perspective. 16 updates later and i couldn't even tell her at her most recent birthday, a year later, when to expect last years present.
hi, i wondered if you ha brought date of when it will be ready cheers kim
if the book is done, why can't the backers who want the digital version get their reward? we don't care about shipping.
linda, i am very appreciative of all of the hard work you are putting into this project. i have no idea what goes into writing and publishing a children's programming book, and i still have no idea after being a backer for this project for nearly a year now.  it seems that many people part of the hello ruby kickstarter community have made it clear that literally any information that you can update us with is extremely important, no matter how trivial you think it may be. one backer asked the question: "1) are you working with a specific publisher or printer? " literally any of these responses are acceptable: a) #{publisher} is the publisher i am going with. b) i am in the research phase for this and contending with 3 different companies. c) i literally have no idea. i haven't even thought about it yet. this past year was supposed to be a journey into the creative process and real world implications of writing a programming book for children. so far you have only shared pieces of the creative process and contrition. i sincerely wish you success in this project and whatever opportunities that follow. however, this has been a very frustrating experience and i am not inclined to follow you on any more adventures like this.
hi deborah! i'll send an all-backers update later this month, lots to share! hope everyone's had a great start to 2015! <3
... it's already january 14th, right?
hi guys! mark, oh so so sorry to hear your kid is disappointed :( ruby wizardly is wonderful, i would also warmly recommend it to everyone looking for educational holiday gifts!! dlm, i sent you a private msg too, but just to say, i will get back to these questions in jan update. happy holidays! deepak, soon i hope! i will message everyone as soon as i know, trust me no one wants to see it out in the world more than me :) in the meantime, i’ve been adding some play ideas to helloruby.com that might be fun to check out! michelle, so sorry to hear about your frustration :( i promise i will let you know the shipping dates as soon as i know! greetings from snowy finland everyone, enjoy this special time of year! linda
dude chica... i've been expecting my hard book since august. i wouldn't mind backing up your other projects but this is getting ridic. weren't these original hard copies supposed to hand made or something? it's almost 2015 and i'm entering the year all cold and lonely with forty dollars less and no hard book to make me happy. so do tell what's up... thanks much.
was wondering when the ebook will be available. rough draft would work too. thanks
thank you, mark, this is a excellent option since there is an e-book option available at this late date. to quote linda: "in my dec update, i promise to also elaborate on the organisational side of things, how i’ve worked and what the process has been so far..." we'll see. all updates so far, have deliberately avoided any commitment or specifics regarding delivery, or even the slightest details about working with a publisher/printer. we backed a process and that's what we expect, "process" details. so, perhaps some more questions for linda are in order: 1) are you working with a specific publisher or printer? 2) if so, where? (ny? la? tokyo?) 3) if not, do you have an agent? 4) do you have an editor, apart from a friend or family member? it is the responsibility of the ks community of backers to hold campaigns accountable for their promises. we are our only advocates. cheers to all for the holidays.
to other backers with disappointed children like me... since the author still can't commit to a delivery date more than 4 months after the book was supposed to ship, i have told my son not to expect it. (i'm not trying to be mean spirited, linda, but the fact you won't commit to a date tells me you're not committed to delivering.) this is just how kickstarters go sometimes. hopefully 2015 is a better year. i have ordered him ruby wizardry http://www.nostarch.com/rubywizardry which is aimed at an older audience. i know it's going to require more explanation from me, but it's better than nothing. it might be worth looking at if you are in the same position as me.
thanks for responding in a timely manner.
hi dlm, the workbook is about 80% done, pending final user testing and some layout kinks to think through still, i'll be shipping it together with the storybook. melissa, lovely to hear, thanks for the kind words! i'll do my best to reflect on the ride this year's been. if there are any specific questions, you'd like to know more about, let me know!
keep up the good work linda. i understand that this is probably a very big feat to accomplish in your life, and i would like to say that i am grateful for you taking on this incredible challenge. this is my very first time backing a kickstarter project, so i didn't really know what to expect in terms of interaction and transparency. i also understand that kickstarter projects are not guaranteed to come to fruition. however, after reading some of these comment i agree that part of supporting you in this incredible project is to see and hear more about your challenges, small victories, and overall what this process is like from your perspective. those things may be difficult to track and relay, and possibly scary to share, but i support you and want to share in those experiences regardless. please remember that we're invested in this emotionally, not just financially. :)
what is the progress of the workbook?
linda, thank you for listening to our questions and taking the time to answer everyone as best as you can at the moment. this is very much appreciated  i look forward the dec. update with a bit more clarity, keep up the good work, keep us in the loop and we will be with you until the end.
hi community! thank you for your comments here and apologies for the really slow responses again. i just cleared out my inbox and will now reply to your comments here. my monthly update for nov, where i share some fun play activities and a sneak peak of the book layout, can be found from here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lindaliukas/hello-ruby/posts/1013518 in my dec update, i promise to also elaborate on the organisational side of things, how i’ve worked and what the process has been so far, as many of you are asking about these themes. fingers crossed, i’ll also be able to share a shipping date soon! much love, linda === sam, thanks for your comment, i’ll make sure to reflect on the ops side of this project in my next update. i’m truly sorry for the delay. === greg, thanks for being patient with this. i am hesitant to give a timeframe, but am not likely able to send backer deliverables before january at earliest. i know this project has shifted in scope since the campaign, and i really hope that you’ll enjoy the end product (which is right now looking like a 96 page opus:) all you backers are so very important to me, i intend to make my best to fulfil and exceed expectations! also, i’m truly sorry that you won’t be able to have the book by christmas. please send me a note with the receiver’s name and i’ll send them a little something to make the wait a little better. the feedback on more comms here is duly noted, i will take that up, as well as focus on more operational and production stuff in my future monthly updates and hard milestones. === lonnie & dlm, so sorry, i promise to be as specific as i can in the dec backer update! === rambokitty, i’ll do my best to fulfil my original backer promises, the ebook will be yours to keep :) === renee, you will soon! please follow the backer updates, i’ll update as soon as i have a weatherproof timeline for this! === enzo, thanks you do bring up a fair point and i will get more active here from now on and respond to everyone’s questions on a more frequent basis. if you have ideas on increasing interaction, i’d love to hear! would you like to take part in a twitter discussion or receive a video greetings telling about the process? === stefan, thanks for your note, and to respond in short; no, you won’t be getting any ‘lesser’ rewards or a different version of the book than what any potential future customer would. and yes, i have a publisher now with whom i’m negotiating the process, and who helps me with the massive logistics involved in handling almost 15,000 orders :) more over, what all you lovely people on kickstarter have enabled me to do is to find an agent and a publisher in the first place, allowed me to work closely with a professional editor in developing the story, as well as to build ruby’s universe much beyond the scope of just one book. as you see hints of in helloruby.com i’m in the process of creating mobile and web based tools and services for the hello ruby community, and am really excited to hopefully be able to share more soon! === rick, trust me it breaks my heart to tell that the book won’t be out and about in time for christmas. i’m working on something nice for you backers to express just how sorry i am for these delays! === casey, thanks for your feedback as well as understanding the delay situation. i will make it my point to address process and deadlines to the best of my ability in my dec backer update :) === peter, thanks! as with many of my peers, design factory was one of my first experiences of immersing in the creative process and am grateful for all the continued support coming in from otaniemi! === david - thanks for your kind words! in dealing with the delays, i’ve also had to teach myself that patience is indeed a virtue and sometimes processes do take time.. === nicolas s, thanks for your comment! i will address this in the next backer update too. i’ve been very cautious of giving set deadlines, as the last thing i’d want to do is make a promise i can’t keep.. === sheila, send me the name of the indented recipient and i’ll make a small xmas gift for them while we wait for ruby to meet the world :) === thieme, thanks for your kind offer! at the moment it will be in english only, but i’m actively thinking of translations as well and will tell you more and ask for help when the times right! === lorna, thanks for your feedback, i sincerely aim to work on improving communication behind the production process. wish you have a great time learning java! === nicolas d, it makes me really sad to have to tell that at this time, a christmas shipping is looking very unlikely. i’m so sorry for the disappointment. i know many are eagerly awaiting the book, and i’m working on sending you something to make you smile before the holidays!
any update? can you please send it before xmas?  (i'm in switzerland so please anticipate 3-4 more days for the shipping)
@casey +1 @nicholas +1 disappointing to experience such a lack of backer interaction. after a respectful 10 day wait for any kind of reaction to a direct message.  "scroll down for an update on the book content and some sneak peeks into what i am envisioning it looking like"    "a sneak peek into the artwork of the first chapters" "the final book will be somewhere between 64 and 72 pages" not quite what you would expect from an august 14 delivery estimate. so please linda can you let us know how many chapters are complete, if any, how many months more required to finish the book at the current pace (bearing in mind 9 months development has passed ). this is a very much appreciated initiative but not doing the kickstarter platform any justice by the way that it is being handled. it is not helpful for future creatives looking for support. i remain a big supporter of this initiative, the idea behind it is great, i just need to know if it is realistically going to take another year to complete the full 10 chapters so i can put this project to sleep and come back again in a year. as backer interaction seems to not be a feature of this campaign. in the meantime i decided to move on to youth digital mod design 1 - learning coding with minecraft mods (40% discount until 23rd nov with code zd40) - so i guess it is bye bye ruby and hello java for us
i've lost hope for a christmas delivery as well. i did notice in a past update this line: "i just finished the almost final version of the manuscript and sent it to my editor for review." this was back in june... i would hope the text is about done and she's trying to finish the illustrations? since she refuses to answer the questions i guess we won't know until we get the book.  very disappointing that she's not responding to backer questions. i've pledged many campaigns that ran late. some very late, but the creators were incredibly transparent and responded to all questions, which as i'm finding out now with this experience, made a world of difference.
a new update and still no clue if i'll be receiving this in time for christmas this year.  at this rate, i can only surmise that i've lost my money....
will there be translations? there are websites for community-based translations. i would be willing to assist with that (for dutch).
this would make a really nice christmas gift if it were finished in time!  please try to put the final touches on it soon.
to: atelierrenee@sonic.net subject: thanks for becoming a backer of hello ruby by linda liukas. i have never received my copy of "hello ruby."  what shall i do?
hello anybody.  if the project has a start and an end, oh and stuff in between, where are you in the whole timeline?  no more tales of travel and stuff. i think you need to post a video of what you have so far and look us in the eye and explain what's left to do.  pretty please.
@peter - i agree with you. the other thing to remember is that what we backed is a creative endeavor, writing a book. if anyone thinks that is an easy thing to do, especially with people making negative comments, then those folks should try it. the reality is that kickstarter is not a store. it is an opportunity to support someone in creating something new. i have some projects which are a year or more over due... patience is what makes projects go smoothly. sit back, relax, and enjoy.
hello backer friends! i feel bad seeing so much negative posting, so i had to comment a bit. i think this is a wonderful idea, there is nothing more important than the education of our youth. never have i seen a kickstarted project be on time, some are in fact ridiculously late. i think the healthy way to back a project is to back something you think is cool enough to support unconditionally and consider the eventual product as a personal bonus. at least i wouldn't count on getting stuff on a specific day like someones birthday, that's just not very good risk management. i may be a bit pessimistic about most projects, but i can still be happy about supporting cool things and i only need to get angry if i get completely cheated out of my moneys.. so everyone keep in mind that you are supporting something cool! you were the ones to believe in this stuff before it was a success. :)
i've backed many projects, some with delays, and actually a few that were ontime. late is the norm, no question, but even those that were late always gave detailed information about the process, partnerships, contracts, deadlines, etc. we could see where the money was going. this also isn't my first book, previous books have actually been the ones ontime... i think the main issue is the updates are almost solely about the creative process, your travels, and less about the pieces needed to complete the campaign.  questions were already asked so i just won't list them again, but from the updates it appears that our money was taken and used to travel, for a "slow and dreamy summer"... zero updates in almost a month, nor any response to the questions posed. plus according to the last update you are still trying to figure out "what is ruby about?". i'll still take my chances on kickstarter campaigns, but each experience like this just teaches me more about what to look for when scanning projects.
@rick behl - my guess is that we won't be seeing this book in time for christmas.  the helloruby website says expected delivery is january 2015.  linda promised more timely updates, but as you can see, that's not happening.  simple answers to simple questions at this point, would be nice.  her backers here gave her almost 400,000 dollars, you'd think that would be worth more transparency. sad to say but i've basically written my contribution off and most likely won't invest in any other kickstarter projects.  as with anything else i suppose, never spend more than you can afford to lose (a mantra i follow religiously with ebay).
i really believed this was an awesome project and backed it hoping that i would get this on time for my 5 year old daughter. i have backed many projects on kickstarter and i understand that delays are common. but the projects where i experienced delays were hardware projects often involving many many moving parts, electronics, china manufacturing, distribution, fulfillment, regulatory requirments, health and safety certification, etc, etc. even with all these very understandable difficulties most of these hardware projects are delivered with a 3-4 month delay on the original estimate. and in pretty much every case there is a very excusable reason as to why the delay happened. so now i can scratching my head about what could possibly cause a similar delay in a book project? i don't believe a book project has regulatory hurdles, health and safety certification or any one of the many other problems which a hardware project may have? so even though i still really want to believe in this project my patience is really starting to wear off and i'm starting to feel a little disappointed... i don't know if these are stories are true about publishing deals, etc, etc but if true that would really leave a bad taste in my mouth... i just hope i can get this book in time for christmas for my 5 year old...
i have never received hello ruby   here is confirmation of order   please reply congratulations! you're a backer of  hello ruby by linda liukas  pledge summary amount pledged $40.00 usd reward the hardcover book + workbook. one lovely, hardcover copy of 'hello ruby' with the workbook. self.heart :ruby estimated delivery aug 2014 shipping within the us  if this project is successfully funded, your card will be charged on: sat, feb 22 2014 1:16 am est when your reward is ready, linda liukas will send you a survey via email to request any info needed to deliver your reward (mailing address, t-shirt size, etc). share this project with your friends!
"i know ebook would make a huge difference, the problem again is that since it won't be self-published (b/c as a first-time author i have my hands full with the book alone, not thinking about the logistics for 15000 books..) e-books will be a part of the publishing deal. i wish it was as simple as sending you the pdfs, but alas, not anymore." comment from linda liukas in october she mentions a publishing deal herself.  thank you for the info about january, looking forward to it!
where are you seeing that she got a book deal @stefan r.?  i can't find anything.  but i did discover that the helloruby.com site says the book is shipping in january 2015.  take that for what it's worth.
when i backed this project i thought i'd be backing a young woman's dream of self-publishing her book. i understood from her budget breakdown that our money would go into production, covering of fees and shipping. and i was really thrilled to see so many backers raising a staggering $380,747. that's a lot of money. i thought, yay, self-publishing does work, i'm happy for linda!  now i'm learning that linda got a book deal after the project was successfully funded (doubtlessly because of the media coverage the huge backing got then) which means that on top of the backer's money linda is being paid by a publishing house for hello ruby. sweet.  but then i want to know: what is our money used for? how will the publishing deal affect the rewards, the printable pdfs and ebooks in particular? will we get a different (a lesser) version from hello ruby than what is being published with the book deal? it would be really nice to get a clear answer on that.
linda logged in a few days ago but still no response. hopefully we'll get a more detailed update sometime soon...
i just want to know where she is exactly in the process.  is the book done and you're shopping for a publisher?  is the workbook done?  is the book 95% done?  you want to be transparent and elaborate on your responses, but all i'm seeing is a lot of extraneous stuff.  i backed this at the beginning of the year, with the idea that your delivery date was pretty solid.  this was in time for a birthday and christmas.  now it doesn't seem as if we're going to see any of this, this year. anyone else have a problem with "monthly" updates?  i'd prefer an ongoing conversation here to answer questions.  we basically backed you for a product and perhaps to some degree (a concept/brand).  i feel like now, everything is getting lost in the concept/brand at the expense of the first book. i'm trying very hard to be respectful of your process, but it's getting increasingly hard for me to do that with the lack of communication and hard deadlines.
hello?... ruby?... are you still there? i see you are active at twitter... and in other exciting duties. that's good! (indeed, no pun intended). i imagine linda that if you haven't said nothing back is because of the extreme care you are taking to deal simultaneously with your editor and getting together another "hold-on-i'm-almost-there" activity for your backers to deal with the additional waiting time (at least i hope so) . that's fine an i've really enjoyed your past bonus messages. i believe the thing that would help here a lot is a more regular or at least an increasing interaction from time to time in this space, even if it is as short as a  tweet. hope, as my fellow backers, to read from you soon. :)
[cricket ...cricket ...cricket]
i have not received my hello ruby -  what to do?
the ebook is supposed to be:  "your choice of epub, pdf or mobi) available for your phone or tablet."
let me guess: after securing a publishing deal, the pdf version means an adobe drm-ed book which can only be read on one device for a year or two before the license expires? oh boy. a cheap lesson of never ever supporting a product in advance again.
i have made other comments in response to the most recent update so i will not repeat them here. suffice it to say that i concur w/sam, greg and lonnie. the lack of specifics is very disappointing, especially given the fact that over one-third of a million dollars was raised; 3,000% over her goal.
i will just write, "ditto," to both greg and sam's comments.  travelling around europe does not sound like writing.  it sounds like you are making excuses to spend pledged money for travelling around europe.  it would seem far fetched to think the publishing and/or instruction expertise you seek is not right in ny and only in europe. you may want to seriously consider offering people their money back.
hello again, thank you for the update? when i signed on to back hello ruby, this is what i thought i was signing up for: 1.  a pdf version of a 32 page book. 2.  a pdf version of a 16 page workbook. i very carefully read through your original campaign.  in it, you mention a few things that i think are pertinent to where we are today.  "i'm writing and illustrating all of this myself.  most of the funds will be productions costs:  printing the books and workbooks and hiring an editor."  have you printed the books yet?  have you hired an editor?  are you finished writing and/or illustrating the book? have you already written the "parents guide" (part of the 250,000 stretch goal)? you indicate in your campaign that, "every additional dollar will go towards building the magical world of ruby. a larger budget means i can commit to making everything so much more better."  i think this is wonderful and i wholeheartedly endorse it, not however, at the expense of what i originally backed the project for, which was a 32 page ebook and 16 page workbook.  if you put out the original product and make major upgrades to it within the year, how about offering backers the upgrade for being an original backer? you gave us an update but offered up very little in the way of specifics.  i think we all understand that deadlines can come and go, but i'm with sam on this one, "a slow and dreamy summer" doesn't sound much like you buckled down and tried your hardest to deliver what we backed your project for.  when can we expect the product?  this year?  next year?  3rd quarter of next year?  it sounds as if the book and workbook have taken a back seat to "building a brand" and travel.
hi linda, people are expecting you to produce a book.  now, we get an update that you've been traveling around europe and have had a "slow and dreamy summer."  most people just sit down for, roughly, 8 hours a day, 5 days a week and put in real effort when they have work to do (like a real job in the real world).  i understand that your creative process might require flights of fancy, but i'm not seeing any effort being put into the actual production of this book.  from what i've seen so far, you have some "branding" ideas.  stickers, really? if anything, i am seriously worried that you may - possibly - be blowing through your funding money on fun excursions.  there will be real costs to producing this book, and i would hate to see the project fall apart due to poor fiscal judgement.  i you must work with far-flung collaborators, wouldn't skype suffice?  trips to europe are very expensive, and your timelines are non-existent.  this project is not looking as promising as it once did. i sincerely hope that future updates will be able to show real progress toward an actual deadline (please set one for yourself).
sorry everyone for slow responses here - i turned the e-mail notifications back on to be a little bit faster. my monthly update is here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lindaliukas/hello-ruby/posts/1013493 and individual answers below :) oliver, i hesitate to give out a delivery date because i'd feel super bad if that fell through as well. i'm aware that a lot of people definitely estimated having this for christmas and will work my hardest to have something for you by that. dlm, i'm sorry : ( i try to write a monthly backer update where i tell about the process in detail, this one was delayed and it was all my lack of prioritisation. i'll try to be more punctual. and you all mean *so* much for me, that's why i try to make the updates as informative, fun and elaborate as possible. michelle, yeah, the book is a little delayed as i'm figuring out the publishing process and hopefully using the help of some skilled publishing houses in managing the logistics. this means i need to negotiate everything else too, as the book won't be self-published anymore and it's just taken way more time than i anticipate. i promise to write you all on a monthly basis. lonnie, i know ebook would make a huge difference, the problem again is that since it won't be self-published (b/c as a first-time author i have my hands full with the book alone, not thinking about the logistics for 15000 books..) e-books will be a part of the publishing deal. i wish it was as simple as sending you the pdfs, but alas, not anymore. that's why i'm making the other materials available (like the computer), hope they'll be fun and help with the wait. (continuing with another comment in a sec, thank you all for the questions and concern - it's important that people care and there's transparency.)
any news on an estimated delivery date? i thought august would give it enough leeway for christmas but it's getting close now and no update.
soooo we help you raise over a quarter million bucks and still no specific details about your progress or even a courtesy reply to recent requests for updates. bummer.
just wondering when i will receive the hard-copy book?  my address was given (survey).  has there been a delay? please let me know.
i have to agree with carol, aubrey, and greg.  given we are past the estimated delivery date, and the pdf version should not be impeded by printing and distribution concerns, it would be nice to either have the pdf version delivered or be given specific and frequent (weekly) updates as to why it has not been delivered.
at this point since you're 2 months "overdue" on the estimated delivery date, it would be really nice to have ongoing, regular updates on where we are as backers.
hello linda, i haven't received the the e-book - digital version of the book. can you let me know if it is done and can send the pdf version to me? thanks, aubrey
hi linda, do you have an estimated date for the e-book/pdf? i'd be great to get that if you have completed the book (since manufacturing the hardcover and shipping is usually where projects get delayed). otherwise, i'd love an update on where you are in the process since it's been a while.
any estimation when we may receive the books? was hoping to give this as a christmas gift.
hi linda, how's going! was wondering about the delivery of the project. is it still in prototype phase or in production? is it possible to have an idea of what all is done till now? please update accordingly. cheers
i have not received hello ruby.
hello, i purchased the pdf version. how can i get that? thanks, aubrey/tinkerwheels
hey jorge, sure! glad you find the updates helpful. i think changing the e-mail happens from your kickstarter settings? here are the instructions: https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions…
hello linda, congratulations on everything, i love your detailed letters and hope to see your book. i just wanted to change mi email for updates, i try to change it but it only lets me change the address, could you help me. thanks and keep the great job.
hey enzo, just updated on august :) sorry about being a little delayed, wanted to include the playtesting too!
hi there! are there any august updates? regards
thanks for the reply
alicia & justin, the book unfortunately will be late - i'll write more in the august update and am planning on doing something fun for all of you while you're waiting. i'm super sorry about the delay : ( and alicia, drop me a line and we'll figure out something fun for your daughter for her birthday!
hi there, just chasing an update on delivery as there doesn't seem to be info on that here yet? i was planning to give your book to my daughter for her birthday this month.  very much looking forward to it :)
hi linda, just after an update on delivery, are you on track for an august delivery? cheers
thibaut, awww, thank you! many congratulations on the baby, such wonderful news. i'll let you know for sure once i'm in paris, the paris.rb people have helped so much with rails girls stuff that it's time for me to pay a visit :)
linda, i just wanted to say that you are amazing... @berlimioz and i (@tibastral) are two french ruby developers and we ... are waiting for a baby :) so we look forward to read your book to our little boy. we would love to have you come to the meetup we organize @parisrb (http://meetup.com/parisrb) and to talk about your amazing project !
sofia, i should have everything ready on my end by beginning of august :)
hi! when do you expect having the book ready?
josh & lisa, yes, a big one on the structure & teaching topics for the book and the philosophy behind it (+ some pictures :). i just want to make sure the updates are useful and include also material outside of just updating on the process (e.g the last one talked about illustration). should have it out early next week!
any updates for your backers?
hello there!  haven't heard anything in a while.  how is it coming along??
regarding your update and mentioning imposter syndrome, don't look for or wait for 'permission' to be doing this as it doesn't exist! just focus on applying yourself and trying, and we're standing alongside you enjoying the journey, wherever it goes :) and regarding having a massive plan needing broken down into checklists, i highly recommend instagantt.com onwards!
thank you caktus :) looking forward to seeing your project too!
congratulations, linda! awesome project. looking forward to see ruby finally become reality!
hi linda! huge congratulations on your successful fundraising!  i'm delighted to be a backer and looking forward to seeing this amazing book in print. in your email you seemed a bit concerned that having now a much larger print run (great!!!) might delay fulfilment and i just wanted to say, please don't worry about that and please take your time with the book ... it has taken you a long time to get this far and it will be something you'll be proud of for year to come, so don't rush it for the sake of a few weeks or months! personally, i back kickstarters because i *love* to be involved with the process, even more than getting the final product.  so i'm very happy to have a longer time for fulfilment, and lots of updates along the way telling us about the challenges and what you're learning  :d if you want an extra pair of eyes for proof-reading, i'd be happy to do some - do ask your backers for practical help and moral support along the way!  we're 100% behind you, linda and ruby! with very warm wishes from london, pascale xx
emanuele, thank you! :) remi & kelukelu, yup, jason is a dear friend helping me co-produce the project.
probably getting around some kickstarter/tax issue for non us citizens.
congrat from palermo, italy! great project from a great woman!
ah i see the message now, sorry. congrats on the successful kickstarter :)
who is jason foral?
congratulations!! i can't wait to see the final product and share this amazing book with my kids xxx
linda, i think you are amazing, and i look forward for the result !!
yosuke, thank you so much! japan has a very special place in my (and of course ruby's) heart. wibbly, jason is a dear friend who is helping to co-produce this :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lindaliukas/hello-ruby#project_faq_79567 christian, thanks for the feedback! this is exactly why i'm hoping to use an editor - as a non-native english speaker all the nuances are not always immediate. aaron, thank you!! matthew, i don't think it is unfortunately : ( but you'll be able to print more! rui, yup, as alak said, it's all included :)
congrats from japan! i'm very excited.
@rui, linda already answered to this, and the answer is yes :)
who is jason foral?
hi, i really love this and would love it even more if the "ruby can be bossy" would be altered. "bossy" is mainly a negative word, used primarily for females​ (see below or doves commercial). i would perfer "ruby knows what she wants and says/does it", "...assertive" or similar in the final version. see sheryl sandberg about how the word "bossy" is used (08:28): http://www.ted.com/talks/sheryl_sandberg_so_we_leaned_in_now_what.html my daughter isn't bossy, she has executive leadership skill ;)﻿ just ask yourself, what would ruby's (male) pet python be? bossy or decisive/assertive/strong willed?
congrats!!
is there a way to increase my pledge for an extra workbook? should i just add $20 equivalent to the e-book and workbook pledge levels?
hey linda, i just pledged for the hardcover book and wanted to know if that includes the ebook and digital workbook? super excited!
hey robert, i think this should help: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dreamforge-games/something-wicked-this-way-comes-crusader-plastic-m/posts/290134
how to pledge for multiple rewards?
jt, thank you!  luckily kickstarter just introduced a feature for this, so your book will be arriving to the right place :) https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/new-feature-managing-backer-address-changes
look forward to this! do you know how i can update my shipping address, since i'll be moving next month and the final product won't be available until august?
congratulations, a brilliant project, a great idea!
congratulations linda!!! this is amazing;*
congratulations!!! i'm very excited about this project! the youth these kinds of coding resources.
@mary, aww, thank you so much! very humbled and happy to be working on this task. @jacqueline, yeah, luckily kickstarter just introduced a feature for this, so your book will be arriving to the right place :) https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/new-feature-managing-backer-address-changes @eli, aww, that's so amazing! slcc sounds epic - check out guides.railsgirls.com for the materials we put together, if at all helpful in learning. and happy to put you in touch with other similar organizations if you ever want to pick their brains.
so excited for my 4 yr old and 15 mo old (when the time is right) to be exposed to what is naturally the next 'alphabet' for their generation. proud to support this endeavor---may you continue your successes!!
i just pledged for a hardcover copy of the book! :) but the address i'll be at in aug will probably change. is there a way to change the address when the time comes?
this is awesome!! my husband is a ruby programmer, and a bunch of his coworkers' spouses/girlfriends/female friends just started up a sassy ladies coding club to learn ruby and do cool stuff. we're still beginners, but we're really excited about! my husband and i are also planning for kids soon, so of course i'm backing this project!! thanks!
alak, yup :)
i saw a blog about your project! http://wigglingscholars.com/blog/2014/1/28/technology-and-teaching-quite-the-combo-and-a-giveaway
hey, for the hardcover pledge ($40) did we get the ebook too?
liam, unfortunately not : ( the kickstarter batch of books will be otherwise unique though :)
linda, are the hardcover books signed?
@denis, i think this is a kickstarter feature - you'll need to make two separate pledges (not sure if this either is possible unfortunately : ( ) @mary, i don't think i'll be using fedex, most likely amazon, so this shouldn't be a problem. sounds super weird : ( @todd, thank you! love the craft computer club, so many similar thoughts to mine. and i'll try to give as much guidance as i have for parents trying to help their kids navigate the world of programming.
just wondering how i select two pledges.. the pledge selection is a radio box, so cannot select two.. thanks, dk-
hi when you ship are you planning to use fedex? i'm having some problems with them sending out expensive invoices months after i have received goods from kickstarter despite me paying shipping in advance. if possible can you use a different service -  thanks
i love hello ruby can't wait i backed several others like this as well. hoping they would complement a curriculum of sort for a single father trying to get a 7 year old daughter up to speed on everything about a device she will use daily for the rest of her life it seems. thought i would share it with you to see what you think https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inpractice/craft-computer-club-a-crafty-way-to-inspire-little  good luck and congrats on breaking 300k lets keep pushing for the app reward. i know i will. it's the least i can do to give back to you. thank you.
seth, superb! i love kano, what they are doing is great. michael, sharing the sentiment :) and thank you. suryakala, thank you! all this sounds very exciting, will get back to you once the book is out, would be great to learn more.
i'm excited to share this with my son and take what we learn and use it on the kano i buy him.
i cannot wait to share this book with my little girl.  although she is four, i think a father can never invest too early in his child's education.
hearty congratulations linda on crossing the $300k pledge goal! i am hoping to use your book(s) to teach poor young girls in rural india so it may peak their interest in pursuing a career in sw programming when they grow up. i own a social venture where i teach rural youth in south india to design and build solar appliances (website: www.indosolenergy.in) for local sale. as such, i  work with ngos and rural schools where i hope to form "ruby girls' clubs" so the girls in the community can have fun getting together to discuss ruby's adventures/programming concepts. as they say, when you promote girls' education, it helps the entire family break out of the cycle of poverty. kudos to you on your wonderful achievement! -kala
stephen, very cool idea :) we were thinking of something similar for last week, but not set on details yet.
oh and a +1 for a french version. our son attends a french immersion school.
congrats, i'm looking forward to working on this with our 8 year old. any thoughts on offering a classroom pack? like 25 copies of the book and downloadable workbook? i don't know how well it would sell, but you might get a couple parents willing to purchase a set for the child's school. just a thought.
hendrikus, yup, it's really amazing what the uk government is doing. i was actually in the launch event in london and you could really feel all of the energy. matt, would love this - plush toys officially in the backburner :) sangita, python will actually be present in the first storybook, however not as a language but as a pet for little mr. django. most of the workbook stuff is also going to be language agnostic, exploring principles of code as opposed to specific language. but you never know, maybe there will be python adventures too :) ken, hmm - good question. as kickstarter is really not made for pre-ordering, the pledge categories can be a little limiting and handling shipping is going to be a big hassle. so just making two separate pledges would be unfortunately easiest solution for this.
hi linda, is there anyway i can pledge for 3x hardcover book and workbooks? i just got 2 other friends to pledge along with me. was thinking if it can be shipped in the same shipment to save cost on shipping and more money towards the book!
hi linda,   this is a wonderful idea and i wish you all the best with this project and all your future ones.  quick question, will you be doing a similar one for python? cheers in advance!
please consider making plush toys of ruby and her friends to go along with the books. i think they would compliment the books well.
dear linda, this is an absolutely fantastic project - so very necessary and beautifully constructed. i wish you all the best. there was an article in the british newspapers today - the government has launched the 'year of code' with a large fund for teachers, did you see it? http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/feb/04/government-year-of-code-500000-fund-computing-teachers i run a charity over here across the sea in the uk that works with children to teach them about nature conservation - i hope to incorporate technology heavily into our efforts - would love to talk to you about it once you are free to chat! your great success so far has helped fire us up at action for conservation to run a crowdfunding campaign. have a look and please promote it with your new found fame if you can: http://www.crowdfunder.co.uk/action-for-conservation thanks x
henrica, jee! toivottavasti ensi syksynä/talvena sitten. fernando, thanks! i definitely want to have parts of the book be under cc licences and/or somehow open source parts of it. many of the stories are actually online already at helloruby.com. i love and appreciate the work people put into oss and definitely want to give back in some way. avril, thank you! would love hearing more feedback from your girls - keep an eye on the backer updates :) richard, colouring is definitely on the roadmap (as are dot-to-dots, mazes and so forth). the weekly backer updates are a channel i can't wait to start using for feedback and ideation around the workbook and exercises. and probably eventually a forum/blog. the part of the project i'm most excited about! chip, love it! the narrative looks great :) kristiina, yes, indeed! it's amazing. i put the stretchgoals there almost as a joke, never could have believed how fast the first one would be reached. i'll keep everyone up-to-date about translations, but most likely it will be summer before i'll be ready to move on with them. donna, yes - it's been an amazing ride! feels like much more than only two weeks. john, aww, do let me know what they think :)
aivan super kova idis! suomen- ja ruotsinkielisiä versioita odotellessa :-)
linda, your project is awesome. just wanted to tell you, it's an amazing project! by the way, would you consider open sourcing the book as an stretch goal? like, if you reach "x" in financing, you'd make the ebook free for anyone. also this would make it legal and easier for people to translate the ebook to many languages. i think many people would support the idea. and best of luck to you, i think you're making a real difference here. ^^
linda, you are adorable!!  and your project looks great!  i have 2 girls, ages 5 and 9, who love to read and play on the computer.  thank you for putting this together!!
linda, are you going to make some parts of the book color able ? you know so kids could actually color in parts of the book maybe not ruby her self but some of the surrounding area's. and are you going to set up a forum for more feedback and talk about the books and future projects ?.
i'm not one to to advertise my own project, but i'm currently doing a very similar project, ios app development for teens by teens. i'm a teen, and i want everyone to know that anybody can make apps! help me out at: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/chipbeck/ios-app-development-for-teens-by-teens
so the parents guide will happen! now will have to start spreading the word more so that we get the mobile app too. linda, i know you are busy and overwhelmed, but i would really like to make this available somehow throught the electronic materials in swahili in tanzania... so when you are ready to talk about that let me know.
congratulations on hitting $250,000k. i remember pledging when you weren't even at $2000 yet and anxiously hoping you'd get to $10k so we'd see this book come to life.
i have a five year old girl who is going to love this.
nicole, still researching the ebook licenses, but ideally at least the workbook would be a pdf that you could print out as many as you need. but as said, still looking into the area! i'll update the backers as soon as i have more information. sorry for not being more useful : (
what's the license on the ebook?
@tommi, so so overwhelmed :d
way to go, 3rd in popularity @kickstarter!
oh boy - sorry everyone, i'm so behind on answering. and thank you so so much for all the support & love. i'm on the verge of tears here. axelle, thank you so much. the translations at this point are a huge unknown. i'm pretty sure they will be a temporary solution (like a downloadable, printable pdf), since logistics for printing & delivering small batches of language versions at this point is super hard. but i'll be sure to update the whole community as i figure out more and appreciate the enthusiasm so so much. mary, thank you! i grew up in uk, holds a very dear place in my heart. lotte, ha! hopefully soon. thank you for the support, ruby will definitely make her way into denmark eventually (you guys have a very cool software engineering culture over). cristina, thank you - i've been totally overwhelmed by the response and support, but maybe this is what internet at its best is about. mauricio, translations! someday, yes! and i miss bk so much.
by the way, if translation happen, will it only be for the ebook, or also hardcover ?
sounds like a great idea. i could help translating to french if needed.
looks great good luck with your project, look forward to sharing this book with my niece ;)  best wishes from the uk
simply love the way ruby makes all into coding their own applicaiton in stead of just consume others coding. say when, ruby is going to be challenged in danish :o)
so incredibly excited for you linda! bravo for the brilliance and foresight to create such a wonderful, practical, timely and important resource while keeping kids and how they learn in mind! very inspired! you go!
+1 in translation to spanish... i'm based in brooklyn
fantastic project!! translation to danish - my dear wife solveig will be happy to help :-) she is translating as a profession. kind regards from denmark.
wow amazing! please do not hesitate to contact me if u need help for your translation in german..would be lovely if i could help u :)
backing this since it goes well with my own efforts to tech programming to kids: http://happynerds.net/. linda, if you need any help or need someone to bounce feedback off, please feel welcome to contact me and have been teaching ruby since 2009.
hello, if you need help for a translation in french, you can contact me.
also i have a 3.5 y/o daughter who's getting the book!
if you are interested in translation to slovak (perhaps just for the ebook, market is small), i could help! i have 15 years programming experience and have actually taught c in university for a bit ;)
looking forward to this. as a tech teacher i have been looking for a book like this for out younger students.
i'm also backing a robot story by lisa seacat deluca http://kck.st/jifkto. i thought some of you might also be interested in this project. i am building up my geeky children's library and they're both perfect!
way to go linda!!!
great linda! congrats, more than 150k in less than two days! go on and please make the italian one! :-)
congratulations. one question though: will the digital version(s) be drm-free? thanks kindly, and congrats again.
i'm not familiar with copyright laws but should we be concerned with any of ruby's friends looking suspiciously like, iconic brands? i want you to succeed but i fear there may be some legal issues on the horizon.
pikkuveljille lahjaa odotellessa :)
i love a simple well conceived idea - and this is one. what lovely drawings. good luck with the rest of the campaign
nice project, good luck! i have to ask.. is that an original harkonen shelf on right of the frame at 1'12"? whoa! i thought they were impossible to get!
as a female technology education teacher and an expectant mama-to-be - this makes my girly-girl techy heart squeal with glee! i also can't wait to bring this into my high school classroom :)
hello from egypt.. great campaign.. ready for any arabic translation efforts..
hyvä linda!! well done! tilla (4y) and teo (7y) thank you :-)
this seems really good! i'm willing to help with the portuguese translation
when this is over, i think linda can very well post a picture of herself bathing in money :)
ah, i would be glad to help for italian translation!
i just backed your great project! please, make the mobile app anyway!!!
beautiful idea, can't wait to see it done. if you need help for spanish translation i'm in. congratulations
sounds a great combo (story+workbook)  approach to the coding journey for my two kids (and myself i hope). since i am interested in books for children i am also interested to help translating to spanish. thanks for your initiative! :)
love the book and what you are doing!  i have a 1, 2.5, and 4.5 year olds so the book will be quite worn in a few years :)  oh, yeah, congrats on the awesome pledges!  i do software and app development so love to sneak some technology into the kids learning...
this was an instant-backer for me.. i really really love the idea and i'm actually jealous books like this one where not available when i was that age :)
thanks for this initiative! best of luck!!
will pledge levels of $40+ also get an e-book?
if translated to swedish i would buy 3 more for my brothers kids, easy
omg, such a fantastic idea! i have been hunting for a way to help my daughter feel able to engage with it and code.....python for kids wasn't really getting the attention of a 1 year old girl! :o)
you had me at "... and solves problems with the wise penguins". we needs some updates and stretch goals.
multiple languages should be possible now :) and perhaps a small mini game for kids
100,777!
100k!
this is so great! i have to talk to you later about using the electronic material in tanzania where i work.
this seems to be being asked a bit, so from the faq: do the hardcover books include also the digital files? yes! i'll try to figure out a way to add this to the pledges, but the digital files will be included in all pledge levels (expect the 5 dollar one) just figured that could use some publicity.
very cool!  looking forward to seeing this come through!  i know it would probably add to the production cost, but would you consider adding different textures to story to augment the reading for visually impaired? it's easy enough for parents to write & add the text in braille to the book but it'd be really cool for the small visually impaired readers if they could touch & feel ruby and other characters.
love this, i have a 4.5 year old girl and so happy to find this book for her (and another one my niece). will you sign the books?
love this project! one question...do the hardcopy rewards include the ebooks?
can i just say...thank you.  this is so needed and that will show by the amount of money that is going to be backed.
can't wait to show this to my kids. thank you very much for doing this!
my 1 year old daughter is already using daddy's ipad and iphone and i want to encourage her to learn more about technology. i have have looking for something like this for months, it is a fantastic idea, i look forward to reading this with my daughter :)
i just backed 20$ i know its not that much but considering what your offering for that, im more than happy to pay a small amount for that. i would like to see how this all comes together thanks.
so so happy that you are making this book.  as a technology teacher k-5, this will be a perfect read for my younger learners to introduce them to coding.
great idea! i would love to see a dutch version. if you need a translator, count me in.
excellent initiative! can't wait to show this to my kid. keep up the great work!
imagine what could happen in the world if a lot kids got hello ruby into their hands?
great to see this finally happening. waiting to give these book to my nephew and niece!
i too would love to have the workbook in e-book format so i can have it for both my children, or the option to order multiple copies of the workbook.
this is a brilliant idea! it would be great to get a finnish version to the silicon valley finnish school. (i teach the group of 5-6 yrs old there as my hobby). also, i wonder if collaboration with john wood's room to read would make sense?
my 10yo has been asking me lately, "dad, can you show me the codes?" and i've been struggling with how to get her into it. even with this being geared towards a younger audience, this will be a great introduction for her! thank you for doing this!
linda, great book, i backed it instantly! my little girl's 7 now and i've been teaching her basic programming principles since she was 5, http://in-the-attic.com/2012/10/04/teaching-my-5-year-old-daughter-to-code/, and i think this book would be an excellent addition to her learning material. a quick question though, is it possible to also get the workbook as an ebook with the hardcover book. i'd love to be able to run through the workbook a couple of times with my daughter so would like to be able to print it out a few times as well.
linda, you probably want to mention jason foral somewhere on the page as he's listed as a recipient of the pledge by amazon. needless to say this is a great idea, i hope it works out just as planned! and on time! :)
yay! i am so glad you're finally jumping in and doing this linda! congrats! ;d
woohooo $10,000 goal exceeded!
i'm so excited about this idea. my husband, a ruby programmer, shared this page with me and i was on board instantly to back the project. i am an early childhood teacher and i love children's stories that have gorgeous artwork and tell a really valuable story. i am a big fan of the push to encourage more girls to get into it and this is a really ingenious way to get that happening - girls love a good story. i cannot wait to get my copy and share it with my own children and my students!
awesome work linda! can´t wait to read the book to my niece and nephew :) 10k easy, lets add another zero!!
i love the illustrations! this is a must-have!
awesome linda, can't wait to see the final products!
linda's project is inspiring, not just because it will inspire youngsters, but because it demonstrates the creativity and playfulness that is an important quality of the ruby programming language. this little book will take its place with books like why's poignant guide to ruby as a reflection of the creativity that is valued in the ruby community.
hi there, i am the blog master for http://codesum.blogspot.com i was previously known as the codecademy girl. i love writing about stories of people learning to code and their journey. really want to interview you and write a post about you. help promote this project. also to hear your story. i am just starting a startup work, so will have more to back the project, a bit later~
totally awesome! i'll make sure to stalk people about this (and can't wait until my daughter is old enough to understand the book).
a much needed book for children, especially girls. and linda is definitely the rails girl to make it happen :) good luck with the campaign, can't wait to hold the book in my hands!
