i never received my reward that i pledged for! i've left many comments over the months but never got a single response!
i take it back. the cover is the neck. very cool lamp
i did get one of the 3 i asked for. it didn't have the long neck as in the video. hoping to get the other 2
nothing here in australia - like m beck - sceptical about receiving anything...
same here: haven't received mine (germany). for us who haven't gotten their lamps yet, i'm pretty sceptical about receiving it as creator's last login was on april 10 and the product's website (theswitchlamp.com) is dead...
has anyone in u.s. received theirs? i've tried emailing them and no response. thank you
i got zero response from you for the last 2 months and i am now demanding for a refund. please get back to me you arrangement.
hello, i'm afraid you forget me.. if there is no way to send me my products, i would like to be refund.. please, make an update or something...
if there is no intention to send the item to me, please arrange refund.
@creator ur replacement came somewhere in april and it was fine till today when the button stop working, i on it and i can't off it so i have to pull the light out of the battery and the blue light was on all the way till the battery run out..... tried charging but it won't charge. any help in problem solving this???
same to me. no response at all.
and now in may, i still have not received mine. and no reply to my previous message...
i still have not received mine. can someone please get back to me. thanks,
hi, i live in western australia and have not received mine.
@girard it appears that the delivery was not successful to your address. can you please check if your address is correct and provide us a phone number?
hello, i didn't receive mine yet... is it ok ?
i have not received mine. is it coming later?
got my replacement band. lamp works great and i'm totally happy now.  thanks
@creator i have not receive the replacement u said sent a month ago. have u sent it out? thanks.
thanks @creator received my new band
i have mine and i like it, but i thought i was supposed to get an additional band for being an early backer.
i still have not received mine. may i have my tracking number please? thanks alan
thanks for the quick response
@creator thanks, although still not traceable meaning that it was not shipped yet! :( thanks again,
@ ih@b your tracking number is rx626135063ch.
@norman has sent out another lamp to your address.
@creator still waiting for that tracking number?!!!!!!!! thanks,
hi i have just realized that i paid for two of the lamps at the $39 price when i paid for these but only got one.  can i get a refund or the second one.  i have the one and like it and would prefer to get the second one so let me know what i need to do to resolve this.  norman sherfield
@creator check your dm inbox, please! thanks,
i still have not received mine. appreciate an update.
i received my light and belt and they look good.  but the "charge on any usb" factor won't work, since there are little nubs that stick out next to the usb plugs on both parts. the light plugs into the belt, because there are holes for the nubs next to the usb port. but since nothing else has comparable holes, the usb won't plug.  is getting a switch now the only option?
i love mine and it's helped already as we had a power cut and used it to see the way in the house and power my phone at the same time.
@creator hi, it's the 6th of march and no sign of the package yet!! may you please look into it?! thanks, backer#3
@creator hi, it's the 5th of march and no sign of the package yet!! may you please look into it?! thanks, backer#3
i am in us & have not received mine.
@all has anyone in the us not received there's? i still haven't gotten mine and rather confused.
@creators, have sent you a message and 2 pics about the 2 lamps sent to me. on my silver lamp the pink strap is missing a plug and on my black lamp, i can't get the usb port plugged in because some of the plastic cover is covering part of the plug-in. please verify receipt of email and let me know if you are able to send me  a new base (for the black lamp) and a new strap for the silver lamp) thanks! allison
hi @creator i still haven't received any notification
@creator thanks. will inform will receive.
i received my new switches today.  i love them.  great product and great packaging.   thanks
@sharon have sent out a replace one to you.
@creator have u receive the picture i sent to u regarding the crack? can u see it clearly or do u need more picture? have not heard from u since i send the picture 6 days ago.
i just received what i assume is my switch lamp from the $19 keeper of light pledge and i must say, i'm disappointed. the $19 pledge says you can plug it into any usb slot however there are plastic posts stopping me plugging it in. it didn't come in any kind of switch packaging and just barely wrapped in bubble wrap. very disappointing.
tracking number does not track
i have not received my order. do you have status?  thank you
i have a defective belt as well. the base and light work great. please send me a replacement black belt when you can.
hello. what mobile phone model does it charge?
@creator pix sent. please advice next step. thanks.
@sharon please send the pix to theonlyswitchlight@gmail.com, we will try our best to find a solution for you, thank you.
i have not received mine yet. when can i expect it?
how many more days should we wait until it will be declared lost?
@creator btw, is the side of the switch suppose to have a crack line? it doesn't seems to be a scratch line. seems more like a crack. and btw, the brown box it came in (the box with the logo) has been drop a few times as it's dented here and there. can't be only dropped once...... anyway i don't care about the box, now more concern that the switch is crack due to those drops..... do u have facebook massenger so i could send a pix to show u? as i can't attach any pix here. or pass me your hp number i whatsapp the pix to u. thanks.
@ sharon: we will send you another black belt soon. it must be mistaken during the fulfilling process.
@creator i don't like green!!! i asked for a black alloy belt but u gave me green!!! please let me know what solution u have for this mistake of yours. charging it now and will see how it works when it's fully charged.
thanks. that works.
@ timom "tikey sheriff": the brightness can be adjusted by double clicks the on/off buttom. it is also the way that triggers sos emergency flash mode. thanks for your updates.
i got it today. it works great, but i can't change the brightness.
the last batch of shipment was sent out two weeks ago from sorting center in hong kong. it was likely delayed by the holiday. please allow a few more time for the delivery. we are sorry for the inconvenience but there is no much effort we can do at this stage. thank you.
@creators: i still haven't received anything! please respond and let me know when my 2 lamps will be sent me!!
i have still received nothing in usa. kathy
i live in the usa and i still have not received my switch..
any indication of when i will be receiving it?  tracking numbers maybe? from singapore.
unexpectedly received the sport version in green and loving it so far as i have been thinking that i could really use it the past 2 weeks or so. only thing is that there's no instructions. not on the website too. specifically how to alter the brightness...
hi i have received my switch in the uk, it looks great but the belt doesn't work. if i plug the light in it works, but through the belt it doesn't. please can you help.
please send tracking numbers
@creator. please confirm shipment as i have not received yet
just arrived in switzerland, looks great
@creator no tracking number and have not receive mine. is it on the way yet?
@ neil barker: yes it will work with any usb adapter or usb port on desktop/laptop.
received mine two days ago. great design & works fine but disappointed that the power plug is not suitable for uk sockets. is it ok to connect and charge via usb in an apple ipad/iphone adapter ?
oh wait, the problem is the belt cos when i plug the light directly in, it's fine.
my unit flickers on and off, and it's hard to maintain a steady stream of light. any idea if it's the bulb or the belt?
thanks @creator
@ yuriko coenen: all rewards have been sent out worldwide. we have heard from some us backers receiving their reward. please allow a few more days for the delivery. thanks for your patience.
@ dhiren rodrigues: we are currently short on belts. once new batch is arrived, we will send you a new replacement one. every unit was tested for full functionality and durability before shipment, we apologize for the malfunction causing by the shipping process. you will be notified when the replacement belt is sent. thank you.
hi @creator i have received my switch and the small light was working in the switch.the problem was the alloy belt was not working with the switch please help
i haven't received anything, in texas
have not received mine. any shipments to u.s.?
got mine in this morning. no instructions but was easy enough to put together. :)
@creator: please confirm package sent. also,  please send me a tracking # for my package? thank you!
excellent. got mine in new zealand today. works great. did not have a nz plug but usb cord fits kiwi usb plug so no worries. thanks for a great useful product.  cheers
i got mine today also. no instructions but simple enough. i expected the charging lights to go green or at least all light up. i'm guessing they don't and the one green is just to show the power button is on
received wasn't expecting it as there was no tracking number.  very impressed with it.
tracking number!! please?! thanks,
@creator tracking number!! please?! thanks,
@creator do we get any tracking number when our reward ship??
i've waited since october so i can wait a bit longer but i think we all would like an estimated time of delivery or a post of progress. thanks, bert
can't wait to receive it as do alot of crafts and need something that will shine out over them not like my lamp
@creator this mth is ending soon, any good news abt shipping?
any kind of update (a hiccup for instance :p) would be highly appreciated!!
great!!! hope u ship out soon so i can get it by mth end!!!
hi sharon,  we have finished the final testing. the products should be ready for shipment very soon (within this month). we will post an update with pictures of finished products before shipment. thank you for your patience!
@creator how's everything coming along? any update?
hi kathy, we have some issues with the  coating durability in heavy usage. we expected to resolve this problem before dec and the products should be able to be shipped out in dec. thank you for your patience!
can you give us an estimated ship date?
@ allie  since the payment was processed by kickstarter, we can't execute any refund at this stage. we apologize for the inconvenience.
@creators, i decided (after i filled out my survey) that i'm only going to need one, when i backed two. is it possible for me to make a change at this point and change my pledge to just one? sorry for the inconvenience. thanks!
@ daniel  we are working really hard in the manufacture facility to fine-tune the metallic colors of premium edition. it is not trivial since they require completely different equipments and materials. we will post the finalized products picture once we get it done. sorry for the inconvenience and thanks for your support.
@switchteam is it possible to get an update with the colors for the body of the premium switch? that is the only thing holding up my survey as i have no idea what they may look like. unless you can point me in the direction where there are pictures. i am leaning toward silver, but i have not seen an example of gold.
@ronald sorry for the delayed response. most members of our team were visiting the factory recently to supervise the manufacture process. the body of switch includes the stand and the leds head unit. thanks.
@creator - what part of the switch is considered the body? for instance it could be the base, the top arm where the leds are, or both. once i understand the answer i can  visualise the full assembly and complete the survey....thanks
the manufacture factory are currently testing the different metallic colors for the premium edition. since it requires completely different equipments compared to sport edition, we still don't have any pictures for a finalized product yet. we will keep posting our progress in the updates. thank you.
@creator: what is considered the body portion of the switch? please give us some pictures of the colour options for the premium switch. thx
do you have any pictures showing the different colors of the premium edition switch?
congrats switchteam!!!!!
congrats
@sharon thank you and thanks to all for making this happens! we will send out the survey tonight and keep on our hard work to ensure on-time delivery.
3 hours more and a few early birds for grabs!!! hurry!!!
@leo the switch uses a standard micro usb port for recharging. you can easily connect it to the wall charger or charge via any usb port on your laptop/desktop. thanks for your support!
just a quick question, how do you recharge the battery ? i can't find any information on that.
@shane yes you can add the amount together in the pledge. we will contact you to confirm your rewards later. thank you.
@creator quick question, i backed you at the 2 lamp tier but i was wondering about add-ons. i would really like to get an additional alloy belt and an additional led unit. i was wondering if it is possible for me to add the amount of the saber apprentice and the keeper of the light to my current grand master of lights pledge? that way i can get the two lights and an additional belt and led unit
@ kevene l. harris: yes it comes with a neck. thanks for your support！
can i use the sport edition as a light stand as well? does it have a neck to support the light?
thanks so much for the clarification. for the record, i'm really excited for my lamps to arrive!
really it can be done in rainbow??? that's super cool!!!! hope u show a pix of it!!!!
hi sharon, that's actually a good idea! we will send out a survey to all backers to determine what will be the best options of color for the final products! thank you for your support again!
more colours options??? do we get rainbow colours??? so for those who can't decide on colours can get it!!! lol
hi allie, thanks for your comment.  we are still working on improving the prototypes in many aspects and some features will be added to the final products before they are shipped out such as more color options and more texture options. however, next version of products, such as waterproof edition, programmable multi-color led module, will not be available by the time of campaign rewards shipment. we will offer backers' discount when these new products/accessary become available on our website in the future. sorry for the ambiguous statements and thanks for your interest.
@switchteam quick question: i'm wondering about the products you are referring to when you say 'working to develop a newer version' & 'product improvement & introduction of new accessories'. will those be announced at a later date for us to choose from during this *current* k/s campaign? or are you planning on updating the product for introduction to store sales? (or is it something else i'm not thinking of)? the reason i'm asking is you keep referring to these 'updates' but i'm not quite clear if they are for this campaign or not. thanks for your help!
hi sharon, thank you so much! we will keep all backers updated about our product improvement and introduction of new accessary. and as our early backers, you will surely get 'backer discount' for anything products from us in the future, that's a promise!
i'm still getting this but do keep me inform when the double usb version comes out. thanks!! and of coz give ur old backers here a good price or maybe free international shipping!!!!
hi sharon, for the current prototype, due to its compact design, it has only one usb port for either lighting or charging but not both at the same time. we are working on developing a newer version to support both, which will be available soon. thanks for your support!
@creator there is only 1 usb? issit possible to have 2?? so i can use the light as well as charge my handphone??
hi sandra, yes you can pledge $88 to get two switch at the earlybird level. thanks for your support.
ok, so if i would like one of each i just increase my early bird pledge to $88? is that correct?
hi midhun, both editions come with one led module and a lovable carrying box. waterproofing version and more led colors selection are both under development/testing and will be available soon in the future. for the very first batch shipping out, it will be water resistant and only in white led color.  the sport edition and premium editions have different colors and material/texture. thanks for your support!
@creator also aesthetics apart what are differences between sports and premium edition.. in materials led module etc.
@creator does the switch sport include the led module or has it to be ordered separately.. also i have a suggestion.. i ordered this as reading light and would really love to see water proofed body with smart light color selection. btw how do i choose the led module color
that's great! thank you so much for the quick reply!
hi allison, we appreciate your support! surely you can get one of each edition at the early bird rewards level. and, as our early backer, you will get one extra alloy neck for each switch you get! please help us spread our passion about switch, we can't wait to deliver this marvelous product to you! thanks a lot! the switch team
@creators, hi! i'm loving this lamp! i have a question... as several people have already asked now if they can double their pledge and you have answered that question in the affirmative, i'm wondering: is it possible to select an early bird option (either one, doesn't matter) and then add to the pledge so that i'll get one of each choices?  i'm not sure which one i'll enjoy more, so i'd thought i would get one of each and see which one i liked more! thanks! allison
hi davy wong, thank you very much for your advices, they are really helpful!:) i) since the switch might be used as a reading lamp, the multiple color led module may not be suitable since it will blink under normal usage. however, we are planing to introduce accessary led module in other colors or programmable color since they can be easily switched ;). ii)we will try to include metallic black in the backers' survey once we are successfully funded. we will provide more texture and color options, depending on the backers' requests. iii)we are working on the waterproofing prototype. hopefully we can provide a waterproof version very soon in the future. however, the current prototype is water resistant yet not waterproof. iv)we are still doing final product refinement and testing in our manufacture facility as well as independent testing laboratory. we will be able to answer this question once our product is finalized.  v) thanks a lot for your contribution, we really appreciate your suggestions.
forgot to mention, i asked a question regarding temperature resistance is because i'm a snowboarder and it'd be nice to know if the temperature would affect the endurance of the battery life for the led, thanks guys!
great idea fellas. would like to share a few thoughts with you guys: i) indication of color options for the led would be nice :) ii) metallic black would be a nice addition for your future premium model's color options ;) iii) please make it waterproof and not to mention it'd make it stands out in the market (could think about making it mountable onto camera or gopro, i could see some cha-ching in it now if you know what i mean, act quick, lol) iv) have any test of temperature resistance done on the alloy belt, led light, and the battery unit respectively? v) at least but not last, great work and it is effing awesome. i'm diggin it. good luck on your project and i'm looking forward to the product. best regards, davy
thank you, anna!
so cool!!!
@yu: yes you can get two switches as early bird, just simply select the "light artist early bird" reward and double the pledge amount. thank you for your support!
hi, is it possible to buy two "light artist early bird"? thanks!
thanks!!
hi sharon,      you only need to pay one shipping cost for two switch. thanks for supporting!
if i double my "light master early bird" do i have to double my shipping?
hi darren,     the weight of premium edition switch is 0.6 pounds (270 grams). we are still working on the optimization of the battery. for the current version of prototype, it has been tested to support lighting/charging for 10-14 hours. thank you for your support!
quick question for you guys: what is the total weight of the premium switch, and what capacity is the battery? thanks for your time!
hi jessica, the lamp is water resistant but not completely water proof. we are working on developing a outdoor version with tougher materials and waterproof design. we will keep every backer updated. thanks for your inquiry.
hi, is the switch lamp water proof?
hi huamin, manufacture of extra color options requires more funding and potentially higher unit cost/price. at this stage, only colors listed in the campaign are available. however, we will try our best to expand color options, depending on the crowdfunding result and availability. we will send out updates to all backers. thank you for your comment!
can i customize the colors of lamp and neck that are not listed?
hi jinqing, for the fine texture of white color body, you need to select the premium edition. both editions carry the option of pink neck. thank you for your interests!
i want the white body lamp with pink neck, which edition should i get?
hi gadgetstorm,     yes the black base one with green alloy neck is the sport edition, which is made of carefully finished plastic. the premium edition comes with metallic finished base and led head unit at your choice of gold, silver, or white with any coloring in alloy neck. besides, the premium features engraved small logo instead of the printed logo in sport edition. for the led module lighting color, it will be your choice of 2700k (warm white) or 8500k(cold white).  thank you again for your support!
i can't work out the difference between the sport and premium editions in your listing and video. is the black base with green arm model in the video and pictures the sport edition? if so, what is the black material, is it plastic? is the black housing for the led made of plastic? the silver base is the premium model? what is the base made of? what is the colour of the led housing?
thanks!! done
hi ih@b,      as our manufacturer officer pointed out,  yes you can certainly double the early bird pledge. thanks a lot!
hi ih@b,     the grand master of lights option has been discounted as the early bird. you are very welcome to double the early bird pledge. we appreciate your support!
hi, no early bird grand master of lights?! if not, is it possible to double my early bird pledge ?!
