excellent customer problem resolution; i am being sent free replacements. despite our issues it is still a great product.
@rhode edding & @no one important, we have sent you a pm to address your concerns. thank you.
same with my large cloop
three of the cloops we received have broken with regular to light use. one broke at first use. we do not have these issues with the small cloops.
note on shipping address: we received several messages about kickstarter asking you to update your shipping address. as you know, we have fulfilled all outstanding orders on time as promised and marked them in the kickstarter system. so, we don't exactly why this happened, but we disabled the option to update shipping address in response to avoid this to happen again. so you can just ignore this kickstarter message. sorry for the confusion. :(
@cloop family, a few interesting updates: (_1_ ) we've been working on an amazing modern website upgrade, we've finally joined the world of 2020!. we'll be sharing the details with you guys soon!   (_2_ )  after our last update, we collected an amazing amount of good quality feedback and ideas. thanks for the amazing and thoughtful support! it really makes our day and keeps our creator spirit fulfilled to improve every day. so, we'll be sending an update with the winner feedback and some interesting facts from the survey. keep tuned :)
@eileen, as a new product launch to market we faced unexpected challenges including some production issues related to silicone injection that got detected and resolved rapidly at the beginning. we don’t know exactly how many got affected - we estimate a small portion. but, you can ensure, we keep the good spirit of a kickstarter creator, and if you have any problems we’ll ask you to give us a chance to make it right for you! :). our goal is to have you fully satisfied with cloop performance. you should expect a durable silicone band, carefully designed to have an optimum performance at the smallest size possible. you can simply contact us via email cloopteam@cloopband.com  and we’ll follow with instructions.
@creator, thank you for reply. that's great to hear you caught and addressed the issue on your end. as @arckal and others have asked though, what is the process on this end? do you know how many or what percentage of cloops have this problem? what will be happening to resolve on this end?
i had similar experience as other backers noted here, cloops are not keeping up with their strengths and rubber is kinda faulty. please let me know what is the fix.
@guille, we just sent you a pm with instructions! @eileen, thanks for your feedback, we have already addressed the problem. we had some problems with the silicone injection at the beginning of the production, this got resolved on time and we should not expect this problem again. @john, thanks for the note, we can't fix the link, but you can copy and paste https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/gs7cgqr in your browser to do the trick ;)
i have only received the medium cloops and the desk bases, but i pledged for ks special: 18 cloops (6xl+6lg+6sm) plus the desk bases. how can i claim the missing rewards?
there are a number of very similar reports here about breakage... would appreciate seeing a response from @creator. something weaker about the xls versus the other sizes perhaps?
i just tried to complete your survey monkey survey and when i clicked on the hyperlink in your email it told me that it was unavailable. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/gs7cgqr this site can’t be reached %20https’s server dns address could not be found. search google for https surveymonkey gs7cgqr err_name_not_resolved
after a use for some weeks, the rubber is too soft to keep the cables in place, it tends to break easily in the shifted cable passage and the magnet in place.
@mami, thanks for the wonderful feedback! you have come up with some really creative ways to use cloop as well. that's part of the magic we feel about cloop too, they're so versatile! stay tuned for some major updates we have about cloop and its journey, coming soon! again, thanks for being a loyal and supportive backer!
so happy with cloop since i received them in january.  using them for all the cables, and they are stuck together in my bag so i won't loose them.  i hook my reading glasses on the metal pole at home, and use them to hold sheet music pages stay open for outdoor performance:-) and i feel that i receive a good customer service:-)
@ valentin gynt glad you asked that question. the answer is yes and no. you'd likely need a larger magnet, that's exposed and rub it directly across a credit card strip to damage it. hard drives and usb drives should be fine too, actually a bit safer than credit cards. since cloops magnets are enclosed in silicone and are relatively small, there shouldn't be much of an issue. but a general rule of thumb is to keep magnets at least an inch away from your sensitive devices. but since cloop has already built-in protection, you should be safe. we haven't had a single issue with it yet, and we've been using them for years. here's a blog article about magnets and credit cards that might be useful information for you: https://www.kjmagnetics.com/blog.asp… @ phakaporn sarattha we have private messaged you regarding your order. hope to get that corrected for you asap. @ tanmay saxena we have resolved your case through private messages.
great stuff! but now since i am using the cloop for a while i wonder whether the magnets could damage my hard drives / usb drives or the chip of my credit cards... any suggestions / experiences about this?
i didn't receive. pls check for me. thank you
my cloops are still missing, please help me out guys. still haven't received them.
@rhode, i missed to answer your second question, you can order single colors in our online store www.cloopband.com and pay with amazon without putting any payment data in out store. cheers
@rhode, ryan, thanks for awesome feedback, you guys rock!  rhode, sorry to hear you misplaced your cloops. yes, cloops are available in amazon, including amazon prime. additionally, our online store, www.cloopband.com is integrated with amazon check out system so you just pay with your amazon account without putting any payment data in our site. check it out. thanks!
i love these, but have misplaced them somehow since remodelling. can i reorder a single colour in amazon?
i have received my cloops, and have enjoyed using them. the magnets are strong, and they are very convenient in tidying up my cables (and allowing them to be easily organised on the wall too). great product, and appreciate the fast responses as well!
@ron marisol great question, and in general no, your cloops should not do any damage to your other electronic devices. that's old geek-lore actually. the cloop magnet would need to be 10 times bigger and exposed in order to pose any threat. best only to keep cloop magnets away from sensitive devices like pacemakers. here, refer to this article with some good info for your peace of mind: http://blog.first4magnets.com/will-a-magnet-damage-my-smartphone/ @w l eric ng we apologize for the mix-up and have refunded you for one cloop.  @dr. jude a rathburn we have private messaged you to address your concern. @jaanus vaher hope you enjoy your cloops! @daniel a geek after my own heart! @yoshitaka matsumura so glad you like your cloops! @diggywig thanks for the compliment on our campaign! @ng check ming glad you are happy with the quality! @sherman yeong we have private messaged you regarding your concern. @gill qui hope all is well now. @teo seng kee great! @srjh design excellent!  thank you all for the amazing feedback!!
@simon bromley your missing bag is on its way, we are glad it is all sorted now. @jimmy fernandez your missing cloops are on its way, we are glad it is all sorted now. @tom banks happy to know it was only a misunderstood and that you have your complete order. @dr. jude a rathburn thank you for your feedback, as stated on pm we will bring this to our manufacturer @sherman yeong @teo seng kee @ana cristina garcia we have sent you via pm your order shipping information, hope you get your cloops soon!
@janina pascual - if you don't mind sharing please, in what way did they break? did they snap when stretched or something else? and another case of stolen cloops, those fortunate thieves ☺ @oscar mendez fernandez watch out! we don’t want to hear that mom is kidnapping cloops ☺ @jimmy johnson wow that was quick! with the abundant amount of cables we have these days it is easy to run out of cloops ☺ @koichi marumo hope you are liking them! @mike k @mirdas @lee y. nakasone @allen rogers @felix tan thank you for your feedback, we are thrilled to hear such nice comments from our backers!
hi..i love these..but the xl ones don't seem to be as strong as the m... i have just broken two of the black large ones.. can i send them back please for replacement. ..
received, all working well. thank you.
received mine today in malaysia, thanks !
received in melbourne yesterday. but only the add-on ones, missing the pledged ones. have inboxed you, got no reply.
hi cloop, i have backed 9xl, 9l, 9sm. however, only 6xl cloops were delivered. and are the xl cloops suppose to be twisted? because the rest of the sizes are not like that.
received.. good stuff and quality
@cloop my cloops have arrived here in the uk.  i'm delighted with them and the bases.  congratulations on a superbly run campaign.  :-d :-d
i received mine today. it's very good. thanks.
i also got mine some days ago. your product is so amazing! as a geek i have so many cables and technical gadgets and they all should be stored in a tidy place without a cable clutter. these general little plastic loops (e.g. https://cdn-reichelt.de/bilder/web/xxl_ws/c180/kab_driller_14_02.png) for 1/50 of the price of a cloop are okay, but not feasible for daily use and they look ugly. by the time i found cloop here on kickstarter, i could not resist of backing you guys.
backer id 430 - just received 3x6 with the bag in estonia.
got my cloops recently - the ones i've used are sturdy and work well. does anyone know if the magnets in the various sizes are strong enough to harm electronics? for example, should i keep them away from mobile devices, speakers, tvs, etc?
i just got my cloops yesterday and also had one of the xls snap when i tried to put it over the end of an apple cord.  the xls seem to be much less sturdy than the other sizes.  have others had this issue?
i received 6 xl + 6 large + 6 small, 18 cloops in total but i have not received the free cloops (i am one short) ?? in the campaign page: "we have surpassed our 45k stretch goal! now all cloop backers receive a free cloop!" also mentioned in update#7
had mine for the last couple of months, and i love them. keeps the small number of cables i have around the apartment organized. mahalo from a satisfied backer in hawaii.
i got mine today. thank you!
@eileen, the cloop xl broke at the thinnest part, where you slip the cable in to secure it. specifically, the end cut of the middle strip tore outwards in a v shape, then the outer two strips snapped. i didn't stretch it that much, but honestly i think i just happened to get a warped piece or something. the others i used after worked perfectly fine. for reference, i was pulling through a usb male for my hyperx cloud ii headset. cloop team, thanks for the prompt reply! i now have no more cloops. i suspect thieves (aka family members) have gotten into my stash.
i recived an email tell me my clops had bbeen shipped, but i didn't have a traking number or a link could you resent it please?
received my reward today and all seems good - work well. but unfortunately i am missing part of my pledge - the cloop base. i have a card telling me how to you use the base but no base. the larger card sent with the reward says i have no add ons, but i'm pretty certain i added on the base as well. i checked my reward survey and this says i have ordered the base. can you advise what is happening about this? thanks.
received reward today in plano, tx.  usps tracking worked great and was included at no extra charge. 100% accurate with my pledge fulfillment.
got them and works great ( well same as the smaller version).
well thank you! problem all sorted, good product and great service
ok received a package today which seems to be very incomplete, what is going to be the best way to sort this problem out?
received my cloops christmas week and they are awesome. my mom saw these in action and she is "where can i get these, i need these". very satisfied backer over here :d
i still did not receive the reward in malaysia yet.
hi, i am a backer from singapore. i have not received any shipping notification at all. please help to check. thanks.
got the cloops and they are working great so far!
@janina pascual - if you don't mind sharing please, in what way did they break? did they snap when stretched or something else?
check my comment to you on sept 15th, i clearly stated that i want 3- xl 3 packs... please fix my order...
you messed up my order... i added $20 for 2 more xl 3 packs... should be 9 xl cloop's altogether... you sent me 2 bags.  i don't need bags, i need cloop's
love my cloops. ran out and i think i will be ordering some more. very useful. i have one on almost every cable i have, in the house and i use them in the car.
i received my package today. thank you and the contents are indeed useful to keep my cabling tidy.
@james, thanks for sharing your awesome supportive message about the good quality of the product! we spent many months designing and prototyping to ensure we render a good quality product sustainable to produce in masses. we have produced more than 30,000 cloops in a relatively very short period of time in a modern, efficient and sustainable fashion. we are happy and proud of our current relationship with our amenable factories and hope to continue prominent business in 2017. thanks again
@kristen, thanks for sharing your encouraging feedback. it's funny to hear that your dad loves the cloops. we heard from other backers that certain family members tend to steal cloops leaving you none : ) the cloop xl closes in a special way by careful design to optimize its application with bulkier cables. cloop xl, contrary to cloop large and small, closes in a circular overlapping manner to combine the power of silicone friction and strong neodymium magnetic forces to have a stronger hold while closed.  please refer to the pictures in the campaign for exemplary use cases.
@taylor, yes, we are merging the kickstarter with indiegogo orders that were made until november 4th. orders made in indiegogo after that date will ship in separate packages. if you want a specific status please send us a private message or consult via email @ cloopteam@cloopband.com. cheers!
@ janina, thanks for the positive feedback on the small and large cloops! we can certainly have a look at your cloop xl case.
hey cloop team. some of the xl cloops i got broke when i tried to use them. i was wondering if i could get them replaced. i can send pictures if it's needed. been using the smaller sizes for a long time now, and they still work great.
hello! my dad loves them, but all of the large sizes close differently.  was that anticipated?
@creator: are the indiegogo orders part of that delivery group? i hope so...
received my cloops several days ago, and in the commotion of christmas preparations failed to comment on the quality of these products.  these are well made and will see lots of use around my house.  i'll be recommending them to all my friends.
got mine today in brasov-transylvania!thank you!! merry christmas !
@mtc & nicole valencia. we are still shipping out orders. you will receive an email once your order is shipped. international orders will receive a tracking number. you should receive notification of shipment by december 31st.
i also haven't received anything yet.  i remember reading that all international orders (i am from singapore) will get tracking information.  can you double check please?  thanks!
hello! i haven't received anything from you -- no package, no email, no update. just worried that my order/pledge has gotten lost in the mix somewhere. if you could send me an update when you get a chance, i'd really appreciate it. thanks!
@william, lenoid, rodolfo, mei hung, we are still on target for our delivery date, which is until the end of december. we started sending emails for shipping notification to all backers. anyways, we sent you an individual a status your order. thank you!
@sisyphus, thanks for your feedback! : ) every cloop is tested multiple times through the production and assembly chain. we'll get in contact with you shortly to take care of your case. cheers
hi @cloop team, i got my package and everything looked great, but on the first cloop i used (red xl), one of the three middle stands broke almost immediately. not sure if my cat got to it or i was fiddling with it in testing elasticity too much, but i was wondering if i can get a replacement and who i should contact/email? i can send a picture if that helps as well.
can you s nd me a tracking number
@cloop thank you for your email response. got that tracking no. this time cheers!
@cloop hi creators, received a "your order has been shipped" email on dec 12, but it's lacking a tracking number. could you please (re)send the tracking info to me? (have also contacted you over email, but no joy yet) tia
please can you send me the track number? have not received yet
i haven't received any tracking advice, and message to the creator i got no reply - is anyone else in the same boat as me?  i just want to know what happened to my pledge..
hello i received mine today here in edmonton, alberta, canada thank you very much, i love them!  i wish i would have gotten more! great product!  all the best to you cheers, william
@ed, thanks for confirming you have received your order
@ 1kind, mik, linda, ed, we are pleasantly thrilled to inform you we are about 2/3 of the list and on target to deliver by the end of the month. this is earlier than our estimated time listed in our rewards :o). we have sent you a dm with your specific status. cheers
i received the usps shipping notification today. thank you.
still waiting as well.
still waiting for mine as well.
hi! backer #54 still waiting for delivery. any information would be appreciated.
still waiting on my order!
@ fiona, joshua, it is very nice to receive such nice feedback and to see that our long, dedicated work in cloop provides satisfaction to our backers. thank you!!! :)   regarding maintenance, in short, cloops are made of high-grade silicone, which has many great physical properties, so it requires low to zero maintenance. we've been using cloops for many years without needing to do any maintenance. stay tuned for more tips and ideas :)
@ daniel, weng, we sent you a dm for your status. thank you!
where is my order??you have been delate my order.
my cloops have arrived and i love them! thanks very much for a great product, i'm very happy to have helped you get it to market. good luck with your next adventure :-)
shipping details? have received any details
received my cloops, love the quality & the functionality! due to the high humidity over here in singapore, is there any recommended manner of cleaning/maintaining the cloops? (usually the rubberish material tends to become sticky after awhile)
backer #29 received in malaysia with thanks. am happy with the product quality and a surprise thank you card :)
@saar daga, we are very glad that you realized you got the right cloops and that it is all clear now :) @jorge barata, see message below, if still have some concerns please write us a pm @everyone, please note that the xl cloops have a different closing mechanism than the small and large cloops. the cloop xl has an over-lapping magnetic closure, which allows a stronger frictional closing mechanism ideal for large cables. while the small and large cloop have a sandwich-like closure. please refer to the image on update 14 or the gifs below the "do more with cloop xl" title and in the "how to use" section of our campaign. thanks!
yo,  got my cloop!  very happy about it. but...  since i received 1 xlcloop with one of his magnets reversed i can't give you the 10/10 score. and since it might get broken faster i'll be waiting for your reply to see how you'll handle this situation.  greetings and good job so far!  jorge barata
@ana thank you! @han-eol yu we are glad we met your expectations! @pro pavish we are delivering and on track to fulfill all orders in december @saar dagan sorry for that, please check your pm
hi, instead of my 3 small 3 medium and 3xl i received 9 small... please contact me soon.
has any of the 27 cloop backers gotten their stuff yet?
got mine today. my cloops works as expected. thanks creator!
i want to give you guys a big shout for the fast delivery and great product! :)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
tried out my xl cloops on my instrument cables and they work great! much stronger magnets than the previous version i got on amazon and i like how you don't have to line up the poles with each other.
recieved my cloops today, and they work great.
received my cloops yesterday. what a nice surprise! this is one of the few campaigns where delivery wasn't months after the initial estimate--and not only that, you delivered 2 months early.  thanks!  great product too!
@ian chow just 3 comments down from yours lies the answer... ok, sorry for the spoiler: no tracking no/shipping notification
will there be any tracking number provided? if so, i have not received mine
got my cloops today! will check them out tomorrow on my instrument cables!
@elena, thank you so much for your kind comments. i'm so glad you liked the cloops. i really appreciate hearing about your experience.
received my cloops today. what i nice surprise! thanks for the super early delivery:) love using them already! they are strong, stretchy, beautiful and don't take much room when not in use. perfection!
@robert, heather, sorry for the late reply. we've been very busy and prioritising production and post-production matters to keep on track with our fast deliverables. we are not sending notification of shipping. as we stated in our campaign, we are working around the clock to fulfill and ship to backers in december using usps first class services.  anyhow, we'll send regular updates regarding our overall shipping progress. we can also send you a personal status if you send us a direct message. thank you!
i have to say, it is very frustrating to not know if we will receive shipping notification, when the rewards are shipped. not sure why you cannot be up front about this. just be honest, and tell us yes or no!! thanks.
will we be getting tracking info or at least an email notification of shipping ?
will we be getting tracking info or at least an email notification of shipping ?
just received my cloops and i just wanted to give you guys a shout for a super smooth process and super early delivery. cheers!
i'm in love w/ these cloops! just ordered some more on the indiegogo site...
@ taylor greene: fantastic! glad to hear you got your cloops, i bet other backer may be jealous  :)  let us know what you think. we are shipping in batches trying to get as many out as we can. we implemented our own software system to allow for customization fast and efficiency.  @ heather k b: a dm stands for direct message.
received my cloops in the mail today... wow that was fast! can't wait to start using them. (los angeles, ca)
i sent a pm a few days ago for the addons. would like to check if they have been added in as well as the shipping taxes? (survey is closed so i wasn't able to edit my answers)
you're right, not complicated at all, just back and forthy.  once there, caps are the easy part... and the link worked.!   i trust you got it, because when i used your link at the end when i clicked on submit i had to sign into ks... i had assumed i was on,,,   clear mind?  ha,  that's asking too much!   really looking forward to this, loved the others i got from you, plus the base  and now these will be even better  ( cause larger  for the things i need!)  thanks guys,  have a good month and more getting all these out!   happy sorting!
@elles give it a try when you have a clear mind, it is not that complicated. just remember to write all in caps, example: 5 white xl, 4 black xl. we are more than willing to help, just write to us @vinai link is working, try it again. any problem send us a message
the survey link does not work ...
i am so looking forward to this... i love love love the cloops i already own.   i have just turned to your survey and have never been so confused in my life ( well, not true exactly, other things have been more confusing and but certainly is the most confusing for all the things i have backed on ks.)  i will have to wait until i get home from work tonight  to do this, it is really a lot of back and forth,  yuck!  okay, my parents spent a lot of money on my education, i should be able to figure it out guys!    each category demands a separate answer  so thinking is in order  and once i leave work that doesn't come easily... have  good rest of day!!   you are going to fill up my evening!   e
dm sent for discount code. thanks.
@cloop: i forgot to mention, kudos on the survey design. it's very well thought out. perhaps the best i've seen yet.
thanks for the quick reply! i really appreciate it.
@ david: answers must be made separately for each of your: pledged tier, cloop add-ons, free cloop and backerclub. if have any other questions, don't hesitate to ask. thanks
@ robert zander: yes, we decided not to go with backerkit after all. their platform didn't line up with ours, so it was best to go at it on our own. if you're interested in doing more add-ons though, you can visit our indiegogo indemand site to purchase additional perks (link provided in latest update to all backers). or you can visit our website www.cloopband.com and purchase the base or cloop bag add-ons. dm us for a discount code to use for that. thanks!
@creator: for the survey, should the answers for questions 3, 5, and 8 be the same (e.g. "3 red xl 3, 3 white xl, 3 black xl" in all three fields) or should they be different, considering cloops from the pledge tier, add-ons, and backerclub separately (e.g. "3 red xl" for #3 pledge tier; "3 white xl" for #5 add-ons; "3 black xl" for #8 bc)? hope this makes sense.
must have decided against using backerkit, for survey.
@leonid, thanks, your comments are accurate. @john, we are currently in the process of setting up the survey and the system with the folks of backerkit that will allow you to confirm your specific order and add-on the items you missed during the campaign =) thank you!
@john brown since @creator mentioned in a post earlier that they are going with backerkit, you'll be able to add items (and appropriate funds) when you get your survey. chrome base will be +5$ and the bag +another 10$, if i remember the add-on pricing from the campaign correctly. all above from my personal experience on add-ons from other kickstarter projects using backerkit for their surveys. hth
hi, i pledged the 18 pack for $45. can i add on the chrome base and bag (is this extra?)
@shannon, good timing, and great question. since the kickstarter campaign finished you can't modify your pledge. however, we signed up with backerkit, which is a great processing system for kickstarter orders. while in their survey process you will be able to easily  add-on bases, bags or even more cloops :o). all backers will get notified by mid next week about the next steps. thank you!
@robert, thanks for the nice message! to address your point, i needed something better than velcro and rubber bands to keep my cables organized for my frequent travels, that's how cloop got started. about your idea, good creative thinking. we'll investigate further about the small magnetic beads. thank you!
congratulations on the successful funding for the cloop xl. necessity is the mother of invention and  this design is so simple and useful.  i was thinking that if you were to put small magnetic beads along its length, that it might better be able to secure cords.  just a thought.  i look forward to using mine to secure my earbuds.  thanks for designing a great product.
what if i wanted to add chrome base and bag to the pledge? how do i do that?
hi..interesting question by tim willis..are you allowing swapping out of l and sm cloops to xl  within a pledge group? i just upped my pledge withing your ground rules, but this is more advantageous.. needless to say!  thanks.. i have told a lot of people about this so hope you get a last minutes spurt too..these are really terrific. cheers!
@taylor good question. we'll pack the cloops in groups of 3, 6 or 9 depending on the specific pledge in a beautiful bag optimized for mail delivery. if you need any other info, please send us a message. thank you! =)
i am doubled my pledge to $120 (plus $11 intl shipping) as i wanted more cloops (so double the 9xxl, 9xlarge, 9xsmall package). i realise though that even though i will find the large and small cloops useful i am not going to need 18 in total of each, but what i'd really like is to get an extra 27 xl cloops (swapping out the large and small for xl. is this possible with my current pledge extension?
how are the cloops packaged and how many per package? asking because i'd like to give some as gifts...
@daniel just visit the project page and click the blue “manage" button that appears next to your pledge amount. select "update your pledge" on the following page. then increase your pledge amount by the add-ons you want to choose
i don't understand how i can add money to my pledge for add-ons. can someone help me please? :/
@richardcook you did it right just by adding $10 to your pledge. at the end of the campaign, we'll send a survey asking what add-on you want for the extra $10. just note it in the survey, and a bag will be added to your survey at that time. we know you'll enjoy the handy cloop bag! thanks for your pledge!
maybe a silly question but, i increased my pledge by $10 but can't seem to figure out how to add on the bag to my order.
@alamprabu, us shipping is free. we provide a pretty good value package on its own including a free cloop of any size any color to all backers as we just passed the 45k stretch goal.  int'l shipping is $11. we ship via usps first class mail and this is basically to cover the costs and logistics involved. we don't look to profit from the int'l shipping.   thank you! : )
hi can you reduce the international shipping cost? my pledge is only $9 but the shipping $11 thanks
hi bamboo, carlos, that's right you and all backers will receive an extra free cloop and you can decide the color and size at the end of the campaign. yes, you can easily refer cloop to your friends through kickbooster.com and get cash for your referrals. its pretty easy and simple just go through the link below and you will be able to share the news with your friends through your prefered social media platform and the system automatically keeps tracks and sends you 10% of the deals made. https://cloop-xl.kickbooster.me/
i'm a former cloop 1.0 backer. i can't stop fidgeting with my cloops, it's so fun to play with the little bands. my coworkers love your product, do you offer referrals discounts? good luck!
very happy to see you passed the 45k goal, which means we get a free cloop :d
hello mike, it is better that you increase your pledge before the campaign finishes to secure your add-on. we'll still send a survey to confirm the add-on that you pledged for. thank you!
will we be able to add-on items in the survey phase or will we only be able to get them if we increase our pledge appropriately during the campaign?
hello ana, thanks for the nice message. the new base has a new elegant chrome finish and smaller design for half the price from our last campaign! you can use the base to anchor your cables in a reachable place and avoid them from falling on the floor. thanks for your awesome support!
hello andy, cloop xl's normal length is 4 1/2in (115 mm), elongated length is 11in (300 mm). thanks to its elasticity you can double wrap cables nicely if needed. cloop xl is ideal for general appliances, laptops power cords and much more. our main kickstarter picture shows a cloop xl wrapping a macbook power adapter cable. thank you!
hi team cloop - how long is the cloop xl ??
i'm so glad to see you guys back with the cloop xl! i use my cloops from the last campaign every day on for my earbuds, iphone. also, i have a base in my desk and night table, they are very convenient - you don't realize how easy it makes it until you star clooping your cables :)  i can't wait to get the cloops xl and wish you the best success in your campaign
hi tim, that's completely fine. thanks for the awesome support! :)
i have pledged $60 (plus $11 international shipping) for 27 cloops and wondered if it was ok to double my pledge to $120 (plus $11 international shipping) to get 54 in total instead of using the $10 for 3 cloop add on?
looking forward to receiving these. they will be very useful, in so many applications. great idea for a project.
hi corey! great to have you back and we are looking forward to sending you the long awaited cloop xl. thanks for your returning support!
excited for 2.0! love my original cloops. they've made great gifts for any occasion.
@josh, there should be no problems using cloops around your modern electronic devices. we have used cloops around our laptops, iphones, ipads on daily basis for several years without any problems. cloop magnets are small and embedded in the silicone, which provides a layer or extra protection compared to exposed magnets. however, it is recommended not to use magnets close to sensitive devices, such as pacemakers and credit cards. for more info visit: https://www.supermagnete.de/eng/faq/what-is-the-safe-distance-that-i-need-to-keep-to-my-devices. thank you
@joshua, we use usps international first class parcel shipping. this cost is based from our previous campaign experience. we don't have intentions to profit from the int'l shipping. thank you
will there be any problem when we put the cloops with the adapter and our devices altogether in one place? will the magnet damage the adapter or our devices? i need advice on this. tq!
why is the shipping so expensive though? it's like $11 shipping to singapore. that's like the price of the whole ks special package.
dear alim, marie-andree, elles, you guys convinced us! :)  we figured that many backers may want to add a few custom cloops for your extra cables, family members or friends. so, we have created a brand new cloop add-on to allow add 3 more cloops of any size and any color for just $10. if you want, for example, 6 additional cloops, just pledge $20 more. to add these extra cloops just modify your pledge amount reflecting the additional amount of money. at the end of the campaign we'll send a survey asking how you want your extra cloops. thanks for your input and awesome support! cheers
hey cloop team :) , İ would like to get about 3-6 cloops, but all different sizes! how can i do it ? all the best from germany ali
am i understanding right that large and small cloops can be added as add-on? $8 and $5 respectively for 6?
hey thomas! thanks for the great support! about your questions and valuable suggestion:  2) your math is right, 1) i'm not sure i understand. i'll send you a direct message to clarify. thanks!!
hi cloop! two questions: 1 will you use eu friendly delivery? in other words there will be no additional import tax to be paid when receiving the goods in for example germany?  2 i have pledged the early bird 18 pack. are the add on prices now 10$ for 6 xl, 8$ for 6 lg and 5$ for 6 sm? if i double my pledge to 36$ *2 + 11 $ shipping = 72$+11$ = 83$ that will get me 12 of each? would be great if you could communicate a full add on price list!
i would like to add on a few more xl cloops,..can't you make it happen that once we've  made initial pledge we can add on some? pretty please!
hello spencer, thanks for your support! we'll send a survey at the end of the campaign to collect your add-on info ;o), is that simple. cheers!
@creator: i pledged an extra $10 hoping to get two of the chrome bases. how can i ensure that this it is not mistaken for the bag? thanks so much, i can't wait to get my cloops!
hello contrado! kickstarter allows us to send a survey at the end of the campaign. in the survey content, we'll remind you how to custom your order. cheers!
@creator: should we consider the campaign page where you're giving instructions about how to ask for custom colour quantities or will we specify them at survey time? cheers.
my pledge is $47 up to $62 for adding on bag and base. check it, plz. cheer up, you guys!
dear sherman, thanks for the awesome support! we'll send you a survey at the end of the campaign so that you can customize your order. to add a chrome base just modify your order and add $5. cheers
hi, i have pledge for the 27 cloops in total. how do i choose the colours i want and how do i add the chrome base? how many cloops can be on the chrome base?
hi, i have pledged at early bird: get 9 cloops (3xl+3lg+3sm) level. now i wanted to add 3more cloops, how much i should add more?
dear ali, thanks for your honor and awesome support!  1. the chrome based is a simple and neat anchoring station to keep your cables at reach. this is ideal for your night table, desk and any other location where you want to keep your cables at reach or avoid them from falling on the floor. we have a couple of old videos that shows  how it works here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch… and here: https://www.youtube.com/watch… 2. yes, we'll try our best to meet that deadline! cheers
dear cloop team, i am proud to support your campaign! 1.what does chrome based mean? does it hold better? 2. any possibility of christmas shipping?;) all the best for the team and warm regards from germany ali
dear annie, great question. even though cloop is compact it  has great elastic properties. the recommended bundled cable diameter that cloop xl can hold  is below 2.4in (60mm). also, you could double wrap neatly cloop xl around your cables for those cases needed, just like we show in our main kickstarter picture. thanks for being a supporter!
dear elles, thanks for the kind and sweet words, we are doing our best. we are open to suggestions. were are not yet on backer kit, we'll look into that. btw, thanks for being a supporter since our last campaign.
i would like to add to my pledge, u doing add-ons in backer kit? thanks.. wish this were moving faster, you did great ones last time,  i use mine all the time. cloops rock!
what is the max bundled cable diameter that the cloop xl can hold?
dear elena, your are right, the free cloop is for everybody as soon as we reach our 45k mark. the 48 hour free cloop comes from an external pre-campaign marketing effort that is no longer available. thank you!!
@ronald, thanks for your support! we have reached our fast delivery stretch goal already :o) also, we offer 1 free cloop for everybody as soon as reach our 45k goal. the cloop bag requires development and additional efforts from our side so that's why we decided to make this amazing bag available as soon as we reach the 15k mark. thanks again
am i missing something. usually hitting a goal results in a free benefit to backers. by reaching the cloop 15k stretch goal we get to buy a bag for $10. looks more like cloop is selling merchandise.
why everyone is sending "48 hours free cloop"? we are not even at 45k yet and when it is reached, it should work automatically.
48 hours free cloop
48 hours free cloop
48 hours free cloop
@jodi whittlin at the end of the campaign, you'll receive a survey asking for you mailing address, etc. in the comments of that survey, please include the offer tag given in the email sent and any size/color specifications. thank you!!
48 hours free cloop
i'm also wondering about the order comments issue, but only because i'd like to ask to get all red ones (it's my favorite color :) )  can i do that when you send out the survey?  thanks!
@marie-andre poisson nice to see you again! since you were a previous backer, you would have received email communications earlier this year asking you to sign up for our priority email list. through that list, we offered everyone a free cloop if they pledged within the first 48 hours of the campaign. send us a dm if you have questions. cheers!
48 hours free cloop
48 hours free cloop
i'm looking forward to receiving my order.  i pledged $5 extra so l could receive a chrome base for the early  bird price (a great value).  good luck with your campaign... your presentation couldn't be better!
i pledged $30 for 3 - xl 3 packs...
what is this "old hands" offer exactly? i'm in since 1.0 and an everyday user. was looking for the xl since that time and backed for 9!
just a reminder we will give one free cloop to everyone as soon as we reach our 45k stretch goal! :) woohoo!, and btw, you can earn 10% cash back with your referrals through https://cloop-xl.kickbooster.me/
@anamaria, @reedy, you can send us a private message, but don't worry we have already counted you. we will also ask on the survey at the end of the campaign to double check. thanks! @bamboozled, yes, we are exited we are getting closer to our goal. thanks for being an awesome backer!
i backed you on your last campaign and on this one, and i would like to profit from the offer to "old hands" (yeah, free cloop), but like the backer below, i just can find the "order comments" field. so, here's a general comment, just in case: go cloops, i use them for everything :)
where are the "order comments" that we're supposed to comment in for extra free stuff? :/
congrats guys, you are almost there! i was a backer of cloop on your previous campaign and they are still working great, i like how they stretch and the strong attraction of the magnets. i'm very glad you came out with cloopxl, i need them badly for my larger cables!
hi anelie, the int'l shipping fee is based on our avg cost from our last campaign. we are not looking to make any money on shipping fees. if you have a big order, please don't hesitate to contact us directly via direct messaging to look at your specific case. thanks for being an awesome supporter!
hi at, we recommend a max operational temperature of 194f / 90c. the silicone itself has a higher operational temperature. if you have a specific use case, we'll be happy to understand your needs to tailor a solution via direct message. thanks for your support!
hi, what is the temperature rating of the silicone material used? - tks -
thanks for the clarification, i understand that utility patents is first to file but i find it mildly interesting that a start up company can afford to spend $10-20k on patent, so props to cloop on that. has it materialised yet tho? it has been more than 24 months since february 10th 2014. i assume you are referring to version 1.0 when you say cloop is better, that's a pretty bold statement to make when both products are so similar. with that said, i love your confidence and you've persuaded me to change my pledge and get a package for cloop 2.0 too but unfortunate i won't be able to compare both 2.0 versions till i have them hand in hand. cheers!
would there be anyway to reduce international shipping?
hello, we want to address the issue with maco, a nearly identical product of cloop® (ours is better j). we applied for a non-provisional us utility patent and pct international patent application with a us priority date of february 10th 2014, so cloop® was first. we want to make very clear that we applied for the patent before maco published their first campaign. we did our homework to make sure that there wasn’t a product like this that already existed on the market or that anyone had any intellectual property rights at that time. during that time, maco was unknown and not public. we have hired an attorney from the beginning to make sure we have followed the appropriate legal and intellectual property patent processes from the beginning. by the way, maco does not advertise that they are patent pending.
i'm trying hard not to judge as i am new to kickstarter but this looks suspiciously like the staff picked maco cables project (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/three1design/maco-20-big-maco-a-universal-cable-organiser-and-m…) that i recently backed. i know that ideas are cheap and it's all about the execution, but both projects share similar ideas, the magnetic design, plastic materials, function and purpose. heck, they even share carbon copies of the promo photos and freaking magnetic base. if it wasn't for the different companies name, i would have mistaken both as the same project! after some further investigation, both projects have versions 1.0 and 2.0 (which look exactly the same again) and were launched on kickstarter within a year twice in a row!! only thing is cloop was later on both occasions :( coincidence or serendipity? not a hater but good luck to both projects!
hi. sorry to bother you again, but.... in just looking over the comments ( i was checking expecting to see you completely funded... i am surprised,  but two of us have now posted in backers hub so you should get something from that...) anyway... i said i wanted large... ooppss... i mean i just want to buy the extra large, the new one. i have plenty of the others..   and i guess i am surprised t you didn't do more with the xl since that is the new one.   but then you say that the others are redesigned,  there is more stretch?   would it make that much of a difference on those usb cords and small cables i am using the large ones for now???  i would think not..    i think the extra larger ones make a big difference.  i am going for those. i will think of a how many i want... but i am sure people will want to add, not just me!!     okay... i am still at work... happy rest of day!... ellyn
repeat backer. this looks great.
@eileen, message us the type and number of cloops you'd like and we'll try to come up with a solution that meets your needs.  the xl is designed for thicker, longer cables like home appliances, such as extension cords, hair dryers, etc. the large cloop is designed more for your gadget cables such as skinny laptop cables, usb chargers, etc. check out the pictures on our campaign, it gives lots of in-use examples of what cloop works best for what cable. thanks for the comment!
hello @creator. the answers to gill and elles seem to still be skipping the same question that i have (if i'm understanding your replies correctly). how do we add more large size cloops? it seems to me that using xl in place of l just leaves space for floppy cords, rather than having snugly wrapped cords. so i'm not sure how adding more xl takes the place of getting l. thanks.  :)
@gillqui i recommend selecting the pack of 3xl 3large and 3small and just adding the dollar amount for the extra 3xl. $20 + $10 + shipping (if outside us). include in the order comments and survey which assortment you want. thanks!
how to get 6xl 3l and 3 small? do you have add on for each size separately? thanks
thanks for the answer, awesome product, i use mine all the time.. looking forward to large ones, badly needed!  good luck, bet you will be funded by end of day!
@elles so great to see you again! i recommend getting 2 of the 9xl packs. we had to be conscious not to saturate the campaign with the endless amount of combinations, picking options that could be grouped together if need be. thanks for the feedback!
@stefanloble thanks for your support! and yes, cloop is an awesome fidget accessory, it helps me stay focused as i snap the magnets together over and over again.
how about a package of 18 large cloops.. just lg..
i love my cloops, and often fiddle with them when they are not in use. the magnetic action is really satisfying. great to see it for larger cables. good luck!
