hey there, totally forgot to fill out the survey - just did that now. brandon - is it too late to receive my 3 collar perfects? thanks, - jalal
campaign is a total scam!!! let me tell you my story. i backed the campaign for two collar perfect which were sent to me (switzerland) as promised. so far so good, i was looking forward to using them. next thing i know, the parcel is blocked at customs because it does not have a proper indication of the shipment value. i argued with customs and sent them a copy of the pledge, i asked the creator to intervene without success. eventually, the parcel gets returned to the sender. and now comes the kicker: the creator wants me to pay for shipping again, even though this was totally their mistake for not including the bill in the parcel or making a proper customs declaration. i emailed them multiple times with no response other than "we'll send it back when you pay for shipping again". i emailed kickstarter support to no effect. bottom line: reward still not received and never going to be received. creator is non responsive to any of my emails. scam!
hello, i am still waiting my collar perfect. please contact me, thanks.
i found a great convenient n quick way of ironing everlast boxing hand wraps using collar perfect after each wash.
@all. thanks for a successful campaign. we look forward to hearing how you use collar perfect and your thoughts on the product. with your help, we brought the idea to life. now that all ordered are fulfilled, we are placing our campaign as complete. all future requests, questions, etc, please send to sales@collarperfect.com. thanks, the collar perfect team
@sween. for your security, we have sent you a direct message with your shipping information.
hi... i am yet to receive my product... is there anyone else who is still waiting for theirs? collar perfect team, please update me on what the situation of my shipment is please.
@brandon and everybody else wondering. i can confirm that all 3 units worked perfectly fine at 220v. i had to use an adapter but it's not an overly powerful iron and doesn't draw that much so any good quality adapter should be fine. i plugged it in and it worked like it did on my 110v line.
@chiel our kickstarter project was only for a us power-corded unit. however, the internal circuits support 110v and 220v and will work in your countries power requirements.
i received my collar perfect... but i can't use it in the netherlands... because it has the wrong voltage and plug.. :s :s
@andre.  the units have been through etl certification for either 110 or 220v.  the internal electronics are designed to operate in either operating environments and do not require any type of physical switch between the 2 standards.  you are safe to use in either 110v or 220v.
that was quick! all three units arrived in perfect conditions in brazil. i'm a little worried though - the manual says 110/220 but on the iron itself it's written 100-120. i travel to places that are 110, some that are 220 and here at home it's 220. now i don't know which one to trust - the manual or the iron. i got one with the us power cord which is fine because it's easier to plug it into my outlets, does this mean that they're strictly 110v?
i received all 3 units in great retail packaging. hasn't test it yet. but looks totally awesome.
got mine in canada. looks and feels good. worked great on my test shirt. look forward to more testing!
received mine in canada.... v nice design and works quite well.. good instructions sheet... has various heatt/material settings.... takes some practice to use it as a clamp in the air without a flat surface... but great to have the option to switch to traditional iron great compact size and absolutely perfect size for travel without bulk at all... wonderful work and great price for this gadget..
got my product and it seems to work well, but it will take a bit of time to use it more efficiently. thanks.
@all. thanks for a successful campaign.  we look forward to hearing how you use collar perfect and your thoughts on the product.  with your help, we brought the idea to life. now that all ordered are fulfilled, we are placing our campaign as complete.  all future requests, questions, etc, please send to sales@collarperfect.com. thanks, the collar perfect team
@pabs.  collar perfect is etl certified for either power requirements.  you are safe to use.
received today in australia. looking forward to using this on my trip to japan :) one question though. australia has 220-240v mains and the collar perfect rates at 110-220v. will the unit work without damaging it...?
received today in spain. bravo!! i will put an adapter plug and "et voilà". tonight will test. thaks.
@michael and @keith.  our campaign was only for a us power cord as described in the kickstarter campaign.  during the campaign and based on requests, we were able to change the electronics engineering to support 110v and 220v.  the units can operate for both voltage requirements.
same as keith below, mine arrived today with us power adaptor despite being a uk customer...
hi, i received mine today, i ordered 3 units, all have arrived with non removable us power adaptors, i am an international customer, why did these not have the uk plug on them?
just got mine today and love it so small and heats up very fast. so amazing been waiting to this since i saw it on kickstarter.  great work! :)
@ jon.  we've reviewed your delivery address to your alamo location.  the usps carrier appears to have routed your shipment through a processing station, but is still on track for your destination. for your security, we'll contact you directly.
@ trevor lee for your security, please see our direct response via your provided email address.  please ensure you have kickstarter and collar perfect added to your safe sender list to ensure messages from either source are not placed into the spam folder.
why is my item in puerto rico presently when it shipped form michigan?????
@brandon i haven't received any emails containing a tracking number. could you please manually email one to me? looking forward to recieving the final product! thanks, trevor
@all.  all orders have shipped and the automated messages contain your tracking numbers for the shipment.   take some pictures and tag us or send to us how you best enjoy your new collar perfect!
product appears to work as intended. this is great news. only two things that concern me is the mention of lead in the instructions along with the cancer warning (for the wire coating? but this may be normal in all products?) and the chemical smell while heating up. hoping the smell is just from being used for the first time and that it goes away after repeated uses.
got mine yesterday (feb 18). i live in philadelphia. haven't tested it out yet though.
i received mine today!  going to test it tonight...
got my shipping notice today!
@keith.  it took 3 additional days for the warehouse to process the intake and begin shipments.  the good news is that the shipments are well underway and is not yet complete.  you should be receiving your confirmation and tracking shortly.  thanks.
they should have shipped 4 - 5 days ago. anybody get theirs yet? i'm assuming they didn't ship yet, or there would have been an update.
@all.  please check the latest update for backer shipments and timing for this week.
thanks for the update!
@roger.  please send your updated address in a message to us.
can we update our addresses somewhere?
@jp,  thanks for the notice, it looks like it didn't publish when submitted.  it should be live now.
anyone else seeing jan 5 as the most recent update?
@all.  see the latest update posted today for exciting news.
@hl.   we are waiting on customs to provide notification of completing processing.  we were advised this could take up to 5 business days, so we expect an answer by today or tomorrow.  once complete, we will deliver to the warehouse and begin shipments.  we expect to begin all shipments as early as 2/3-2/5.  once custom clearance is complete, we'll provide notification.
when the shipment would begin?
@all.  our shipment has made it stateside.  we received the official notice last night and is currently processing through customs.
i actually will be leaving to study overseas really soon, so i'd be really happy to give the product a test run and recommend it to others.
@all.   we wanted to provide another update.  we checked on the status of the shipment.  the container ship left port on time.  we are expecting the next update from the shipping company by 1/6 - 1/8 with updated ports of call.
@ all.  production is 100% complete and the 3rd party inspection reports were received today. there were some minor packaging issues to ensure the units will arrive undamaged discovered in the inspection.  these are being repackaged and are scheduled to leave port now on 12/24.  the packaging delay will only add 3 days to timeline and fulfillment will begin 1/22/16.
@ all.  the 3rd party inspections are on track for completing according to our published timeline.  the final report is not expected to arrive until 3 business days later (12/15).  we'll provide an update once received.
@ jon.   please ensure you have your kickstarter account settings set to allow kickstarter project updates to be sent to you via email. we have shared our updates and exact dates and timelines in our latest two updates.  yesterdays update also shared the exact dates.  here is the link: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1431217
can we just simply get a hard date of when you are shipping!!  please!
@ max due to the time differences from our location and the factory, most updates are posted following the scheduled debriefing time from the factory.  updates from the timeline that occur over the weekend will generally be available the following tuesday to allow communication to occur on the prior day (monday). our current update on the production and qc was posted this morning and can be found directly here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1431217
would be a good time for an update, given that 3rd party qc was supposed to either start or finish today. was manufacture completed according to the schedule in update 33?
@ joshua we will continue to accept address change requests until the cut off.  cut of will be december 15.  prior to that date, we will send a final email reminder and address validation.  to change your address, please send the updated address to sales@collarperfect.com. please note, the email address must match the one submitted in the kickstarter survey.
any way to change my shipping address? as you have pushed back the shipping date yet again, i will no longer be at the same address as i submitted.
@all.  please ensure that you have updated your kickstarter profile to allow kickstarter update communications.  if this is not enabled, updates are not sent to you from kickstarter when we post updates to the kickstarter portal. additionally please ensure that you have kickstarter in your safe email contacts to ensure that kickstarter communications are not ending in your spam folder. thanks.
can we get a update please. this is becoming very frustrating with the lack of information you are given us.
glad we funded a vacation break earlier this month. no question there have been legitimate obstacles, but the lack of communication has been pretty bad.
i don't get it, are we supposed to wait now for 2 months more before we get another update?
agree with the recent comments.  in comparison to even the most delayed kickstarters, this one is missing at least the communication factor.
it takes 30 days to deliver overseas!?  that is laughable.  i have this shipped overseas often for my company and even with first time customs delays (that moves significantly faster the 2nd time and forward) it is never close to 30 days.
eh, kids today. don't understand the logistics of making new things with new partners. nomiku 1 was basically a year late. nomiku 2 was supposed to deliver a month before collar perfect, and still not here. kickstarter is an exercise in managed expectations. take every delivery date, and increase it by a factor based on the complexity. pocket squares... one month late. third round of underwear, probably on time. anything more complicated than cutting cloth... expect 3 months to 12. indy game design... still waiting for thunderbeam for ipad (i think there have been 4-5 generations of ipad since that one closed).
i think i am done with kickstarter after this one.
@creator finally added an update of status report, with suggested timeframe for shipping the product to backers. so if doing simple calculation we are looking at an eta of the product to backers of another 60-90 days. that puts the project at nearly a year. should have the title changed to "collar perfect: the insanely delayed iron". we'll probably see another unexpected delay in 2 months for something else, and if not it would be nothing short than a miracle.
even if i get this product, there's no way i'll ever back antoher one of this guy's projects again. the delays on this are ridiculous!
when will i give up even checking on this product?  i think maybe today.  it is terrible even by kickstarter standards.   lets all just assume we have been scammed and leave mr. dierker alone with our hard earned money in his pockets and be pleasantly surprised if he ever delivers.
i was going to keep further inquiries into why my shipment has been interminable delayed, but realized i'm just one of 1277 awaiting the same thing.
guys, calm down. he said they are on vacation until today. that means he won't hear from them until tomorrow, and that's assuming they looked at it during their holidays. at this point what is a few weeks here or there. there have been obvious hurdles but at least they are tackling them. i do agree they haven't been the best with timely communication, but i can tell you for certain they are far from the worst (look at arist for an example of horrible communication). you will get your iron in due time. it was the chinese holiday, so let's not beat them for things out of their control!
october 8 came and went and still no update or comment from the @creator. why am i not surprised?...
wonder if this will deliver for the holidays. been almost a year.
i, for one, like the new color scheme. looks a lot less like a toy. can't wait to get mine!
i don't get it, you said updates due in tomorrow that means saturday, so now it's until next week?? while i do see holidays as obvious delay factor, you did mention the company confirmed updates by saturday...
@tal.  we have sent our comments to the factory on friday for thier engineer's review and comments.  the factory engineer staff is off until the end of national holiday (oct, 8th).  they will respond and provide the final details. http://www.chinahighlights.com/festivals/china-public-holiday.htm
@creator, where's the promised engineers update and last update and shipping dates?..
@all. the review should wrap up tomorrow from engineers.  there were a few questions sent to the factory engineers that are off for national day.  the firm has stated we should receive the updates in later tomorrow. in the mean time, make sure to review the part 1 update, check out the pictures from the update, and get ready for an exciting part 2 update.  link: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1362967
no, they've stopped publishing dates, i imagine after missing the first estimated dates. i ordered this last year is it would make an excellent travel companion. it's now been almost 1 year.
is there an estimated backer delivery date??
something is amiss.. the link you published to the shipment tracking shows est. delivery by sept. 22 and that it's still in transit... so how is it you already got it? also, last update shows design pictures not actual product. please release actual photos we would like to see actual product.. this is getting to be 6 months delay and frankly does not look well. i know projects may have delays but either the factory producing the products is of amateur company or the product itself is to blame. in any event none of this contributes much to the reliability of the entire matter, as all we have till now are some updates and updates of no real data. it begins to feel like a public service office.. ;-)   what i fail to understand is that at the beginning of the project, in the video, you already seem to have a working unit, so why the constant issues with design all the sudden? even if all this is legit, it seems like bad project management. guys, this should have been already out. backers should not be forced to wait 6-8 months more than promised shipping time. i seriously beginning of thinking to request a refund asap.
its kind of crazy how wrinkled my clothes have gotten. this project estimate a spring debut for shipping models and now we are are 6 months back dated. whats next ?
@all.  package was recieved late tonight from fedex.  the engineering team is engaged and will be reviewing the units.  we'll be provided updates in two parts and will work to have the first update late tomorrow.
@ all.  we've gotten through to the direct rep from fedex. the unit is being rerouted and is set for tuesday.  here's a link to the tracking number: http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0565/3661/files/capture_large.png…
@ all. customs has cleared the shipment.  the courier states delivery eta of mid day tomorrow. thanks for your patience.
@ all. the 5 unit parcel  is delayed due to customs.  we should receive on wednesday. thanks for your patience.
is belinda's maiden name possibly dierker?
seems like people are getting a little "hot under the collar" about how long it's taking. i agree it's a long haul. i wasn't paying attention to the estimated delivery date and actually bought two for my husband for last christmas (guess my brain's a little wrinkled). i bought two other items at the same time and received delivery of one last november and the other in march. so this does seem like a long haul. however, just wanted to say your iron seems like a really great design and i'm sure it will be well worth the wait. i'm grateful to be part of this whole concept of supporting and benefiting from innovative people like brandon who put their livelihood and reputations on the line to bring something new and unique to the marketplace. thanks brandon!
@ jeff womble. the factory has finished their 5 unit run and are shipping to us.  tracking shows delivery for 9/14.  we will review these units with our backers with pictures and updates.  following receipt and final approval, the factory will immediately begin the production run and provide us final and solid dates for delivery. thanks for your patience as this final step is made.
@creator.  so after the 5 unit run (which has finished now?), you will go into full production, right?  what is the new estimated shipping date?
@ all.  the factory has requested 5 additional days to complete the 5 unit production run.  these units have the upgraded plastic and the other tooling adjustments.  the updated plastic is looking  sharp.
@ jp.  please follow our updates for the latest communications and updates.   our last update can be found below and is related to update seen here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1322839
what's the latest? shipping was supposed to begin by now according to the adjusted timeline.
@ all. we received our updates from the factory early morning.  the adjustments to the tooling, upper clam shell (top plastic part), hinge, and print pad are looking really good.  the final sample will be delivered stateside to us late next week.  we will have a full write up, pictures, etc on the review.  if all changes are solid, we'll be provided with the manufacturing dates and timelines.
@tal a.  we're anticipating the feedback from the factory wed/thursday of this week.  we'll keep you posted.
any news yet? has been nearly 2 weeks since last update...
pre-production t3 samples and updates have been posted to the updates section. our engineering rep was on site at the manufacturing site this week reviewing the t3 sample. the mold adjustments made after the t2 unit recommendations have improved the units and were a large improvement. however, the t3 sample still had some issues from the molding on the upper part of the unit. the upper shell adjustment does not impact the functionality of the unit, but does affect the finish coating and feel of the unit. additionally the on/off print pad will need an additional step to keep proper alignment. after further discussions with the factory the first part of this week, we will be completing a final t4 sample. our engineering rep is working on site with the factory this week to finish the needed changes. the good news is that the molds/tooling is close and only requires minor changes at this point. the bad news is that we will be missing our anticipated ship dates. we appreciate your patience as we correct the manufacturing steps, and know if may be frustrating. we apologize for the longer than planned wait, but want to ensure you get the perfect product. we are very close to production at this point. we have also taken every step possible with the factory for quick turn around and ensuring the rest of the stages (production, shipment, and delivery) will go smoothly. our logistics partners are ready to go and are some of the best rated in the industry. the factory is reviewing the changes and rushing to get the t4 sample to us. once this is complete, we will have final dates to share from the factory. at this point, we will provide a detailed production update as well as the final dates for production, shipment, and delivery times.
@ jon and @ ryan, this is a kickstarter campaign and by the very nature of that there will be delays and setbacks. i agree that this project has continued on quite a while but what good does it do to throw your hands in the air and wail? over a thousand of us believed in this project and brandon to begin with or we would not have backed it. let's hope we see results fairly soon and perhaps brandon will be able to manage our expectations with delivery-time information. i do believe that would be the respectful and considerate thing to do here. if he doesn't know, it would be far better for him to say that than remain silent. just sayin'. what say ye, brandon?
i get a strong sense of being swindled.  i, for one, do not think i will be backing anymore kickstarter projects.  this seems to be a common occurrence... shipping in march, no june, no december... if at all!  all these complaints and all we get is a picture of a dirty prototype that looks worse than the one we saw the day the project was launched? i am beyond frustrated.  i give up on this product.
any update on when we can expect to receive the product? you post lots of updates but do not answer people's questions.... as a backer i would like to know why there have been delays and when we can expect the product... most people don't care about your process or tooling, every update should have some content that gives people an idea of expected delivery... this is getting frustrating
@all. t3 samples are expected to arrive on monday, updates will follow once received. for those who missed their update email today regarding the t2 samples & production dates, you can still review it here. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1308158
@all. for those who missed their update email today regarding the t2 samples & production dates, you can still review it here. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1308158
@all.  for those who missed their update email regarding the t1 samples, you can still review it here. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1283782
@creator - i also 2nd to what cullen and rest earlier said. i'm also starting to doubt it myself.. no pictures were/are posted of the samples, and from july 7 till now no real update on the status. we should have better detailed update for the project, more business-wise given that the project's already in months of delay...
@all.  updates from t2 samples to be posted by 7/29.
how about a realistic update as to when products will start shipping?
@ the factory t1 sample arrived today.  we will have our update sent out tomorrow morning with  images.
@ all. we will be receiving the factory's proof/sample on monday. it was shipped to us on friday. we expect to do 2 or 3 of these for them to get everything perfect (fairly standard for 2-3 for manufacturing). once that is complete, they will complete the production run and ship to us. production will only take about 2 weeks. after that they ship to us and we'll ship out as soon as they come.  we are still on within our latest timeline posted in update #27. we will have a post monday or tuesday about the samples. stay tuned to the updates and comments section over the next month or so and we'll keep you up to date.  we'll post a reminder comment to check the latest update posting. thanks all and have a great july 4th weekend. brandon
anyone else starting to seriously doubt we will ever get this?
so,when will start shipping? can i get by august first week? thanks
@karl lee soule .  thanks for the support karl.  we should have some posts in the next 5-7 days with the status of tooling and 1st pass factory samples.
brandon - thank you for staying active in the comments! little updates like this go a long way. looking forward to some pictures of the newest samples!
@mitchell. our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. the t1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up in thee beginning of july. once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. we'll share some images of the samples as well.
tooling still going well?
@mitchell. our tooling is still underway and is going great so far.  we have not had any hold ups or concerns in the process so far with our factory.  the t1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up.  once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update.  we'll share some images of the samples as well.
any new updates
how about "sorry, we're late?" your updates sounds like we should be thankful for backing up your project.
5/18 has passed, 5/19 is halfway through
@all.  update coming tomorrow.  stay tuned.
@ jp lh and dleec19.  we are thankful for your continued support.   our factory is in the process of tooling.  once they are complete, the dates of production completion and container shipment fall into line.  we will have more firm dates on our upcoming 5/18 update communication.
yes, let's get a shipment update asap please.
shipping soon? i hope..
hello is there estimated date when shipping will start? and can you please post a schedule of the shipping?
@ yasser haddawi. please send your updated information to sales@collarperfect.com
@all. kickstarter sent out an auto generated message today as we changed our address update setting.  per our update on april 21st, we have requested our backers provide their address updates directly to us. the change in the  process is to ensure that your updates are received.  address changes in your profile do not automatically update your backed campaigns.  to avoid any issues and to prepare our distribution system, we have made the change in to the address update process. address changes: process change we will continue to accept updates to addresses up through the end of april via the kickstarter system. beginning may 1st, all address changes will need to be sent to sales@collarperfect.com. we will confirm each email receipt we receive. we will also advise a minimum of 3 weeks prior to when all shipping for all addresses changes to be submitted. following this notice, we will lock in the addresses in order meet delivery requirements. please remember that kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages.
does the shipping email mean that you are able to ship this out before june? thanks, i'm excited to get mine!
can someone help me change my phone number?
@all.  our update is scheduled to post around noon tomorrow.
@backers.  next update is scheduled for 4/20.
stories and picture submissions ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? it seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. if you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. if you think we might like it, share it. send your pictures to submissions@collarperfect.com and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds.
@jp.  the information below can be further seen in the following update.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1138380 production timeline as with any factory produced items, changes occur during the evaluation and solidification stages of manufacturing sourcing. these changes can be minor or complex depending on the changes need to support high quality production requirements. during our final manufacturing developments, the design changes have required some time to finalize and work out between parties. these changes were necessary in order to deliver a high quality product and to facilitate the manufacturing needs. as we progressed through the conversation, chinese new year’s occurred during the final step. chinese new year requires a three week pause while the factory closes for the holiday. based on the required design and holiday delay, this will impact our anticipated shipment timeline. we are now anticipating the following timeline: •	manufacturing preparation. february. •	tooling, production & packaging qualification. march – april •	kickstarter order production and fulfillment. may - june
continuing support of address changes several backers may need to change their addresses. we will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. we will put out a four week notice before shipping. after this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. here are their directions. “if you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” also, please remember that kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages.
can we get a shipping update?
is it possible to change shipping address?
@lh  thank you for your patience.  our update will be posted in the morning and is in final edit.
update today?
@backer.  new updates will be published by the 18th.
stay tuned for our update tomorrow...new pictures, design, and production schedule updates coming your way...
come show some love this valentine's day weekend.....we have some exciting news coming in our update this weekend.
@lh, our post was delayed due to getting access to an image.  it is now posted:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts  our next posting will be made between 2/15 and 2/18.
update?
@lh we waited for the t-shirts to arrive on 1/9 before our posting.  here's our latest posting:   https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/699125038/collar-perfect-let-us-iron-out-the-wrinkles-in-you/posts/1104270 our next posting is scheduled to be posted by 1/31 and should have some additional production-related project updates.
update please?
@jonathan - we have a scheduled update that will be posted on 12/6 (saturday) of this week.  in the update, we will share some of our development updates as well as the start of the backer surveys.   thank you for your patience.
hello, it's been a couple weeks and i haven't seen any updates. can we get a status on where everything is? would love to know!
congrats brandon to you and all of the collar perfect crew!  i wish you much success!
congratulations, i am sure you have a winner. i look forward to your future success.
@allbackers thanks for your continued support.  we have 42 hours left and this has been an amazing journey together!
congratulations! very exciting! i disagree with the color comments below. i believe the color scheme is great with mostly b&w with a touch of blue markets to female and male customers of all ages.  also it works great with the logo.
don't rush it, take your time evaluating your prototypes. i just want your most satisfied final design.
congratulations! you made it! and we made it too ... awesome!
congrats...
very close indeed!
getting close now :)
@chris.  as part of this campaign, we are finalizing factory selection and tooling in order to make the first product run.   we currently have multiple working prototypes (such as the 1st prototype featured in the video).   the online support we have received is based on direct outreaches and product information.
just curious if the reviews you link to, like the one in your most recent update, have actually had an opportunity to use the product or not.
thanks for the clarification
@hanyean.   shipping is included within the continental us.   international is flat rate based on the tier.   we added additional information to our faq.  thanks.
hi brandon, can you address the issue with the charging extra shipping fee which was stated as inclusive in the faq for ks backers.
perfect news flash:  check out the post on usa today. ingenious travel iron smooths your threads on the fly http://laundry.reviewed.com/features/ingenious-travel-iron-smooths-your-threads-on-the-fly…
prob ks green and white or black would be better
if possible (ie enough time, energy, money), i think it would be a good idea to generate a more minimalistic colour scheme for the collar perfect. i think it would attract more buyers now and in the future.
@daniel, @madalena, and @grid.  thank you all for your comments and feedback.  we appreciate your feedback, thoughts, and continued support.  we are close and believe that we definitely hit our goal.
i disagree with the below comments. i think the design and  colors  look very nice although i personally like green :) i honestly don't know what to do that would help boost the numbers. maybe the last few days will be good
i think @grid lau is right...many of my friends i've send the link won't pledge because it looks just one more cheap gadget and that's probably one of the reasons this campaign seems to be stucked...aesthetics is very important in this kind of portable stuff
hi. this product seems useful when i go travel. i back it immediately. to me, the colour of collar seems old fashion. i do not mean to offend you. but would you redesign it's colour into single tone colour like black or white? product becomes more fancy encourage more supporter. thx
that's great!!
@daren collar perfect can support the power requirements in asian countries.  it will support most global power standards across the globe.  it can support either 110v or 220v.
can i use an universal power plug to convert it to 3 pin plug to use in asian countries ?
@juan.  the cord is fixed due to the swivel mount that allows the cord to rotate during use.  it does not detach, but the pivoting action helps in the cord storage as well as while in use.  the scope of this campaign does not include a universal plug converter.
reference to @leewelo reference. and what about removable cable from collar to store easier? 1 part collar 2 part cable.
reference to @niels cuestion. it's possible to include in the collar package a simple universal plug converter?
@leewelo the cord is fixed due to the swivel mount that allows the cord to rotate during use.
will the cable be removable so that we can change the plug without cutting it?
@niels the plug for the kickstarter production will be an american plug, but can support 110v or 220v.
what will the plug look like? will it be 220v with an american plug, or are you gonna adjust it for the international backers.
i am sitting here folding laundry for my family and i'm really wanting this little iron for little kid clothes that i refuse to iron the traditional way.  my fingers are crossed that this will be funded.
all the 'perfect' stuff is getting a bit annoying.
hum  ... on the video link today ... care to translate from german?
perfect project update: the perfect team has been hard at work adjusting the electronics, testing, and making things perfect.   today, we are excited to announce that collar perfect now supports power standards for worldwide users - all within one device.  you can use collar perfect without a country's power specific design.  collar perfect is truly the world's perfect transforming travel companion.
ever wonder what inspiration lead to creating collar perfect?   check out our story update: http://ow.ly/chakl
@rl and @ahmed we are near complete with testing.  we expect to be complete within the next couple of days and will have an update on the comments, faq, and updates sections shortly.
@ahmed,  creator and their perfect engineering team are busy to reviewing and testing the power standards and a/c plug for worldwide user (i guess)  please check below on sept 17,22,25,29 https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/699125038/comments
brandon please could you tell us what is the status with the power standards ?
@naif we are in final testing of the power standards this week and will have the feed back to your shortly. we are almost complete with the tests, and believe to have an announcement later this week.
hi there, i would like to ask will it suitable for traveling to area with 210v?
@madalena.   we are in final testing of the power standards this week and will have the feed back to your shortly.  we are almost complete with the tests.
can you consider to produce it also in black as stretch goal??it will look much more chic ;-)
@ rl and @ ahmed - we are in final testing of the power standards this week and will have the feed back to your shortly.
@creator, 10 days pass, when will your perfect engineering team let me/us know the collar with a/c 110-220v and the universal plug or not?
hi, any update about about the power? does it support 220 and 110?
@ poh chee yang based on the feedback, our perfect engineering team is reviewing for support of other power standards and support. please follow along with our campaign and we will provide additional updates on this matter soon.
hi. does it run on 110v or 220v? does the collar perfect allow user to switch according to different countries' power spec?
@beezhan cycling through the power button selects the next temperatures setting.  the front of the screen has an led indicator that shows which setting is selected.  the temperature is regulated through the electronics to control the perfect temperature. you can see the led parts on the image located at: http://www.collarperfect.com/
that sounds amazing brandon. how does this temperature regulation happens? do you have to set it up every time you are ironing and for example set the button to wool or silk? or does collar perfect somehow recognizes the kind of particular fabric? it would actually not be practical to set it up. because every time you need to make sure you know exactly what your clothes are made of and then set it up. unless the collar perfect does it automatically. thanks brandon. beezhan tulu www.livingwebfilms.com
@t collar perfect comes with the perfect blend of 6 different temperatures for the most common fabrics.  collar perfect regulates the temperatures to ensure the the perfect temperature is applied every time.  these temperatures are synthetic, silk, wool, cotton, denim, and linen.
also, is this safe to iron lycra and silk?
i hope you will make both versions 110 and 220v so the backers can choose. this is very important since i plan to use this strictly when traveling. having an additional power converter is very inconvenient and ruins the whole idea of having a compact ironing device.
220v support is a must. just provide a special detachable head for different power outlet. if possible sell another power supply. it is very easily burn when you travel abroad pluck in/out. i routinely see many of my gadgets power supply from extensive traveling. buying power supply later is a big inconvenience and expensive!
@tim @niels, i think creator will make a right decision of 110-220v and international plug, of course with protection bag. if not, i guess some international backers will out (including me)
i hope so there will be a 220v and a correct plug for in the european sockets (not uk). if not i will have to cancel my pledge.
this product looks great for all the travel i do.  i certaily hope it can accomidate 220v in addition to 110 though as a fair amount of travel that i do is outside the us.
@beezhan tulu during testing, the dual plates (one on each wing) provided sufficient heating abilities to tackle those pesky wrinkles.
hi brandon. does collar perfect has steam and other options like other irons? how does it not get too hot and not burn the clothes? normally irons either use water or steam to lose wrinkles, how does collar perfect do it?  thanks.
@jiehui we here at the collar perfect team have researched those options during our early developmental stages. due to the added bulk and expensive battery costs to accommodate retractable mechanisms with the entire cord and batteries, we have not included those features.
good to know! that aside, some tech questions i wanna ask.. i understand collar perfect is meant to be travel size and portable,  i'm wondering if the design and tech aspect allows collar perfect to have its own power source (skip the annoying power cable)? it might just have enough power for a small fix on clothing but it would surely help for people who is always on the go. don't get me wrong but the current design is great and reasonable as when ironing goes, power source is relatively nearby. or maybe a retractable wire cable to make it hassle free? i'm just pushing the boundaries of the design and tech while balancing the current functionality. :)
@jiehui & @shabaz we have reviewed the item and do not see on conflicts.  collar perfect has many distinctive design and functionality advances; such as light weight and perfect for travel, small and compact design, different adjustable temperature settings, and quickly converts to support conventional ironing.   collar perfect also has two patents pending and had a thorough search performed before filing.
argh.. sorry shabaz comment was pasted on top of mine.. hope its still readable.. in any case hopefully it wouldn't cause much of a trouble to the project!  :)
shabazabout 18 hours ago @brandon (creator), you said you are the founder and inventor of this great innovation/product?not sure but since i already saw an identical one before, and its hardly 14 usd on amazon.co.jp i thought to share this with fellow backers. search for koizumi t-iron on amazon.co.jp quick image: http://image.rakuten.co.jp/kimuraya/cabinet/keb/4981747035004s02.jpghi brandon dierker, interesting concept. however really hoped you will answer shabuz question and li wang highlight about a similar product openly.  if that product is "unfortunately" patented, it would cause a tons of trouble and would even affect production. i've personally encountered a project due to patent issue with other companies was forced to abandon the project after funding. so copyright issue is no joke in kickstarter and most backers mind. hope you could clear some doubts and i'll be more than willing to pledge more collar prefect for my family and friends. in case you missed it, here's shabaz comment:
@howard hau and @rl.   based on the feedback, our perfect engineering team is reviewing for support of other standards. please follow along with our campaign and we will provide additional updates on this matter soon.
@howard, that is my question asked before. creator said the prototypes were developed for 110v line input for usa markets, i think it will not including universal plug for his planning. their perfect engineering team need more time to reviewing the voltage and a/c plug for international backer.
i have backed the project - for now, with the prospect that a uk adapter may be offered. i like the concept of this product. but i'll be honest - if a uk adapter option (with 220-240v) is not offered in the end, i will have to cancel my pledge. i hope more adapters will be offered to cater for the needs of international backers.
@ li wang and @jacob matthews. we are reviewing with our warehouse this afternoon edt time.  we will have a reply soon. @ li wang - can you describe or send me a message with your concern with amazon japan. thanks,
@creator. mind addressing the canadian shipping cost and amazon japan concerns?
@creator, the device using us a/c power plug or universal plug?
great product. thanks for doing this.
@abdul halim mat ali. - power: our initial prototypes were developed for 110v line input for usa markets. based on the feedback, our perfect engineering team is reviewing for support of other standards. please follow along with our campaign and we will provide additional updates on this matter.  - fabrics - 5 adjustable temperature settings - perfect for any temperature (poly, silk, wool, cotton, denim, and linen).  these settings will apply to other fabrics with similar recommended temperatures.
@creator. it seems with 110v, collar perfect can be used in certain countries and can't be used in asia. any plan to support this countries. also, what kind of fabric can be used with collar perfect?
greetings, we are updating our faq section with the answers to the questions below: - power: our initial prototypes were developed for 110v line input for usa markets.  based on the feedback, our perfect engineering team is reviewing for support of other standards.  please follow along with our campaign and we will provide additional updates on this matter.  - power cord: the rotating power cord currently is slated to be between 6 - 8 feet in length and is perfect at providing improved user ability in detailing and ironing scenarios.  final tooling and manufacturing requirements post campaign will finalize the determination. please follow along with our campaign and we will provide additional updates on this matter.  - heating times - we won't have a specific number until the final phases of manufacturing, but we are targeting less than two minutes to full heat.  - size and dimensions: collar perfect is the perfect travel companion.  it is handheld size and perfect for travel, storing in your desk, placing in a carry-on, etc.  please see the following image: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/002/595/102/72c6e4a94b544bfc3e87fa02ccd42f87_large.png…
@brandon (creator), you said you are the founder and inventor of this great innovation/product? not sure but since i already saw an identical one before, and its hardly 14 usd on amazon.co.jp i thought to share this with fellow backers. search for koizumi t-iron on amazon.co.jp quick image: http://image.rakuten.co.jp/kimuraya/cabinet/keb/4981747035004s02.jpg
this looks great! but yes, i'd like to have a better sense of how this is powered. also, can you give us the specifications (overall dimensions, size of heating surface, weight) as well? i'd like to make sure it's small and light enough for travel.
maybe i missed it, but i didn't see it explained anywhere how long it takes to power/heat up to each of these temperature settings. one minute? two? five? what is the heating element? is water involved as with a regular iron?
can you investigate shipping costs for canadians? most us campaigns find they can offer economy shipping to canada for far less than most international shipping. and although kickstarter doesn't facilitate multiple shipping tiers, us canadian backers are getting used to pledging as though we're in the us and manually compensating for shipping charges.
@creator.  most of us are concerned on how this device is powered. if via ac, can it be used in all countries?
one more question, are the device wireless?
hi brandon, the collar perfect is the only ironing device designed for the on-the-go lifestyle, will the collar perfect device including universal plug and protection bag? what is the voltage?  rl
i have a few questions: is it bivolt? what is the cable length? there will be option for eu outlet plug?
