need help to upgrade? help
bruce, glad to hear you got it working.   btw, it should take between 6 to 10 sec.  if it takes longer there might be some other issue.   do you have good signal strength? best regards,  hyung
ok found main problem, was sent bad ethernet cable, but i hope the software improves, takes five minutes before i get any video, way too long....
bruce,   i replied to your email.   please check and let me know.  best regards,  hyung
yes, i got mine today, finally, no it does not work, only demos come up, no tv channels, no setting and chromecast only show name not even the demos that is probably in the app! very disappointed!!!!! took antenna right off tv!
so i was wondering if there's any updates? was hoping to receive this before football season is over. or at least by the end of this year? if i'm going to receive my unit next year please just tell me so.
when you will start the delivery process? what s going on actually now?
any more updates?
bruce, we haven't been active with update but we are making good progress and we are schedule to ship small quantity within september.  if you have any questions, please contact me directly at hlim@4setv.com.  best regards, hyung
kennth,  we ran into some issues but we are on track to ship small quantities in late september.  we will provide update with exact ship date shortly.
i'm starting to believe your not being truthful about the product.... is this a phantom object and project???
we still on track? i got this as a present for a friend whose birthday is in september.
bruce, we just finished our pre-production build of small quantity and we are on track for august shipment.  thanks for the pledge and interest in 4setv. best regards, hyung
you're in production mode, now, no? can't wait for august, not really for august, but forfor the unit...
wayne, here are answers to your questions. 1. yes 2. it is done automatically.  3. it is an option we have not yet implemented.  watching one channel on tv is something you can already do with your current set up.  so, casting usage case was for multi-view mode only so far. you can email me at hlim@4setv.com if you have more questions. best regards, hyung
thanks, the dlna support sounds great.  sorry for all the questions but i have a few more. 1. dlna devices will be able to change the channel, correct?  i'm assuming by browsing through the available channels? 2. will connecting through dlna require manually selecting one of the four tuners?  or will the dlna device automatically connect to any available tuner? 3. will casting have the option to switch between casting just one channel and all four channels?
wayne, 4setv hardware is using dlna.  thus, any dlna device can connect and select any single channel.  selecting 4 channel requires special instructions and it is only available through 4setv app.  casting option works with chromecast or dlna renderer. best regards, hyung
thanks for the response.  i had another question.  what are the requirements for the "play to" hardware (besides chromecast)?  can any dlna client accept the 4setv stream?
wayne, thanks for the pledge & interest in 4setv!   yes, 4setv support clear qam. best regards, hyung
kenneth, thanks for the pledge & interest! 4setv doesn't support moca.  if you can't place 4setv hardware near your router you could use moca to ethernet bridge. best regards, hyung
is the tuner qam-capable?
can we use moca instead of an ethernet cable? that would be massively convenient
jian h, thanks for your interest & pledge. 4setv supports 1080p30.  we are planning to support closed caption in one channel mode only. if you have more questions, feel free to contact me at hlim@4setv.com. best regards, hyung
this is the quietest ks campaign i have ever seen ;-) @creator what is the exact specs of  4setv hd video? does 4setv support atsc closed caption?
hi, jian h, vidipath is a new marketing name for dlna-cvp2.  if you search for cvp2, you will find some information.  it is our plan to get dlna vidipath certified when we have enough demand and resource. the other answer is 4 clients when each client is viewing one screen. best regards, hyung
@creator thanks for the response. so my understanding on vidipath is that it is a set of additional components added to the basic dlna for receiving the protected (i.e. subscription) contents offered by cable companies via corresponding cable gateway box. will 4setv be vidipath certified? my other question is how many devices can access the contents via 4setv at the same time?
hi jian h, thanks for your interest and pledge! here are some answers to your questions. 0. drm: i was referring to dlna vidipath which most of the major paytv operators are planning to support.  i believe drm information is still not open to public.  at least, you can google dlna vidipath to read about the industry coverage. 1. there has been significant improvement in product and marketing message but basic functionality is still same.  we learned a lot from first campaign and made a lot of changes in how we kicked off the campaign.   2. wifi usb dongle is one of the option we have.  since 4setv hardware can sit right next to your router, we haven't implemented wifi dongle.  we will evaluate if this is needed in near future. 3.  we are currently doing stereo sound but we can change to pass-through broadcasted format for clients capable of supporting such standards. again, thanks for your interest. best regards, hyung
@creator congratulation on reaching the goal! i have several more questions: 1. i noticed this is the second time you lunch 4setv on kickstarter.  what is the difference between two? 2. is it possible to connect 4setv via wifi (e.g with a usb dongle)? 3. does 4setv provide the surround sound audio in the original tv program streams?
@creator "... we are capable to support 4 inputs over dlna which many cable companies are planning to support..." how does 4setv deal with drm in this scenario?
george, thanks for your interest in 4setv.  current product is for atsc only.  when we make a decision to introduce dvb-t2 version, we will announce in via our website and facebook page. best regards, hyung
hello creator, unless there is a version to support dvb-t rather than just atsc, i will unfortunately also have to drop my pledge. i am currently using a small "dvb over wifi" device called tizi to stream antenna tv broadcast over my home network, but this unit will also soon be outdated as it does not support the newer dvb-t standard, which will be the main protocol used here in europe. i hope you can fill that gap with your product as well.
@herowoac thanks for your interest.  i am sorry kickstarter page wasn't clear about the county you can use 4setv.  we do have a lot more information in our website but our kickstarter page was missing such information.  we will update the faq area to address this issue. best regards, hyung
please do provide this information visibly on the campaign page. if you support atsc only, then you might also consider shipping only to the countries that use atsc. i'm located in europe and so are a lot of your backers. if you don't make a solid commitment to support the dvb-t over-the-air standards (including dvb-t and dvb-t2) before the campaign ends i will cancel my pledge. (and so will alot of other people.)
@ben1680  thanks for your interest.  current version is atsc only so that it can be used to capture over-the-air broadcasting in us, canada, mexico and korea.   we are evaluating other options including dvb-t2 version but haven't made our decision yet.   please check out website to sign up for news letter.  we will update you with progress. best regards, hyung
@creator  can you post your hdtv tuner spec in your campaign page? will you offer dvb-t2 version (dvb-t compatible) for backer outside usa (europe, australia, asia)?
allen, thanks for you interest and backing us again. current product is limited to over-the-air content only but we are planning to support other dlna devices like hdhomerun.  our focus is to make a very good product using over-the-air first.  then, we will add other capabilities like getting streams from other dlna servers.  do you mind sharing which hdhomerun device you are using and the experience you have?  i have one and used with my galaxy tablet but my experience didn't meet my expectation.  you can send me reply directly to my email at hlim@4setv.com. best regards, hyung
are you saying hdhomerun devices already already supported via dlna?
kenneth, thanks for the interest and pledge.  here are answers to your questions. 4setv is currently supporting over-the-air broadcasting only.  however, we are capable to support 4 inputs over dlna which many cable companies are planning to support.  we are planning to do testing and develop easy to use ui to support the mode you are referring to in near future. 4setv doesn't have hdmi output.  i agree that hdmi cable could make things easier for some people.  we spent a lot of time to make our product very easy to use.  i think you will agree when you experience our product in near future.  by the way, chromecast is not required if you have smarttv with dlna capability. we didn't show it on the demo video but we have tested sony and samsung tv and it works very well.   if you don't like chromecast, you could use other solution with dlna dmr capability. best regards, hyung
also, this device doesnt even have an hdmi output? i think that makes it a harder sell, i hate my chromecast, always faulty or not working and i am pretty savvy myself. my family members would never be able to get this working if it relies on a device like that. any chance we can get a hardware change before production?
can we have it where we can provide it 4 inputs? like, if i want to use a few computers on one screen to stream? what streaming services is it using, how will i know that i can watch the games i want without hassle if it does not even have a single input from a more conventional source like my cable box.
