i just got my package (amsterdam , the netherlands). thanks!
i live in cologne, germany, and i still wait (and getting more and more annoyed with it) for the vinyl and the t-shirt.  please, cody!
cody!  i live in montevideo, uruguay, (south america) and i just recieved my vinyl (and my shirt).  thank you very much, your music have healing powers. much love.
i live in paris and i just received my vinyl! thank you so much for your work.
hey everyone, for those of you who are looking to this comment section for information about the delivery of your kickstarter backer rewards... i've been disseminating this information via the kickstarter backer updates, so please check your kickstarter inbox. the last message was sent out on nov. 19th and has all the details about the delay's in shipments. i'll be sending out another backer update later this afternoon with more info as well. good news to come :) thanks, cody
hi everybody, i look forward to listening to my cd, please give me some details about the time to get it.grrrr! nevertheless, i congratulate cody chesnutt for his album even if i find the tracks a bit overproduced, i discovered his new album 2 years ago at la bellevilloise  in paris, it was a kind of magic.i thought that cody would have played one of the headphone masterpiece, but at the end it was like an evidence not to hear "the  head phone masterpiece". also my favourite tracks if i have to choose one is "what kind of cool we will think of next", maybe because it's the first one i've heard on youtube, it's a version of  "what kind of cool" with deantoni parks on drums in a festival on a sunny day, no words to explain my feelings... thanks. look forward to hearing news.
hey there everyone, not sure if you've all had the chance to read the backer updates i've been sending out (last one was november 19), but we've been addressing production and shipping issues that have set back the delivery of some of your backer rewards. however, everyone should have received their digital copies of my album(s). if you have not received the digital copy, please read your backer updates as there are links to the downloads there. unfortunately, we've had a few setbacks with our new york-based vendors due to hurricane sandy. as mentioned in the previous backer update, we're aiming to have everything together and mailed out by the end of the month. i'm extremely sorry for the delay, and i appreciate how supportive you've been! i'll be sure to keep you posted as soon as we have more details and start the shipping process! thank you all for your patience and understanding, cody
"now this is how a kickstarter project should be done" - too bad this is not how everyone feels. my first time at kickstarting something and i haven't received my lp. hoping to hear something soon. i don't see any comments from the organizers or producers of this project.
cody... help me out.  first kickstarter project supported and nothing to show for it...  except a thank you note.  can i get a heads up on when i can expect the lp?  before 2013?  never?  help me out!
did the lps ship out yet?  we're past the estimated delivery date. i can't wait to spin in out!
no i didn't received it yet. can't wait!
has everyone received their vinyl? i have not received mine yet, but i was thinking maybe the east coast storm had something to do with messing up shipping.
cody, the album is incredible! thank you so much. what a project and i am happy that we could all help you to put out this gem of music.
i never received my vinyl lp or the black skin digital download.
now this is how a kickstarter project should be done. well done sir !! timely delivery and great product.
hey cody. i know you ain't reading this but been a big fan of yours for years, thanks for repping fla. i dig the ep version on where is all the money going but it blew my mind to hear it on landing, cant wait for the record man thanks cuz!
hey just a note to say, thanks for sharing your gift!  we had a great time with u in miami & we look forward to more of your creativity and swag in your great music.  thanks for continuing to do what u do because u do it very well!!!  much love :)
congratulations brother - just doing what i can to help you keep making your magic. see you at the jazz cafe!
all the respect in the world to you and this campaign to keep the music pure, and outside of the industry system.  i am proud to have given to this, and can't wait to hear the album.  i hope you will come back to copenhagen, denmark sometime, your concert there was truly inspirational and we need that here. blessings to you and your team...
peace and blessings.
congratulations cody! looking forward to hearing your beautiful art. glad to help!
you got this in the bag! looking very forward to it!
been waiting for this since seeing cody's live release in sydney in 2006. he might look good in leather, but he can rock a velvet cape too. love your work cody!!!
my man! 7 days left and only about $1,150 to go - you got this!
can't wait for the show!
that track is fire...come on $20,000 !!
i was thinking about you cody... and casually discovered you're project on kickstarter. you're sooo noice, i love you. go ahead. already waitin' for this new work.
really glad to be a part of this thing.  lots of respect and good will - from australia.
a new album - a whole album this time! love the ep, it was just such a tease after the depth of emotions on the earlier double-record... so excited for new music! go, cody, go!
so excited about this project!! keep going brother.. much love and appreciation from cologne. bless. :)
dude me and my girls use to you hard in car in front of a club.  can't wait to hear your album.
saw you last night at yoshi's. you're so inspiring. uplifting! congrats on this project and thank you for sharing your gift with the world! p.s.: wanted to tell you that the piece you wrote for your niece is beautiful and perfect. love love love it. please tell me is it going to be included on the album! d.
hope you land on the truth cody. you're not a stranger. you're not a dead man. you're beautiful.
absolutely love the sound! i've already started passing this around to others who i know will really dig it!
i'm here!!! i didn't know cody until i saw this kickstarter!!! wow... blew my mind... as i am mainly a metal, blues, jazz, soul, rock and folk listener, cody just hit all kinds of spots on my musical soul :) glad i can be a part of this!!! now if only i can raise 250$ so i can fulfill my dream of being in the liner notes in an album from one of my loved artists...
hey cody, what an incredible celebration, your show yesterday at sobs! we had sky high expectations, but were blown away from the first sounds. your soul train will take  the world, and i'm so glad to be part of it. keep it moving!
im so excited!!! thank you!!!
i expect for this moment since eight years: a new album by cody chesnutt thank you, thank you, thank you.
i would happily sell everything i own and walk around in a sack for this album to get out. awesome stirring work as always.
greetings cody, you are a great talent. i see a future in you, and i'm glad to have played a part. keep up the good work! michael -
the only song of yours i've ever heard is "look good in leather". that title was enough to warrant $25
