still my favorite crowdfunding project i've backed so far out of over a hundred. i started with three apple tv and three roku and have since gotten a few more for myself and friends. the new apple tv 4 one works great and i have liked the amazon fire one too. it would be great if you could come out with a nvidia shield tv version too! that is the best android tv platform and if you have a nexus android tv version, the shield would make more sense. great job on these!
@bitemyapple.co, please email me at help@sideclickremotes.com with your full name and email address so we can look into this and make sure you get your rewards.
never got my order of five
@jonathan, email me at help@sideclickremotes.com   we'll look into this for you.  please tell me your full name and address in your email so i can look into this.
i was supposed to get a gen 4 adapter clip free but never got it. not sure what to do on this one now.
@david truong, please contact me at info@sideclickremotes.com.  your package shipped back in april but tracking has since expired (dhl: 9274899999897640228410).  if you did not receive, let us know by emailing please.
i never received my sidekicks =(... did i miss something?
we have two sideclicks, one for each tv, and they work flawlessly.  super happy i backed this campaign, thanks for making a great product.
i picked up roku ultra this morning no issues with the clips from the side click fitting the new remote
anyone got the new roku's today? the remote looks similar to the 4 so the clips should fit the ultra, premier, and express.
yay!  thanks so much for the compliments.  love that you are lovin sideclick and the new apple tv gen 4 adapter.  we're working hard to get the complete starter kit in stock within the next couple months.
thanks for the apple tv adapter. it's beautiful!
received my apple tv 4 clip today and it is a perfect fit. now all my streaming devices have clips. this is the best project i have ever backed and i doubt it will be topped anytime soon. thanks again so much !!
i just wanted to say how much i love this product, its not everyday a kickstarter produces and well made item and that works so well, thank you!!!
hi mib, the apple tv gen 4 complete kit will be available within the next 90 days.  unfortunately i don't have a more accurate date yet but will soon.  i'll update as soon as i have a more precise date.    *also, please note that the fastest way to reach me is at help@sideclickremotes.com if anyone needs assistance.  it's hard to stay on top of all of the comments, but doing our best...
when will the apple tv 4 sideclick with the clip be released? i have asked this question for the @creators web site and no reply.
apple tv 4 clip shipped yesterday can't wait!!
i left a review on bestbuy as so pleased with this product you guys deserve to do well
credit where it's due, this campaign delivered without massive delays and the remote works as promised and was dead easy to program, if only all kickstarter campaigns were like this! thanks guys love it, will definately be buying more from you, excellent job
@true bloom  ordered my atv4 sideclick. did i read right that it will ship around aug. 12 ?
i got my discount code for apple tv4 clip today. ordered it $5 shipping only. thanks sideclick !!
left a review on best buy and sent out a tweet! i love my sideclick and am happy to spread the word. this has been the best kickstarter i've ever backed. love you guys and gals!
is there any way we can get a code, and then use it for a possible future clip release? the new mi box is coming out soon, and am hoping that there's interest.
left a nice, honest review. spoiler alert! i gave it 5/5 :)
love the sideclick for our apple tv remote! now my husband doesn't lose the remote as often ;) i clicked the google docs link for the free adapter clip and got a "resource unavailable." message. help?
the link for the free adapter doesn't work
new update posted that addresses free adapter clip and some big news:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1627037…
when's the new clip?
still one of the best kickstarters i have backed! way to go guys!!
this product works great!!  thanks again
the sideclick is one of the best kickstarter projects i've ever backed. thank you for being true to your word and making a great product!
i am loving my side click. it is absolutely invaluable. a must have roku accessory. i don't know how i lived without it. but my favorite feature is how easy it is to program and how you can program any button to do anything and program multiple devices. i have the power button to turn the tv on and off but the rest of the button control my sound system so its great.
i am absolutely loving the convenience of my sideclick!
be sure to check out our latest update on the free adapter clip for backers and the status of the apple tv gen 4 adapter clip.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1595892
@all  see update #16 for appletv4 sideclick info. coming in july !
loved my sideclick; is there an adapter for new apple tv remote?
@creator where are you at with a design for the atv4 sideclick? your backers that want one would like details . cost, timeline, pre-pay ?
i have been loving my sideclick! the firetv remote was always getting lost in the couch cushion before. now that it's a bit more substantial, it tends to stick around better. that, and not having to search for the tv remote, make this thing absolutely fantastic. thanks, friends!
i got mine today, everything works really well. i will gladly recommend the sideclick.
i love my sideclick. i only need it to use now. i don't like that my remote is a little loose. i did try the other and the one is the tightest on it. i want to get one for my dad, but since he still has cable, after reading the comments, it wouldn't work too well with it. thank you so much for keeping us informed and delivering a great product.
i received my apple clip for the 3rd generation model. it fits as excellent as my roku remote clips.
i like @mib's idea! with that also an led that indicates the mode!
fits very well. simple to set up. good quality product. very pleased! my idea for v2 is a button ie. in a different colour at the top, which gives extra functionality. so, i press it once for the buttons i programmed ie. the plus button increases the volume. press it again, and the plus button fast forwards on a dvd player. so you end up with a total of 16 programs. that way you only need to add an extra button to increase the functionality and maintain the current design. hope that was clear! :)
@melvyn heard, you most likely have the wrong clip attached.  the roku kit comes with 4 clips.  check out our help center :  https://www.sideclickremotes.com/apps/help-center#!which-roku-adapter-clip-do-i-need you need the adapter clip labeled rd which is in the bottom tray in the box.
roku stick sidekick adapter way too deep, width is okay.   amazon fire adapter was a perfect fit, looks great.
arrived in ireland, can't wait to try it!
@creator got my sideclicks today ! nice packaging! obviously well thought out as well as the finished product! unfortunately, i have given the roku2 away any upgraded the atv to atv4. they program fine. fit and finish is good ! i appreciate your dedication and hard work on bringing these great products to the consumer market ! keep up the good work !
received mine in the uk today. a breeze to set up and fits like a glove on my roku controllers. thanks guys, this project has been a pleasure from start to finish.
arrived :) works well, feels great and fits perfect to firetv remote.
sorry the new 2016 roku streaming stick
i picked up the new 2016 streaming stick tonight and the rd clip fits that remote just fine.
just got my two one for me and one for my mom just in time for mothers day!! we love love love them i previously had 4 remotes and what a pain in the you know what!! also with apple tv i was always 'misplacing' the remote. this solved all those problems!!! it works perfectly and the programming was easy peazy!! i only wish it had maybe two more buttons cause it's so amazing! had to pick the most important ones i use every day!
fire tv/stick  http://www.amazon.com/dp/b01dmmb7ko/…
apple tv  http://www.amazon.com/dp/b01dmn5qpk/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pc_ns_ttl…
let's leave a review on amazon for our creators.   roku  http://www.amazon.com/sideclick-remotes-sc2-rk15k-universal-attachment/dp/b01dmkt6ko/ref=pd_sim_sbs_23_3…
got my roku remotes yesterday.  love them. work perfectly.  have them for our bedroom tv's so cant tell you enough how nice it is to only need one remote.
sideclick is one of them!! 9 roku tricks you should try right now http://www.cnet.com/how-to/9-roku-tricks-you-should-try-right-now/ shared via the cnet application  http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/id383989837
thank you for persevering with such a great concept. your hard work has resulted in a high quality product that is easy to intergrate with my rc devices. i recommend the sideclick to anyone that is looking for a solution to end their remote control nightmare! thankyou guys.
got mine on saturday (roku & apple tv). both working fine so far. good job guys & gals.
arrived at my work address at the end of last week (nz) but i just picked them up. my whole family are looking forward to me getting them home to improve our 'remote situation'. thanks team for the work you put into this - really looks great.
the day before yesterday, i was frustrated and disappointed with this project because of the delays. however, i got mine yesterday and i love it! the appletv remote fits perfectly, and looks great when attached. and not being forced to use 2 remotes is so awesome that all my frustration and disappointment melted away and left nothing but happiness and appreciation. thank you for such a useful product! p.s. i have a device called "slice media player" (also a kickstarter project) that is similar to an appletv/roku device, and it came with it's own remote. i would love to be able to get a sideclick for that device too, but obviously you haven't made an attachment for that remote yet. since it will be hard for you to make a specific attachment for every remote available, will there be some kind of universal/adjustable attachment available so that we can connect the sideclick with other generic remotes?
got mine and set one roku up. works great! i combined 5 remotes into one and control the tv, sound bar, hdmi switch, and a fan alongside the roku! this has been one of the best kickstarter products i've received yet! great job guys!
@joel delman  regarding directv, we have heard from a few backers that they are unable to program sideclick with some buttons on their cable box remote.  here's what we were able to find out: we have found that some of the cable remotes are ir only and yes these can be used to program sideclick. however many cable boxes use a hybrid ir and rf remote.  these hybrid ir/rf remotes emit an ir signal to function the tv (power, volume, source/input) so sideclick can be used to program those functions, however the problem is for any function not controlling the tv directly, the cable remote emits an rf signal which is not compatible with sideclick.  for instance, channel up/down, guide, and play/pause which directly signal the cable box are not compatible with sideclick.  those functions cannot be assigned to sideclick. https://www.sideclickremotes.com/apps/help-center#can-i-use-my-cable-box-remote-directvcomcastxfinity-to-program-sideclick
awesome
joel i don't have directv anymore but is the directv remote set in rf or ir?  if rf than that might cause the programming not to take with the sideclick.
is there a troubleshooting faq? did not see it at the website... i'm not able to program the up/down channel keys from my direct tv remote, have tried every which way other than standing on my head. anyone else have a similar issue with the new direct tv remotes?
received a couple days ago. works like a charm! product quality is excellent. button feel is perfect.
got mine yesterday! love them!
backer 2,368 got my dual apple tv side clicks ! looks great can't wait to use it !! socal ca
got mine today in canada. love it already, and it's been out of the box for about 5 minutes. great build quality, packaging is really nice, and the product... well, it lives up to everything promised when i backed it (which was a really nice surprise). one question/request: is it possible to program macros onto one button? for example, i'd like to turn on both my tv and sound bar with the single power button. if it's not possible on this model, maybe a future feature for v2 (which i'd buy a second nexus player, just to justify another purchase from you guys). really, really impressed. will you be hosting any sort of community on your site? or is there somewhere i can write a review?
wow, @lori, that really means a lot.  seriously, i was thinking about you and hoping that you would be pleased once sideclick arrived.  thank you for taking the time to post your comments.  and i totally agree with you about the raised dot.  we already have that in our plans for the next round of production.  thanks very much for the feedback and the general kindness...it means a lot especially after today as a disgruntled backer posted a nastygram on our amazon page and totally bummed us out.  all the best!
received today in new zealand. great packaging and product - well done!
here i am with my head hanging down. i was one of the people that gave you guys grief not too long back about it taking so long. my sincerest apologies! i was looking forward to checking my mail all day today so when i received both of my remotes today (firetv & roku) i was super excited to check them out. they perform wonderfully and look great. i have small hands and they're not even too big for me! the button feel is very nice when pressing it - not clicky or mushy. i have one design suggestion for your next round: perhaps a little raised dot or something maybe on the up buttons (volume up & channel up) to distinguish them better from the other buttons. not having that doesn't take away from the sideclick itself though at all. looking forward to a long life with my sideclicks and will be spreading the love about your product with friends & family. again, apologies for my previously sour attitude. thanks to you all!
fantastic product! easy to program following the videos on their website. feels comfortable and well manufactured in your hand. the buttons are very responsive and easy to reach. i have a firetv stick remote without voice search and the edge of the clip almost touches the left most buttons. i understand this is to help it stay secure but maybe a millimeter off would add to the overall feel. overall great idea and execution!
in my testing the rd clip will fit the ir only roku remotes that i purchased directly from roku.  sideclick have us roku owners covered with clips.  loving these and pulling the batteries out of my manufacturer remotes no longer need them now.
so happy to see all the positive comments.  we are loving that so many of you are loving your sideclicks!  please help us spread the word on social media and consider writing a review on our website.  if anyone needs any support, please email us at help@sideclickremotes.com.  the response time will be much quicker via email rather than a kickstarter message or comment.  happy streaming everyone!!!
got my apple tv side kick! holy crap a kick starter project that actually works as advertised! love this thing! great quality! nice work team!!
got my sideclicks today! they look so awesome. it has a nice finish and feels great on hand! i was able to program 2 of 3 with no problem! great job sideclick team!
the ra clip will work with the older roku2xs bluetooth remote in my testing
i got mine yesterday and i set up 2 of them. one i was able to program power/input for my tv and av receiver. i will setup the 3rd one tonight. so far they have been great with the roku remotes. programming was easy with only a minor hiccup with one button but it programmed the 2nd time around. i would recommend to all to do the programming on a flat table and you might have to experiment with moving the remote back and forth some if you are having trouble programming some buttons. you never know with the infrared signal on actually where it is sending it from the manufacturers remote. i have 2-3 sensors for one of my remotes.
got my sideclicks today. set 2 of the 3 up, and i think the 1st has non-functioning channel buttons, the second seems to only want to make most of the buttons work only when it wants to. more troubleshooting must be done... i must finish my final first though.
got my sideclicks yesterday and set them up in minutes. great job all around. i look forward to your next product as i am sure you will think of a bunch new ideas related to ir control. i'll back you again when that happens!
my 3 arrived today! got them all programmed and they work great- honestly, i wish my other universal remotes i've had in the past were this easy to setup and worked as well!!!!
got my apple tv sideclick today. what a great product. worth the wait if you ask me. the only problem i found is that the apple tv remote is a little loose inside the bracket. was very annoying to hear it rattle around. but stuck a piece of folded paper underneath remote and it fits snug now. great jobs you guys.
got my slide click and my extra slide click both today in the mail! now i just need to follow the instructions and program it...wootz!!!  :)
sideclicks arrived today. i'm glad to say that the ra adapter fits the remote for the older roku 2xs (the red one with the angry bird on top) quite nicely.
very happy to see sideclicks arriving and already put to good use!  thanks everyone!  @eric ortega, i have replied to your message and will get a new one out to you tomorrow.  if anyone needs assistance, the best way to reach us is at help@sideclickremotes.com.  we will do our best to get back to you same day.
got mine yesterday, works great. great product. thank you
@ truebloomllc are you even listening?! i contacted you from your website, comments and even sent you a message on here. my sideclick isn't working!i tried pairing it but have not seen the lights blink or even show any signs of the sideclick being powered on. i believe my sideclick is defective. i read on your last few post and notice you had a manufacturer issues. i want a replacement.
@ truebloomllc are you even listening?! i contacted you from your website, comments and even sent you a message on here. my sideclick isn't working!i tried pairing it but have not seen the lights blink or even show any signs of the sideclick being powered on. i believe my sideclick is defective. i read on your last few post and notice you had a manufacturer issues. i want a replacement.
@ truebloomllc are you even listening?! i contacted you from your website, comments and even sent you a message on here. my sideclick isn't working!i tried pairing it but have not seen the lights blink or even show any signs of the sideclick being powered on. i believe my sideclick is defective. i read on your last few post and notice you had a manufacturer issues. i want a replacement.
mine arrived yesterday! fantasic packaging, amazing device! i went from a fire tv remote, sound bar remote and large tv remote down to one! honestly i have more buttons than i knownwhat to do with! fantastic product that i plan on recommending to all my chord cutting friends!
got mine, love it! it was super easy to setup, my other remotes are already put away in long term storage (under the bed), lol. thanks brett and jenn! i will be spreading the word to others. only complaint is that it blocks the headphone jack on the left side of the roku remote :(  i guess i should have realized that.
oh my goodness!  so i got home tonight and my sideclick was waiting for me on the kitchen table. i immediately opened it and put it together with my amazon fire tv stick remote, it looks so awesome! then i got to programming it. i don't think i have ever had this easy of a time programming any kind of remote! i programmed my tvs power, volume up and down, channel up and down, input, and select buttons all within 30 seconds. it was so easy. then i tested it and everything worked perfectly! so of course i already love the product, but i started thinking to myself "what am i going to program to button b?". i use one other remote and that is a little dinky remote for my space heater that i use all the time, so i figured "eh, what the hell, let's try it." it works! so not only can i not have to worry about using my tv remote, now i don't even have to worry about using my heater's stupid little remote that gets lost all the time! i am overjoyed right now! i was definitely anticipating sideclick, but clearly not enough. thank you guys so much for making such an awesome product that is simple and easy to set up, you did a fantastic job!
@ truebloomllc my sideclick isnt working!i tried pairing it but have not seen the lights blink or even show any signs of the power being on.
i received my sideclick today. after a 5-10 minute snag, i programed enough buttons to control my most-used tv and receiver selections, so i was able to dump 2 remotes!   congratulations on a successful kickstarter (and kudos too for the professional packaging). best of luck to you in marketing the sideclick to an larger audience.
sideclick received, programed and in use - i couldn't be more pleased. great work folks! it was worth the wait.
any possibility you can create a blank clip or "side cap" that just turns the side-click into a mini stand-alone programmable remote? i've not seen a good selection of small simple remotes and this could be a very good option for seniors or young children where no roku/firetv is in use.
got mine, programmed already, works fine. i am glad i did support you guys. thanks
dhl will deliver to the usps.
got my tracking number! can't wait! never heard of dhl though.
mine are now winging their way down-under via dhl. thanks for persevering with your great idea guys!
got my tracking number! it's shipping dhl!��
i got my tracking e-mail tonight can't wait!!
"once our rewards are delivered, we want to offer our backers a free adapter clip in appreciation of your patience and as an apology for our lateness. this includes the adapter for the new apple tv gen 4 as well." any update on the atv4 clip. i now own a roku stick and atv which replaced my firetv. as glad as i am that side kick now exists my 2 sideclicks won't have much use right now because i ordered firetv.  i'll just order the roku one now if the free coupon won't be available soon.
backer 2386 just got my tracking # to california, usa
just got my shipment email with tracking number... too bad i no longer need this. i've since upgraded to the new appletv which already powers my tv on/off, has volume controls, and just plain won't fit the sideclick mold.
i hope to get my tracking number soon!
i also received my shipment tracking number today - wahoo!!!
i received my tracking number for my sideclick. can't wait to get it. thank you true bloom team.
awesome! so excited! thanks!
@ryan, yes!  you will receive email shipping confirmation with tracking within the next 3 days!!!!
everything still on schedule? thanks!
@christopher hanley, the amazon fire tv kit you will receive will come with 2 adapter clips (one for voice remotes and 1 for non-voice remotes).  so it is completely compatible with gen 1 and gen 2, fire tv and fire tv stick versions.  thanks, @jeff mclean for helping us man the commments!  you're the best
christopher sorry my bad on my prior comment you are right they are separate. i ordered separately the adapters for the fire tv stick and when i ordered that is says you get both the fire tv and stick clips. i think the campaign is already closed for any changes.
christopher, the sideclick remote should come with 2 clips for the fire tv. one for the stick and the other for the larger voice remote.
is it too late to request a change.  i'd like to switch out one of my two "firetv stick" remotes with a larger firetv remote.
new update posted!  sideclicks shipping in 10 days or less!  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1545059
@creator  customs update !
this is very exciting.  i'm sure you are extremely proud and you should be.  excellent work you are bringing a great product to families like mine and simplifying the complexity that my a/v obsessions create for my wife and kids.
also, news for those that new roku stick 3600, you can see the unboxing over at cord cutters news:  http://cordcuttersnews.com/roku-stick-3600-vs-roku-stick-3500/   they got a early review unit but at the 3 min mark of the video, it looks like the remote dimentions are the same as prior versions so that means the sideclick-roku kits will be compatible with the new roku stick.  we will verify once we receive our pre-order.
hi everyone!  sideclicks have reached the u.s :-)  we will post an official update in a few days once we have verification that they have gone through customs with no delays but happy news here this morning.  if no delays, they should arrive to our fulfillment partners at the end of next week and should start arriving to backers the week 27th!
any updates on shipping? are they at least on u.s. soil yet?
anybody want to buy my pair of sideclicks (with apple tv adapters) for cheap? i've since moved on from the apple tv to chromecast and, by the time i finally get them, they'll be useless to me.
yesterday i got e-mail from sideclick's that they were charging my card for the extra adapters i ordered. looks like soon we will get another update.
@stevepet the engadget review i read today (04/05/2016) mentioned the remote for the new roku stick is slightly smaller than previous versions. thus i suspect it will require a new adapter clip to fit on the main remote of the sideclick.
anybody know if this will work with the new roku stick remote just announced toady?
@sven metzler : i ended up receiving an email about 15minutes after writing my comments here. it's fine now thanks.
@ patrick bachelard: do you use the right email-adress you have baked with? the system send the mail within a few seconds to my account... i controlled all things (may a few days before i send them already) and they are fine... greets from germany
well i have no idea how to confirm my address, when i enter my email it says "we sent you an email to xxxxxxxx@hotmail.com with how to get set up". and i never receive an email, maybe hotmail blocks the domain? also did i fill the survey? well i'm not sure it's been so long.. i don't remember.
@qunitoya:  does the initial roku kit come with one clip or the 4 clips in the adapter set?  yes, all 4 clips are included.  same for the amazon fire kit (comes with 2 clips (stick version and voice remotes)  in regard to shipping and handling, it will definitely be less than $10 because that shipping was calculated on the weight of a kit, not just a clip. hope that makes sense. we will most likely be fulfilling those orders ourselves vs the fulfillment house so we need a little more time to figure that out.
@alex, the kit comes with the sideclick slim remote and all adapter clips you need for aftv (stick and voice remotes).  you probably will want another kit if it's for another tv you are using.  the free adapter clip for backers, we aren't sure yet what the shipping and handling will be for that.  it will definitely be less than $10 because that shipping was calculated on the weight of a kit, not just a clip.  hope that makes sense.  we will most likely be fulfilling those orders ourselves vs the fulfillment house so we need a little more time to figure that out.
if anyone is having problems accessing the survey link:  https://sideclick.backerkit.com/, please email me at info@sideclickremotes.com and we'll get it figured out.  be sure to give me your first and last name.
i can't access the survey either says email has been sent but never got it either time (tried twice)
i have a few questions. does the initial roku kit come with one clip or the 4 clips in the adapter set? if it only comes with one, is there a way to make sure it's compatible with the buyer's remote? same question for the amazon fire stick remote. in regard to the free adapter for backers, how much is shipping and handling? if it's 10 like the campaign, then it'd be more beneficial to buy for the 7 now.
question, i just go the email about lastest update and it said  we are going to offer backers a free adapter clip (shipping and handling only) as our thanks for being patient with our delays and for all your encouragement in this journey. so this is the adaptor that will click to my amazon fire tv remote? i was going to buy a whole another set for my 2nd fire tv but im assuming this will be discounted and i should wait?
i cannot check my survey. it says that my email wasn't found for an account. i used that email when i first filled it out though. i don't understand. i've tried using the thing to send my survey link to my email, and that says it was sent, but i get nothing.
@true bloom llc, it worked perfectly. thank you.
new update posted!  sideclicks are on the way to the us! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1528605
@liam, i just sent you a direct message with a link that should work.
i cannot check my survey. it says that my email wasn't found for an account. i used that email when i first filled it out though. i don't understand. i've tried using the thing to send my survey link to my email, and that says it was sent, but i get nothing.
so happy to hear the great news.  i have been using my roku and wishing i had the sideclick.  happy to get it soon.  thank you.
craig in the last update the creator stated he would be offering a free adapter clip due to the delay. if the timeline worked out based on the last update the sideclick's are on a boat.
you need to keep updating us.... you can never annoy us with too much information. december delivery looks like a june delivery to me since you don't respond to all messages people send. with this kind of delay are you now offering new apple tv adapters.
any update ? did everything ship out on the boat today as planned?
not sure why that posted twice
did production start as planned? still on track for the slow boat on the 15th?
did production start as planned? still on track for the slow boat on the 15th?
thanks, @rich.  yes, @selim, the roku kit will come with adapter for the 4 as well.
@selim from dec22...."the set includes four adapter clips compatible with the following roku models: 2013 roku 2 (2720)  2013 roku 3 (4200)  2014 roku stick (3500)  2015 roku 2 (4210)  2015 roku 3 (4320)  2015 roku 4 (4400r)  2015 roku se  2015 roku stick (3500) hope that helps.  @ true bloom   thanks for the offer of the atv4 clip. i also appreciate reading that i dont have to see this product on amazon or anywhere else til after we are delivered to. i can say it has happened to me already once. (sano design labs-apex laptop stand stay away)
@creator, did you guys by any chance test the roku 3 adapter with the roku 4 remote? they seem very close..
@robert clayton, no the new gen 4 apple tv kit isn't an option for this campaign.  full kits and adapter clips for the gen 4 will be available about a month after your rewards for this campaign are received.  but as you may have read in our update, backers will be able to get the new apple tv adapter clip for just a small s&h fee once it is ready. we can't get these freebies out with our other rewards as they will be fulfilled in different ways. our  priority is getting out these campaign rewards asap.
@taylor borel, there is no way these will be sold on amazon or anywhere else (other than our website pre-orders that were sold at higher prices than kickstarter)  backers will receive first before you will see us anywhere else on the web.
can you please assure us you will not sell these on amazon before we get ours as backers? that was coolest coolers mistake and it cost them with very bad launch pr. as long as backers still get fulfilled before they go on sale i will be happy!  production is hard.
can i change to then new apple tv ??????
new update posted:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1502082
how do i cancel my order
good update. these guys should go mentor the znaps people.
hello, any news or update coming?
what happened to that update that was promised?
the project is so late now i don't even have an amazon fire tv now i've moved on to a nvidia shield tv so the sideclick will be of no use to me unless they decide to do a shield tv clip?? in the future ,any plans folks ??
creator true bloom llc on february 4 @rich and @texas, we will provide a full update this weekend. two weekends have passed - update please.
@rich with the last update the @creator commented he would try and workout something for backers who want a clip for the new apple tv4 but it did say it would be after this campaign is completed.
@creator thanks for addressing us. just waiting for the cny doldrums to pass. since this project is so late are you going to offer us a unit as part of this campaign that will fit on the new apple tv ?
@rich and @texas, we will provide a full update this weekend, but the short of it is that we have placed the order for the new circuit boards with a new company we have full confidence in.  full production and assembly will be completed once our manufacturers return from chinese new year (feb 16th).  we will provide a complete breakdown manufacturing and shipping in the next email. thanks
at this point in the process, smaller, weekly updates would be appropriate i think.
@creator time for an update !
i love how people complain about dates shifting..kickstarter much or ever deal with a manufacturer ever. these things happen when you are doing things on a dime and have to outsource to others to do assembly line work or mass  produce anything. if it's your first go at this you don't have the experience or connections to know who will deliver your pieces/parts/product on time or even working. you have no idea how good the qc will be at all. give these guys a break, they are doing a good job and are trying to deliver a good product. at least they aren't running away with millions like zano did. these developers are actually trying to get you something for your money that works. it's hardly a bait and switch, you have no idea, bait and switch is the con game zano played while kickstarter made tons of money off the backers. this is just a normal delay.
hey guys, another backer from the original campaign here. just wanted to offer my encouragement. i'd much rather wait three months and get a quality product. still using my rubber band and still excited about getting the real thing.
please reply to my post or message.   ignoring messages is unprofessional. benjamin on january 13 hey guys, i was way excited about this project back in july 2015. the two remote thing sucked, and you all had a plan. it'd be a long wait from then to dec 2015, but doable. the timeline stretched to jan 2016 and now march 2016. that's just too long to wait to have an ongoing remote problem solved. please contact me to provide a refund so i can find an alternate solution. best of luck.
@ tim barlow - thanks tim ! i had plans to go to ces but they fell thru last minute.
never got mine please update.
hi guys, thanks for the update. my challenge of course is the two side clicks i ordered. atv and roku models are now both outdated. will there be an opportunity before shipping to double check. i can't imagine you are investing heavily in old model molds. thanks.a
huge disappointment, it's bad enough that apple has since updated the atv with a new unit but delays have gone from dec, to jan to now march with possible manufacturing plant changing.... sheesh... i find using two remotes mildly annoying but this experience has been much worse. when we backers see a shipment date and you don't stick to it, and use the premise of other start ups do the same thing makes me wonder if the company i wanted to back will survive past initial orders and backers.... seeing you actively advertise the product at ces whilst there is uncertainty with the manufacturer... smh... i want this product but estimated dates are not supposed to be abuse like this especially when u predict december, it's bait and switch as you know you'll bump orders due to xmas, it's borderline and i'm not impressed smh
disappointed to read of the latest delay, but these things happen with kickstarter and new products being developed. i've backed multiple projects, and their communication level has been better than some others. let's all try to hang in there, be patient, and trust that we will see our sideclicks soon...
hi all, just a quick note coming back (and recovered) from ces. had the opportunity to meet with jenn and brett in the sideclick booth and, as much as i'm keen as anyone to get the actual product home, i was impressed by the passion and effort they are putting in.  i backed the original campaign because complex remotes drive me crazy, and was really disappointed when it didn't meet the target so jumped in at super early-bird level when they started this new campaign - i only mention that to demonstrate i've waited as long as anyone to get hands on this... so i was really excited to get actual hands on at ces!  the product itself is as described - the buttons have a good feel and are easy to reach 'by feel' with your streamer remote in place. they were demonstrating the removable clip and, while i wasn't initially sold on the 'extra parts' approach, they convinced me it is a very sensible way of doing things. their packaging had just arrived in time for ces and looked good (not that i especially care about that sort of thing, but i was pleased to see a battery is included!). the finger-nail clip (accessible when you remove your streamer remote) to clip the adapter to the controller holds things in place well. it seems it could get broken if you're swapping the remote adapter out all the time but i doubt that's going to be an issue for anyone. the team members i spoke to were stoked to meet backers and extremely grateful to all of us. having backed a lot of startups, i know they rarely (never for me so far) are without some delay.  i know a few backers here have been a bit frustrated by the attendance at ces, while perhaps not living up to expectations on delivery timings but, having seen the large number of people (non-backers) interacting and appreciating the product at the show, i totally agree true bloom needed to be there: the fact is, we all want them to build this product on a solid foundation of customers (and not just the 2600 of us) so they can keep supplying us with adapter clips for the fire 3's, apple tv 5's and nexus player 2's... well into the future! keep the faith - they have a good plan for shipping, the product (and packaging) look good; delays happen but they assured me we don't have long to wait now. thanks jenn and brett - keep up the good work.
hello true bloom is there way to get sideclick for the new apple tv
if there are any changes in terms of model selections or shipping address changes, please make those changes in our backer survey:  https://sideclick.backerkit.com/   or send me a message and i will be happy to help!
please see our most recent update where we address manufacturing issues and fulfillment.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1465560
it's interesting seeing all the comments praising them for being so communicative but yet not disparaging them for not delivering on their product. it's all good if you tell me you're running behind. it's a whole other thing when you tell me you're running behind because you can't seem to find a proper manufacturer and yet continue to advertise your product at trade shows (ces). how about you fulfill your original orders and satisfy the customers who originally backed your product first?
@matthew the sideclick team gave us a new estimated ship date of january (along with an explanation) in update #7 on november 7th. then in update #8 (december 21) they gave us an estimate of the electronics being shipped to assembly by the end of december. i for one feel that brett & jenn have been exceptionally communicative in regards to the progress and delays that they have experienced in starting their new business, and in managing the expectations of those of us who backed their idea and desire to bring this product to market. remember, this is not a product that they are making just one time for the backers, but a new business that hopefully will enjoy long term success.
i will be moving before my order ships.  how can i update my address?
delays are acceptable if explained, but many backers were expecting their sideclicks in december. i know i was. if there is a new ship date estimate, then please let us know and tell us why.
i am glad they are at ces. that means they are interested is selling more of these units which means we all have a shot at getting ours. i dont think the new apple tv is part of this campaign as it came out after sideclick was funded and is different than the old atv remote. +1 interested in atv4 sideclick.
sideclick can i change my controller to the new apple tv
backers... keep calm and sideclick!
i too was shocked to see this update about the ces, when will you reward the people that made it possible for you to be where you are today.  it is a simple thing, ship the product.  the pictures show boxes of the product. ship ours please. stop spending our money on propping up yourself and honor your backers. i learned of you from aftv news and will share this development with him
i have backed several kickstarter campaigns and they all have delays from end of campaign to shipping to backers. we are supporting these projects because it is something we want that no big company will not spend the time or money to enhance their own device. we have gotten an update every month on where they are in the process. ces is a great idea now to market the product for future clips so in 2 years when we have a new streamer/remote we can get a new clip to go with it. kickstarter funding on this campaign will only go so far. i like everyone else wanted my sideclick yesterday since this 2 remote to watch tv is a real pain. patience and we all hopefully soon will be happy with the sideclick remotes.
i have to admit, i kind of felt the same as ken when i read the latest update.  are you even forecasting a ship date at this point?  this is my first time backing a kickstarter campaign, and not feeling super jazzed about the experience so far.
very uncool and terrible customer service to pull radio silence on backer updates and then show off new units at ces. i know you already have our money but it would be nice if you did the right thing and put your backers first.
can you guys take a moment from your busy day of peddling these things at ces to let your backers know the status of their order?
has there been a delay in shipping for backers?
eta please?
shawn the firetv clips are compatible for both generations based off update #7.
is the clip for the fire tv the same for last years version and this years?  since backing i have purchased this years fire tv so i have both now.  secondly, is it possible to add another remote before they ship?  thanks!
hi everyone!  and happy holidays.  thanks for your patience.  this month has been crazy with brett in china and jenn manning everything from here.  as @jeffmclean mentioned, please take a look at our most recent update:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1450329 and @armedcandy, roku 2 is compatible.  the set includes four adapter clips compatible with the following roku models: 2013 roku 2 (2720) 2013 roku 3 (4200) 2014 roku stick (3500) 2015 roku 2 (4210) 2015 roku 3 (4320) 2015 roku 4 (4400r) 2015 roku se 2015 roku stick (3500)
sorry the campaign says 2014-2015 model rokus. i purchased the older roku 2 in 2014.
there is a new update everyone.  armedcandy i have the older roku2 wifi direct remote and i can tell any real difference between it and my roku 3 remote. i think you need confirmation from brett but i think all roku models introduced from 2013 on will have a clip that will work with any roku model 2 or 3.
would love an update folks.
hey, any update on how the production is going?
will the roku clip still work for the older roku remotes? when i backed you guys i was excited to use this device with my roku 2! now it seems like you've changed the plans...
wife is getting new apple tv for xmas so i hope your old sidekick model shows up in time for me to include the matching apple tv for posting on ebay.
hurry up guys and gals. my to remote batteries are starting to get flakey and i really don't wanna change em before the side kick shows up!
can we get a december update? hope everything is working out. excited to see the final product.
despite being a nexus fan, i think that it's hilarious that only 68 people ordered the nexus clip.
the previous update stated the sideclicks would not ship in december as planned. brett is traveling to a china next week for a check on the final manufactured product.
time for an update on manufacturing and shipping. if people dont respond to multiple survey requests then they should go to the bottom of the list so as not to hold this project up. thanks !
hey guys how are shipping updates looking like? is december still looking good?
@unknowsoldier, we sent out our promo bands in october.  i'll email you to confirm shipping address and get you another one out asap if the first one didn't make it to you.
have you sent the promotional bands yet? if so .... where are mine? thanks.
@will gordon and @steven m, just login to https://sideclick.backerkit.com and you can update your shipping address in the survey.  if you have any problems, just message me and i'll make the change for you.  thanks!  jenn
is there anyway i can change my shipping address?
i would be  interested in a nvidea shield clip also .
i'm moving this week! any chance i can update my address??
thank you so much for  frequent updates and responding to comments. it makes a huge difference.  i'm happy to have backed this.
@paul c.: thank you sir!
@matthew colyn.  thanks for your question regarding the nvidia sheild.  i'm sorry i don't have an exact # to answer your request but i can tell you that our first campaign, we did not include the nexus and because we had several people ask, we felt like it was smart to include it in our second campaign.  our orders are as follows right now.  roku - 1,588  apple tv - 1,352, amazon fire tv - 1,272 and nexus - 68.  so having to invest in the same manufacturing costs in tooling/molds/time etc for something that turned out to be way less in demand has us trigger-shy right now on any other devices that might not sell well.  new apple tv is a definite and we've already started on the design.  if we offer a nvidia option, it won't be until january or february that we make that decision.  hope you understand.
so simple question. how many request would you need to make a clip for the nvidia shield tv?
here's some more info on the appletv 4's remote functionality, when it comes to controlling your tv. using the siri remote that's included, you can control the volume via learned infared, or by hdmi-cec (if your tv or receiver supports cec.) you can also control the tv's power (and supposedly, have automatic input switching as well) but that's via cec only. http://appleinsider.com/articles/15/10/30/how-to-control-your-tv-volume-with-the-new-apple-tv-siri-remote i'll be testing this out once i receive mine... anyway, given that the sideclick is more flexible, and allows you to use the siri remote's touch surface and  voice control, i still the sideclick as a very useful add-on.  my logitech harmony remote won't be able to match those siri remote-specific features.   so the appletv remote + sideclick will end up living alongside it after all.  can't wait to receive mine, with the appropriate adapter for the new appletv 4.
the new appletv supports hdmi-cec though -- which means if your tv or av receiver supports it too, it'll change that device to the appropriate input, when you use your appletv.
i got the new apple tv today. the remote is very nice but it will basically control your tv on/off and volume. it will not work to change inputs or your ota channels. the side click is a necessity if you use your tv for anything other than the new apple tv.
@rich see @creator's comments below made on 10th september as regards to the new apple tv
rich from what i have read that is true but i think the new apple remote is only good when you are using the apple tv. you can not change inputs or regular ota channels which most cord utters use. on the new remote i don't see a input button or anything like that. i think the volume and power are all through hdmi cec.
the new remote works via bluetooth so you don't have to aim it at the box. it also offers a volume control that can command tvs, an accelerometer and gyroscope and a battery that lasts three months on a single charge. (it's rechargeable via the same lightning connector you find on other apple gadgets.) david katzmaier cnet oct. 20, 2015
@edc415 i read a review online that said the new apple tv remote is able to be programmed for tv's which is a new feature. thus negating the need for a sideclick.
@matthew colyn that question was recently answered here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1895389752/sideclick-streamline-your-streaming-experience-0/posts/1346983… @true bloom llc faq section?
are you planning on making an adapter for nvidia shield tv?
@creator, thank you for the clear reasonable response. do you have a timeframe yet for the siri remote adapter clip?  i'd love to include it with my order and have it all shipped together, even if it meant delaying my super early bird place in the queue.  if you need a tester, i'd love to help out as well. also do you have an image of the silver sideclick with a black remote (appletv, amazonftv, roku)?  if it doesn't make that much of a difference aesthetically, color might be a non-issue. it's a shame apple changed the color of the remote - at least the other streaming box makers stayed consistent in that regard. loving the updates you are posting!
@stephen abbene, by the looks of the new roku 4 remote we think it will fit.  roku has been the most challenging media player to work with because there are so many different remote versions.  as soon as we get the new remote and verify the fit of our adapter clips, we will send out an update letting you know for sure but we think by the look of the pictures that it will fit with our current adapters.
any idea if the roku sideclick will work with the new roku 4?
btw, we really appreciate how backers are jumping in to answer questions we have already answered in our absence.  things are moving at warp speed over here and thanks to our backers who are pitching in to help clarify some of the common questions :-)  @jeff mcclean and @mib
@edc415, we will send out a message when we are a few days from locking down everyone's orders and shipping information.  until then, you can login and make changes.  regarding, aftv adapters, they will fit the new model.  we have received the new model aftv and verified the fit.  so good news there.  if you upgrade your aftv you will not need a new adapter clip.  regarding apple tv, these sideclicks will be in silver.  if you wanted one in black, you could order one of the other models and add on an apple tv adapter clip in silver.  unfortunately, because of the way they are packaged we cannot offer a silver clip with a black sideclick.  sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for understanding.
got the request to fill out the survey as an early backer of 4 sideclicks. thank you! if i am planning on upgrading to new apple tv, is it possible to get it in black?  i don't know how the silver would look against the new remote. i understand you will make a new attachment for the new apple remote. been hesitant to fill out the survey because gifting 3 remotes to friends that have both apple and amazon boxes and they are probably upgrading. is there a deadline to fill out the survey?  can answers be changed before shipping?  i know you are forecasting need through the survey, so i want to help and get what i need at the same time. also will we get an email update when you have confirmation that the amazon fire tv adapters work on the new model?  many thanks!
@schuyler they have stated they will make a new attachment for the new apple tv controller, which you can buy after this campaign has ended.it's not part of this project.
the creator did state in comments below he would work on one for the new atv when he gets the unit.
do you have plans to work with the new apple tv remote?
@michael kloc, the amazon fire tv kits come with both the adapters for the aftv and the aftv stick so you will be all set with your selections.  thanks!
hello,  i purchased a twin pack and originally requested one for a fire tv and one for a ftv stick.  now that amazon has announced a new firetv with pre-orders scheduled for oct. 9th i am planning on replacing my ftv stick with the new fire tv.  can i please change my order to get two fire tv models instead of one of each like originally ordered?
@ryan, thanks for checking in with us.  we will be posting an update within the next few days.  @anchal, we are still aiming for december delivery.  manufacturing is underway.  we have received some samples from our manufacturer which look great so we will share those pics with you as well.
just wondering when the next progress update will be posted.  is everything going according to your timeline on the campaign page?
@anchal. the estimated delivery date is december 2015.
hello. i was wondering when the sideclick's will be shipped after we complete the survey? i am desperately waiting to use them. :d
hi bradley,  we've been told by an inside source at amazon that sideclick will fit the new fire tv.  that being said, we still want to get our hands on one to make sure the fit is just right with our current clip and if it's not perfect, we will design a new adapter clip that would be available on our website.  as soon as we have a definite answer on compatibility, we will update you!
i don't know if you guys know about this. there will be a new fire tv coming out very soon and they changed the remote, the width is still the same so it looks like the clip will still fit on. but, i was wondering if this will be true? if a new clip needs to be made with that be made available to us through the kickstart or program or would we have to buy that off your website?
i'm planning on giving my appletv 3 to my parents, and they will surely appreciate the size of the remote! my husband and i have no children and it's constantly lost!! thanks guys!
@creator: i agree with jeff and hopefully i'll get the new appletv and the sideclick adapter for it as well!!!
not to mention, once the campaign funding period has ended, it is completely up to the creator's generosity and discretion regarding whether a backer will be refunded  just because a backer changes his mind about the project due to reasons unrelated to actual project development and progress.  creators are really only obliged to provide refunds if they are unable to produce their advertised product. and there are time limits attached to that obligation (or at least there used to be).
creator you are right i was not thinking this out. with only cec control it will not change to other inputs or change a ota channel. the new apple remote  only be really good when you are using the new apple tv itself but not much else. i will be ordering a clip for the new one also when you get it completed.
thanks for the support @jeff mclean   we are really excited about the new apple tv announcement.  the beauty of sideclick is that it does not become obsolete as new streaming units evolve.  our plan is to get our hands on one as soon as they are available and begin work on an adapter clip that will fit sideclick to the new apple tv remote.  we understand @brad klopman’s comment as the new apple tv remote does have cec technology and can turn on your tv and control your volume while in app, but sideclick is still a tool that many new apple tv users will find streamlines their streaming experience.    we’re cordcutters like many of you and we use our streaming media devices and an hd antenna for our local network channels.  we constantly switch back and forth from our streaming device input to our antenna input to watch network tv and news programs. sideclick will allow for the control of the tv channels as well as the power of multiple devices and from what i know about cec control, you will not be able to use the new apple tv remote volume control when you are on a tv input other than your apple tv.   additionally, we heard a lot of backers, mostly with kids, who shared stories about losing the extremely slim apple tv remote. the new apple tv remote while bigger than its predecessor, is still slim.  although we know it's not true for everyone, we feel the larger size of the apple tv remote/ sideclick combo will minimize misplacement of your apple tv remote.   ultimately, we are very excited about the apple tv announcement and we can't wait to get our hands on one. we'll post some updates as soon as we have any further news.
i ordered 3 for my roku's and the 1 adapter for my apple tv 3.  the apple tv 3 will still be sold and will probably get the new tv streaming service they are planning on so it will be good to still have a sideclick for the older apple tv 3. the creator has worked very hard on these sideclick  and adapters and i will support in the future is i get some other type of streaming device. apple shocked us all with a new remote that will control our tv's.
i kind of want to cancel my entire pledge now with this new apple tv announcement. anyone else?
i've been trying to decide whether to choose the sideclick for my current apple tv, or the new apple tv, but it looks like the new apple tv remote may make the sideclick a little less necessary, so i may be ordering it in silver for the existing apple tv. not certain yet, but that's my initial perception...
@larry d  select the amazon fire tv option.  this will come with clips for both the aftv and the aftv stick.  thanks
i need one for the fire tv stick, but there is no option for that to chose from.
survey is live through backerkit.  you should have received an email today and will publish update soon.  here's the link:  http://sideclick.backerkit.com  thanks, backers!
survey?  you got mu money!
survey says? i don't know because i haven't received one yet.
so it's been well past the survey estimate. i haven't recieved a survey yet. should i be worried? has anyone recieved a survey yet?
hi @tina_g and @shingding  we've been waiting for the new apple tv info for months now. we hope that they really do unveil on september 9th. what that will mean for us is that we will create a new adapter clip to match the new model apple tv remote. this will not be included as an option with this campaign however as our timing and funds don't allow for that unfortunately. but because the adapter clips are interchangeable, when the new apple tv adapter clip is ready, you will be able to purchase one through our website if you are going to upgrade your device. we estimate the new adapter clip for apple tv would be about $10 once all is said and done. thanks again!
@creators: it looks like apple is unveiling a new version of apple tv, apple tv 4, at next week's unveiling. the remote is gonna have different dimensions. my hubby and i will buy it, but now it means that this model won't work with the sideclick we got for tv 3 :(. r u guys planning on releasing a version to cover the new remote?? of course, nothing is definitive until the 9th! thank you!!
@shingding24 it depends where they are the production process. they did answer that they will have a new click adapter if a new remote is released and you will be able to buy it in the future.
will you have a version for the new apple tv remote? they are supposedly announcing a new appletv on september 9, 2015.
hi everyone @eric ortega, @markus loffler, @brandon lapointe, and @chris h   we are working getting the survey out this week.  we've been working with manufacturers as priority #1 so we can make sure our schedule remains on track.  our promo band rewards are also on order so until we get those in (probably about 2 weeks), we aren't sending anything out quite yet anyway.  thanks for your patience!
@markus löffler @brandon lapointe @chris h this goes to show how "responsible" brett epstein is.
still no survey -.- how long does it take till that?
i have not received the survey either.
has the survey been sent out? i haven't seen anything yet. thanks!
@jonathan, thank you!  we are working on our survey now and everyone should receive it within the next week.  that's where you'll make your model selections and confirm shipping details.
thank you, @andrea glass  we appreciate your support and thanks for being our cheerleader on social media.
@jason parker, yea, elias at @aftvnews is da bomb.  we'll be sending him lots.  he runs a great website and was our #1 external referral of backers.  we actually sent him a working prototype just last week for his hands-on review so i'm sure he'll be posting about that soon.  and if you haven't checked out his site, def go to http://www.aftvnews.com/
@ak4play, that makes us smile.  thanks for your support.  we hope your dad loves it and we can't wait to deliver in time for the holidays!
great job with the campaign! i haven't received my survey for model needed, appletv of course. very excited for this new gadget.
congrats on getting to goal this time around! can't wait to get mine.
how many promo slideclicks will you be sending to @aftvnews?  i can't even fathom the number of people he's sent your way.
phew snagged two last night for my apple tv and one for dad... he was like why can't it be a universal remote... can't wait to shock and awe him with this for xmas...
if anyone wants an early bird pledge, i'm cancelling mine now, so keep a look out. sorry to the creators, i like the product, but don't really have much of a need for it right now, and could use the money elsewhere. good luck with everything!
@ryan stenson, as soon as we get our hands on one of the new apple remotes we'll get started on a clip design. with the release date still unknown, we have not yet decided on how to offer them to our backers. a swap might be an option based on where we are in manufacturing and the lead time of the new clip but if we can't get them in as a swap we'll make sure that our original backers are the first to be notified of their pre-sale.
would love if you will be able to swap out orders to support whatever the new apple tv remote is thats coming in september (versus needing to get a different adapter in the future).
@robert duke, no worries you didn't miss a step.  you'll hear from us about 7-10 days after the campaign ends with a survey and that's where you'll select the model that you want and confirm shipping address etc.  thanks for the support!
so where was i supposed to put the version i want?
@frankippolito on twitter sent me, and this thing is awesome
@jeff mclean, thanks for updating.  we're back in business now.  we were locked out of our account by kickstarter and it took them a incredibly irritating amount of time to let us back in.  (we were sending individualized emails to the backers from our first campaign that hadn’t yet backed our current one and got flagged for spamming. but is good now.
to all backers just seen this in twitter  @sideclickremote: @kickstarter day 4, @sideclickremote is locked out of our account and unable to communicate with backers. 6 days left in our campaign. help!
@matthew cooper, good question.  because there is no curvature at the top and bottom of the fire tv remote, we have a small raised feature in the clip that we use to fit into the battery lift pocket at the top of the fire tv remote to help lock the remote into place.  so since the clip is at the top, we wanted to balance it with another clip at the bottom to make sure it clipped in place snug and securely.  without this raised feature,the fire tv could slip right out.   however, we have come to realize that the rubberized grip coating on the fire tv, may be enough to hold the remote in place, so we will be doing some additional testing before production and may end up utilizing a single cradle/clip vs. the two.  thanks for your question
@jeff mclean, thanks for the backup!  @brian tartell, yes once the new apple tv is released, it will be a very high priority for us and we will offer the clip adaptors for the new version directly through our website as soon as possible. we'll also make sure to gather information from users who are interested so we can notify them once the product is available.  thanks for your question.
why is the fire tv clip the only clip with two clip points when all the other clip designs have a single clip on point?
brian i listened to a podcast recently that the creator was a guest. he did mention the possible future apple tv side click but in my opinion a clip want be possible until he actually has the new remote. a new apple tv will be popular so i would think the creator will support it in the future. nice thing about these sideclicks redesign is the clips are interchangeable.
with a new apple tv with a possibly redesigned remote coming with it, will there be any future support for that?
@jon labbe, thanks for your comments. we have been testing our prototype pcb board and we are thrilled with the results. no programming issues and very quick response as if you were using the remote that came with the tv. we'll share more with our backers on our testing in the upcoming weeks. p.s. we're honored to be your first backed kickstarter project. thanks for your support and we look forward to fulfilling your order.
@phillip phan, thanks for the inquiry but currently we don't have enough international backers to justify shipping from the eu. we have reduced international shipping since our first attempt to launch sideclick earlier this year and based on the cost of shipping the product from the us, i don't see us being able to reduce the cost any more in the near term.
@ben longman, the nvidia shield is on our radar but we are not including it in our current campaign. at $199 starting price, not including the remote which is an additional $50, we don't see it being a very popular device for the cost conscious streamer. we feel this will be more popular for the gaming crowd who would probably be ok using the included gaming controller to navigate menus as opposed to the remote. also since it is a very new product, there isn't much of a need yet. once we have our manufacture lined up and the more popular remotes in production, we will re-visit the shield and see if it would make a good addition to the sideclick product line.
have a logitech harmony one. but after getting my first roku 3, the logitech ir is way too slow. too much delay to use with the roku. the included wifi remote has instant reaction button presses. so i went from the dream of using 1 remote with the harmony back to a cumbersome 2 remotes (i know, 1st world problems). the sideclick should solve most of that! can't wait!  i will still need my harmony for certain things but for the majority, the roku with sideclick should solve my issue. and this is my first kickstarter project i've ever backed.
thanks for building something that i've been dreaming about for years! any thoughts on adding a clip for the shield remote?  i'll buy a remote and have it shipped to you if you can make a clip for it. http://shield.nvidia.com/store/remote
hi. great project. can you do shipping from the eu? usd15 shipping is very expensive for essentially some light weight goods.
amazing, love the that the goal was reached and it is going to happen this time.
thanks, @carlos and @andre, no worries, once the campaign ends, we will contact everyone via a kickstarter survey and that's where you'll choose your sideclick and the adapter clip that you want.  if you want additional adapter clips, you'll be able to purchase those at that time.
i'm so excited!  but i'm afraid i did something wrong when i pledged... when do i select the model clips that i need?
awesome job guys!!!!! i can't wait to get my sideclick
@joseph tanner, we appreciate your feedback and we thank you for sticking with us and backing us despite your fondness of the old design over the new one. after kickstarter we anticipate the msrp of sideclick to be around $30. clips will be at most $10 but we would like to get them as low as $5. at those costs it makes more sense to upgrade your clip instead of purchasing a new remote. we have also been throwing around some ideas for additional remote attachments including a clip with a pad for double-sided tape and an attachment that is zip-tie friendly. these are still concepts but we would like to see them come to fruition and see what applications our sideclick community can come up with.
carlos, john, kevin, thanks for sharing in our excitement. we have a lot of work ahead of us but it is an awesome feeling knowing that we are funded and sideclick is happening. thank you for all your support.
why didn't i find out early enough to get the super early bird? darn spam filters. at least i got the early bird option. i much preferred the old design. besides, at $10 per adapter, that's half the cost of a whole new remote. i'd rather pay $20 for a new remote and give the old sideclick to the new owner of whatever streaming box i'm getting rid of. but i can see how this will keep costs down (the remote itself is the same, it'll cost less to make 5k of the same remote than it would to make 1k of five different remotes. looks like i'll be selling my fire tv to get a fire tv stick. the sideclick for the fire tv stick looks like it was made for it, while the sideclick for the fire tv looks like a kludge. curious, what's the possibility of a universal clip? for someone who plans on trying out a lot of different boxes before settling on one (or who likes to upgrade twice a year/month), might be nice. and no, i don't mean a rubber band :)
woot woot! sideclick will be a reality!!! congrats to all of us! thanks @creator for your perseverance and commitment.
very glad to see this funded successfully, looking forward to the sideclick
funded! :)
@ryan young thanks for the feedback, we will take your request into consideration.
@ paul c we couldn't have said it better. we don't want to discount how cool the headphone feature is and i'm sure there are some streamers who use it frequently. however, we didn't want to jeopardize the success of the campaign by increasing the funding goal for what we think is a fairly small subset of our backers. with that said, we do have a concept for a clip with a headphone jack that we would love to offer but we are going to have to keep it in our back pocket for a little while. thanks for your comment.
i have the amazon fire tv and i really liked how the original offering had a matching shape to that remote. can't you make it still match the remote's rhombus like shape in the part that connects the two remotes?
do people actually use the headphone jack on the roku remote? the venn diagram of people who will buy the sideclick and use the headphone jack on the remote seems like it would quite a small population and maybe not worth the trouble of all the extra manufacturing costs. *this opinion is based solely on my family's use of the roku remote.
@xmcnuggetx and @sean hunter, thank you for your support and your comments. we loved the streamline look of the previous campaign but with all the different remotes out there it just wasn't a good business model. we did our best to achieve a streamlined look using the clip as a transition and we are very happy with the results. we have a little flexibility with button locations and groupings but they are really set by the pcb board and overall size of the remote. we need room at the base and the top of the remote for electrical components and then used the remaining space to distribute the buttons evenly. that gives users the most room between buttons without the risk of large-fingered people hitting multiple buttons by mistake. font and symbol size are still being tweaked and we will consider the different color bonus buttons. lastly, regarding the clip strength. we spent a lot of time perfecting the fit to get a strong grip and refined "click" during the remote installation and will make sure this translates into the production design. we know this is necessary to ensure that the remote only comes out when you want it too and not when you toss it on the couch.
@jim kirk you are not the first to ask and we love this idea. once we have our final production models we will release an stl of the remote interface geometry so users can create their own clips. we'll make a section on our website for users to share their ideas and stl files and see who can come up with the most creative idea. we already heard bottle opener attachment. thanks for the suggestion.
@missyourmark, we like the way you think and we can look at the feasibility of this option. we have a concept for a clip with a headphone port but it comes with some trade offs. first it makes the adapter clip a bit wider which we didn't think everyone would be happy with. secondly it requires a completely unique mold which would increase our funding goal. we would love to introduce this as a stretch goal but at this point we thought it was top priority to set our goal as low as necessary so we could get this product into production. we hope everyone understands and please keep checking back for stretch goal updates once we are funded.
glad i checked and made it back for the second go round.  looking forward to seeing it progress.  i think i prefer the original one piece design, but i will be getting it for apple tv and it still looks pretty stream lined.
couple of things coming from someone who pledged for the original version as well. 1 - i like the idea of clips to be able to attach to different remotes, but it appears this new look and clips adds a bit of bulk to the sideclick.  the new one appears to put the buttons farther out of reach and makes the combined remote wider. 2 - i liked the "grouping" of buttons in the original.  putting like buttons closer together with wider gap between the groups.  however i do agree with swapping the volume and channel groups. 3 - i think i liked the bolder font on the buttons from the original. 4 - i like the extra buttons as the bottom, but don't like the a b text on them.  many remotes have extra buttons that are just colors (red, green, yellow, blue) 5 - how well does the clip hold the remotes together?  with the roku at least it looks like you could have the clip actually be a replacement battery cover.  then it would slide and snap in tight.
just a thought about clips...since there are so many possible remotes folks might want to clip to. would you consider open sourcing the dimensions?  there's an army of people who could design, 3d print and upload clip designs on sites like thingiverse, so clips for some of the more esoteric players could be had.  (i have an asus o!play, for example.)
@creator, i'm not sure how close you are to being able to figure out a way to integrate the headphone jack for the roku into the sideclick. but if you need a fix to buy you some time, so that roku users could use the current version of sideclick, and still have headphone access (while you are working on the upgrade) i have an idea. can you use the roku clip to snap on to the roku remote on the other side of the roku remote (where each remote would be right side up, but pointing in a different direction? if the clip was able to snap on that way, the side with the headphone jack would be available, and all the user would have to do to switch remotes, is to do a quick spin in their hand to switch directions. to me that seems like a minor inconvenience for the trade-off of having the headphone jack available. again, if you are close to solving the problem already, this is all moot and i'm sorry for wasting your time. just wanted to share my idea.
@travis illing, was just going to mention that.  you can use any of the buttons so perhaps, a or b would work well for you and power on and off your receiver.  that's what we do!
of course, i probably won't use the channel buttons that much, either, so maybe i can re-purpose those for the receiver volume.
i think a good stretch goal might be *one more button*. in the two places i use the roku, about 70% of the time i just listen through the tv... but sometimes i listen through the receiver. the receiver isn't always on, so i'd need to be able to turn it on (one button) plus control the receiver volume (two more buttons). (i still went in for the early bird two-pack, so it's obviously not a deal-breaker, but that extra button would basically take care of me for the 100% case.)
i'm in! love the multiple fit option. got the 2 pack so i can have one for my roku and 1 for my apple tv. i figure i can buy different clips in the future as necessary. great idea! so excited for this!
so excited to see this is back up and crushing it on the goal.  lets go sideclicking!!!!
you cann do it!!! so stoked you guys are gonna make it this time!!!!
@missyourmark, thanks and happy to see you back.  we are definitely thinking about stretch goals.  top priority stretch goal will be the headphone jack accessibility for the roku.
we aren't even 24 hours into the project yet, and you are well over half way to your goal. that means you already should start thinking about stretch goals, because there is no doubt this is going to get funded. for someone who was so disappointed last time, i couldn't be more excited and happy for you (and all of us).
@edc415 if they release the stl file i'm sure someone will devise a way to connect multiple streaming remotes to the sideclick. wouldn't be that hard, i imagine, just a matter of making a clip that wraps around the bottom of the sideclick to put a remote holder on both sides. that clip would, itself, have to be a remote holder for the left side, but could expose another mount point for an "original" sideclick clip on the right, so only the left-side clip would have to be custom-made.
just an fyi, the link in the email i got yesterday was pointed at your first ks, not this relaunched one.
so glad you guys are back!  in for 2 again.  i also hope you have stretch goals ready because i think you are going to smash this goal!
:( i have been so consumed at work as of late that i missed everyone of your relaunch updates and subsequently i missed out on the $18 super early bird.
so excited about this project. right now i deal with 5 remotes. samsung tv, vizio soundbar, amazon fire tv, amazon fire tv stick, and apple tv. will the sideclick be able to power on separate devices (i.e.  tv and the soundbar)? change inputs on the tv? i am left-handed, so having flexibility of left or right handed placement would be nice. maybe the clip can end up being universal to fit any of the remotes you are going to support by being a transformer. along the same lines, for those of us with multiple streaming devices, maybe a sideclick could have clips on both sides to attach one remote on the left and the other on the right? that would end the looking for the other remote dilema especially since all the remotes are so small. my main use will be using it with my amazon fire tv using kodi (xbmc). i found you from the amazon fire tv news website. i ordered several sideclicks for home and for gifts for my nerdy friends. so glad you relaunched! what an elegant solution to consolidating all the remotes. thank you!
awesome! looks like this campaign will get done and dusted in no time at all... thank you for persevering.
@creator beer can adaptor ftw!
@craiger and @keith, regarding the file for the mount for 3d printing, we are really digging that idea!  we'd love to see what you create and share those creations with our community of sideclickers.  we have to wait to release that because some tweaks may occur once mass production is finalized.  but yea, sounds good to us.
good luck guys! so glad to see you back and can't wait to get my sideclicks! :)
welcome back to ks @creator ! definitely getting funded this time & i'm looking forward to chucking the stack of remotes. congrats!
@creator i have to second @craigercraiger's request. doable?
i really thought this would whiz by 80k in the first hour. oh well, 22k in an hour is still quite impressive. the other 58k will come in the following month and we'll all be enjoying our sideclicks soon enough. well, not soon enough; that would mean we've had them for a while already. just don't call this one off and we'll all be happy! ;)
any chance on getting a stl file for the mount so we can create our own custom clip for those that have 3d printers?
lol, @vadim pogulyaev   so glad we can help you out and even send you a better looking rubber band to hold you over!
pledged without hesitation, see pic below. http://imgur.com/ogxj04j (yeah, that's roku strap)
@timothy luong, will pm you.  check messages :-)
in less than 30 min we are almost at 25%
super excited to pledge again!
so excited to have you all back!  thanks so much for coming back!  @jeff mclean, yes you will be able to purchase additional adapter clips once the campaign is over to be included in your order.  the ala carte clips will be $10 or less.
could*
wondering if you cited put a  10 pack reward up if possible
hope the unit fits as snug as it appears. just cut my cable and the two remote thing is super annoying.  glad to see the project back.
will we be able to purchase additional adapter clips thru kickstarter?
anyone else here to watch the project blow past its goal in the first hour?
$10k in 10 minutes -- awesome!
i backed only 1 first time now backing 3. much better prices, thank you.
14 backers when i got here. 30sec later, when i backed, up to 32 and still climbing fast. good to see, looks like everyone frfrom the original campaign is still here!
i already told all my coworkers about it
woot! best of luck! so glad to see the nexus player available in this one! snagged a super early bird! :)
in the top 10, can't wait for this good luck!!
