andre - no!  i have it on some of my panels but not others
andre - no!  i have it on some of my panels but not others
has anyone else had problem with dry erase markers leaving permanent marks?
i'm wondering if i'm the only one that misses a magnetic back. i'd love to see an optional magnetic back to the acrylic.
i got mine about a week ago and my two-year old daughter immediately got to scribbling on it and then rubbing it out with the tiny eraser. thank you so much, it's wonderful!
got mine in australia this week up on the wall looks good. i'm just working on some templates. to go behind the covers.  there is a bit much spring when i remove the boards so i'll use some silicone to prevent the vibrations.
oh wow. much better than i expected. truly pleased!
arrived today australia.the images on kickstater did not do the product justice once you see it in your hands you can see how well made it is and a great idea for school,office,and home. many thanks lyndon
yes!!! long long wait...but its made well...thanks guys!! cant wait to see my nephew's class use it :)   great product....
got mine hand delivered in denver, co.  i love it!!
got my email requesting shipping info yesterday - looking forward to getting my squares!
thanks for the update comment. please add it to the updates section so everyone will get the info. i'm glad you arranged a work around. hope we can promote it for you once we can give personal recommendations
thanks for the update.  looking forward to getting the product and sharing ideas with my team.
hi everyone - we haven't gone dark. i made the decision not to give a public update until we had actual news to share. we've been individually responding to your  questions, i realize now, given the "this is starting to become fishy" comment, that it is time say something publicly now (although i would have liked to delay a comment until tuesday). first, the bad news: the replacement brackets have yet to be shipped to us. we expect them to be here in late may now. a little, better news: our first shipment of 4,000 mc squares (the ones with the bad brackets) will arrive in our warehouse on tuesday (thats march 24th) - i was waiting to update things here until i saw the products arrive with my own two eyes...maybe i was being a little to cautious. and better news: we have found someone locally that will be able to fix the "bad" brackets to a quality that we are happy with (thank you colorado heirloom) we gave them a couple of sample malfunctioning brackets and they believe they will be able to cnc the .25 millimeter off that was causing our issues. that means you should receive fully working and warrantied mc squares before the end of april. once we have unloaded the mc squares from the truck on tuesday, our process will be: unpack every individual mc square load each bracket into a cnc machine run the cnc script to round out the knobs clean the bracket repackage the mc square ship them as we go if all goes well, shipments should start to trickle out starting the week of april 6th. i know this may not mean much right now, but this fix is going to cost us quite a bit of cash - it's basically the remainder of our marketing budget. i'm hoping that you all love mc squares so much that you will help us spread they word once you start using them. truthfully, we are very very anxious to get these into your hands so we can hear your feedback. max shawna and i are dedicated to this product, and we want you to be thrilled with it. i sincerely apologize for your frustration. and, you don't need to look up my contact info - you can always email me directly at anthonyf@mcsquares.com - anthony
i'd love an update even if it is just 2 lines
hmm - the update on 4 feb was: "we have been given a minimum time frame of two months before we will receive replacement parts."  that would read to me as early april for the receipt of parts then assembly and shipping.  be nice if anthony could confirm that.
this is past the point of trusting anthony.  if anyone here has has contact with him since january's update, please say so here.  if nothing comes up by monday am, i'll try to find contact info for him and post it here.
honestly we need an update. i looked you up and your indiegogo supporters seem to be having the same issue of not getting update. this is starting to become fishy to me.
what is the update? it is now well past chinese new year.  project is now 4 months late on something that was to be delivered in a month after funding.
also hoping for an update. my confidence isn't being inspired by the 5 weeks since the last one.
okie dokie- chinese new year is done and most of the factories are up and running. do we have an idea of new shipping dates yet? keep us posted :)
update please!
i understand there are issues, but the worst thing is the lack of costumer service. we need an update. i have a meeting room waiting to use this amazing system. hope we get the update soon.
i am quite surprised you made this decision, considering it only affects people that are building full walls of squares. honestly this does not effect many of the backers who only bought 1 or 2. is there any way you could ship what you have now?
hey, there, i missed last shipping time and i emailed to you guys with my shipping address. no feedback for one month! hope i can get the product soon.
we need an update on this please?
hey there, can we have an update on shipping please?
it is now late january...
any idea when the new shipping date may be?
just wanted to say how psyched i am for these! they will revolutionize my classroom!!!! can't wait!!!
thanks for update! but how long is the delay?
it's the end of november.... still have not received your product yet...update please
hi - are there any updates on shipping etc.?
hi john, i apologize for not getting in touch with you sooner. it is too late to increase your pledge amount. however, we are working on setting up our online ordering system so ordering mc squares will be easy! if you would like to leave an email, we will let you know as soon as it is up and running! best, max
anthony, i backed this at the early innovator level and intended to come back and do a small meeting room system but didn't get around to it.  any chance i can still do that?
will we get the option to purchase more individual ones to add to our orders? i just got the single but really thinking i would like one more. :)
hello, if i pledged 68$ will i be able to get 2 squares?
hi edward t., the pen caps and erasers are specially designed to "clip" into the accessory attachment system on the back side of the mc square. our pens and erasers are the only ones as of now that will be compatible with our backing system and they aren't refillable however you can easily order more markers through us or our distributors! our accessory attachment system is designed to be compatible with all standard toy brick systems (ie. megablocks, legos etc.). thank you for your interest in mc squares! max
hi anthony, questions about the pen/erasers or things we can stick to the back? how do they stick? do we require to buy mc pens or any generic markers would work? are they refillable as well?
that sounds great! thanks!
@anthony franco/@max, for now, i've pledged at the early innovator level and multiplied the pledge by 6?  will that work?  thanks again!
hi max, thanks for the quick response!  i'd be happy to take 6 of your "early innovator" spots.. ;)
hello theendless, thank you for taking the time to write to us. let me do my best to answer some of these questions for you. 1.) there is a gap between the squares. it is less than 1mm. there needs to be a little wiggle room for the squares to "interact" with each other or getting a completely bound square out of a system would be impossible. 2.) you can always order six individual squares. i will work on the possibility of creating a new incentive level and will get back to you. 3.) thats not silly at all! yes, mc squares are compatible with legos and other standard toy brick systems. 4.) yes, you are correct. the samples shown in our videos are mostly 3d printed prototypes. the final product is perfectly represented through our prototypes except even more polished. as of now, we are on schedule for our estimated november delivery. thank you for your questions. please let me know if i can be of further help! best, max
i love this idea, but have a few questions before i pick a proper pledge level: 1. how tightly and flush do two or more squares sit together?  is there a gap between them or a bevel that would cause an issue when trying to use them as a traditional white board? 2. my space would work best with 6 squares, but that's not one of the pledge options.  is there a way i can do that? 3. a bit of a silly question, maybe, but i think you hint at it in one of your marketing images.  is the back compatible with lego bricks? 4. you mention in your challenges, that the injection molds were more expensive than you anticipated.  that would suggest that the samples shown in your video are prototypes, and were therefore made using a different process.  will the final product be any different, and is that likely to have an impact on the estimated november delivery date? thanks in advance!
