@drau oda thank you so much for your feedback. we learned a ton from the first production batch and took big steps to address these issues. for the second production batch we spent 3 weeks at the factory and inspected every single piece that came down the assembly line. recently we moved our entire production to a new (and better) factory. i just came back from a factory visit where we hammered out an extensive quality inspection and acceptance criteria. we will continue working hard to make omiebox the best lunchbox ever - and we are so grateful to our kickstarter backers for their support and feedback.
i haven't had any time to keep up with things, as having a preschooler and a little one at home make things messy and hectic. in any case, i was reminded of the lunchbox when you emailed about spreading the word tonight. unfortunately, the lunchbox was completely useless for us as it was too heavy, too difficult to (un)screw the thermos lid, never closed with a seal.. after taking out all the parts to wash, the gaskets never set back in correctly... just an impossible product to deal with. even with it being completely unused, i wasn't able to give it away/hand it down as no one was happy with the way the box handled or (would not) seal. i do hope the best for you guys with fixing these problems as the idea was really cool, and i'm sad to have say that it definitely ended up being quite a monetary and environmental waste as it sits collecting dust. i hope you do consider modifications to make a great idea into a great product.
thank you to the team at omielife!  this is my kiddo's favorite lunch box! our first grader has multiple choices for lunch boxes in the house and she's chosen her omiebox consistently this entire school year.  the thermos container holds the perfect amount of food for lunch, and we basically put food in the other compartments that are okay at room temperature. it took us a while to get used to washing it (and taking the gaskets on and off), but we've been using it for most of the school year and are very happy with it!  i wish we could get one in black (for our older son) so he could use it for snacks when he's at sports practices.
my omie box does not close properly all the way down causing it to leak, something to do with the latch i think. also my kids cant open and close the lid themselves and they cant close the thermos lid correctly.
@emilylevin we will reach out to you via email shortly to discuss possible solutions :)
i'm afraid i'm in the very disappointed camp. my 6-year-old daughter cannot use this product at all. even i find it extremely difficult to open and close both the box and the thermos. it is, as someone else mentioned, quite heavy even when empty. this was an extremely expensive piece of unusable plastic that's currently stored in a cupboard and not used at all.
@bobbyplayer thanks so much for contacting us!  we sent the reward to the address you provided, but it was un-deliverable.  we tried to reach you a few times to obtain the correct address but did not hear back!  we will send you an email now to see how we can get this reward to you.  thanks!!
never received so this is a fail
creator it's been a while since feedback was reported about omiebox, i hoping to get it resolved since this product does not do any single thing promised here. my daughter could not use it for so many reason, i tried different ways but it seems product was unfinished and not tested out completely. i want my money back!
@plantbased we're sorry to hear about your negative experience!  we'll reach out to you via pm to see if there's anything we can do to help out.
wanted to give the product time and base my opinion over long term use... the omiebox in an inferior product. the cons: it's heavy, the thermos lid is a pain to close (the threads are impossible to align), the thermos does not maintain temp, the dividers slide all around, the creators were terrible at communication, one excuse after another. i wouldn't have cared how long the mfg took if the process were transparent. the pros: the product was received.
the seals on the lids seem to prevent the lid from closing on the box. i can remove the seals and make the lids close, but then everything leaks. does anyone have this issue?
my omiebox doesn't even stay hot!! both my girls said their soup is cold  how abt  anyone else out there??
hello i still haven't received my omni boxes and i went through the verification process. any way to find out where mine are in the process. thank you. m christian
i got my replacement box today. all the pegs are there, and the thermos is much easier to get on and off now. the box itself doesn't leak even though i see a gap, which makes it a non-issue for me. anyway, if i could revise or delete my previous comment i would. i think there are still some improvements to be made, but overall much better than my initial impression! thank you =)
i haven't stopped by to look at comments in awhile but i guess, like derek, i too am a lucky one. i see the gap that many are complaining about and contacted the omie team directly.  it doesn't necessarily make it look good from the outside, but it isn't compromising the food on the inside at all so i'm ok with it. as well, i was disappointed with there being no silverware holder, but as i thought about it and see how we are using the box, i don't think it would have worked very well.  my answer has been in finding this lunch cutlery set by sistema to go. it is a full set of knife, spoon, fork and chopsticks that use an interchangeable base...love it. and the case fits perfectly in the long section on the left depending on what food i put there. when it doesn't fit, i just have my kids put it in their backpack. i won't say it is the perfect system that i've been looking for. the drinks my kids like don't fit.  it's heavier than i was expecting it to be. wish i could put cheese, crackers and soup in the box and know that the soup will be hot and the cheese will be cold. i've been careful with what i put it in it because i'm nervous about removing the rubber seal and that i won't be able to get it back on.  the latch can be a bit tough. that said, i've shown my kids how to open it safely, i don't have to worry about tons of boxes and losing pieces (though it only took one use for my son to lose one of the sectional dividers) and my kids seem happy with it. would i have spent $40 in the store for this?  don't know...doubt it.  but am i comfortable with having given the omie team $40/box to show them my support?  yes, i am.  they already proved that they try to learn from some of their mistakes when they sent out a much more detailed schedule back in january. and, for the most part, they kept to it. i didn't come to this kickstarter project with the intent of buying a lunchbox.  i saw a team that looked like they had the right idea for a lunchbox and, having spent a few years trying to find the perfect lunchbox solution, was willing to support this attempt.  oh, and check this out - they were even going to give me their product if i donated $40. good job, omie team.  not my perfect solution yet, but it's a good start.
@omielife thanks for reaching out to me, and offering to replace my defective box.
@john, we're so sorry you received a defective box. we'll pm you today.
horrible, horrible, product. the thermos part is difficult to get on and off --even for an adult; also, the hinges for both the handle and the omniebox are missing a piece causing the handle to come off, and the box to fall apart, which makes it unusable.
my daughter has used her box now for 2 weeks.  we also have the gap. we also have issue with the difficulty in screwing down the top on the warm/cold bowl.  that said, while it's difficult to close if the bowl top isn't screwed down perfectly and takes some adjustments to close it, it works. it's a good size for a kindergartner.  unfortunately the teacher required that the snack be put into a lunch bag with the lunch and since the omie is a standalone lunchbox, i had to buy a secondary lunch bag.  i found this one which is really cute & which the omie fit inside of well - the snack can go on top.  http://www.shop.ju-ju-be.com/fuel-cell-lucky-stars/ my son's box, on the other hand (blue) has an even wider gap and is very difficult to open/close. the hinge is very tight to the point where it might require you to put it in your lap and pull hard to get it open. if he did that, i could see a situation where his lunch would go all over the floor. i don't think i'd put any sort of lubricant on it since it's so close to food, but this should be addressed. not sure if we will use his at all. agree that i would have used the silverware holder as i end up using a plastic spoon/fork and putting it alongside the box within the bag.  i think this lunchbox has a lot of potential but it is not 'there' yet -- thank you for all of your hard work and hopefully you're reading these comments and taking them into consideration though not certain the first round will benefit in any way.
it is obvious the omie was meant to be used with the hot container in place.  when you use the compartment for just sandwiches there is a gap.  we bought reusable ice cubes to put in each section and they keep sandwiches, yogurt, and veggies cool until lunch.  food won't stay cold without the help.  we are making due with what we have.
derek, i guess you are lucky, thanks so much for letting us know.  i've certainly been amused by all of your rebuttals.  i feel the need to chime in and say that i am also one of the unhappy ones.  it's not helpful to hear that this is version one and maybe the next will be better.  this project was "sold" to us as being a a great item.  i don't think many people were expecting an inferior product after paying $39 and waiting a year.  i think in the future people need to more clear about where they are in the design process when they start a campaign. (ps: and, to answer one of your previous comments...yes, i would have used the utensil holder.  for real.  in fact, the box i had to go out and buy when this one didn't work has one.)
this is going to be my last comment here on the omiebox section, because unlike those of you who are posting recently (and i have to assume many others who have remained quiet), i am extremely happy with the boxes and my kids use them everyday without issues or complaints.  but just to add my rebuttals:  - i would agree that there is a small small gap on one side of the boxes when closed, but i haven't seen any problem with that at all.  the food all remains intact and protected - and i don't notice any temperature problems.  but also, i'm not putting things on the outside that i would be worried about - nothing frozen, nothing liquid.  - ants?   really?  how is this a problem?  my kids gets their lunches packed and off by 8 am, and they eat by 11:30 or so.  in those 3 hours, the lunches are either in a backpack, a locker, or a cubby.  no idea where people are keeping them with ants running around - maybe ask for some pest control  - guess i'm lucky that the boxes haven't been dropped yet - that i know of - but the latches seem pretty strong to me.  better than the buckle things i had as a kid that were always opening - both plastic and metal.
so disappointed! i waited for so long for a good product but i just got a product that is not even finished and to add that it has so many more defects.
i have to echo the issues and concerns of the previous comments related to the gap and the seals on the edges. they are not flush and i can see how this would lead to problems with keeping food hot/cold as well as allowing ants in.  i also think that the issues with the seal are compromising the durability and usefulness of the product. on the first day of school, my daughter dropped her lunch box - she was holding it by the handle by her side, so the box did not fall from a great distance or with significant force; however, the box burst open upon impact, spilling her lunch contents all over the playground. i know that it is her fault that she dropped it, but i do think a kids lunch box should be built to withstand some wear and tear. on the second day, she complained that her cold food was not cold. we are back to using a zipper based lunch box. unfortunately i do not think all the production issues were fully resolved with this product and thus i cannot recommend it to others.
@jeff @pinella @caroline @rich hoffman @arckal we've pm'ed you!
same problems - gap on the edge.  also, closing the thermos section is way to difficult.  really disappointed after all the waiting to receive a useless box.
i have the same gap that caroline mentioned, on both of my boxes as well.  it's on the right side of the box.
also, like caroline mentioned.  when i close my box, the right side on both doesn't seem flush, there's a small gap between the seal and the top of the lid that i can't close.
my 2 kids have just started using the omie box for the past few days. i thought things were going well until today. ants found the kids lunches and my son's lunch got covered with ants. he had to throw all his lunch away. i thought the box was supposed to be sealed well, but hundreds of ants somehow got into his lunch. out of the 20 kids in his class (with normal zipper lunch packs), only his lunch was compromised! i checked the silicone seal and i noticed there seemed to be a gap on the right side of the box. i saw this gap on both boxes we have. to test out the seal, i poured a little bit of water on the outside of the box and the water was able to get inside. i'm very disappointed. i'm hoping the next production will fix this problem.
after looking at the manual, it's called a securing insert.  there's no way to easily get it out, it's jammed in.  getting it back in is nearly impossible.
i just started to mess around with my omieboxes, i got a meadow and a blue.  the screw-top to the meadow thermos part is not screwing back into the thermos part without a ton of difficulty.  i've tried switching he lid parts between the two boxes i got and determined that here is something wrong with the thermos portion of the meadow one, because the lid works with the other box.  please send me a new insert portion for the thermos part.
@pinella based on the super helpful feedback from all our kickstarter backers we are currently in the process of assessing whether we need to move production to a different factory. based on the current project plan this is likely to take at least 4-5 months.  we will have a better sense of the minimum quantity per color once we finish this next phase of work.  we will definitely keep everyone posted!
are new colors being added to the next production?
@ rich hoffmann and others:  i'll jump in here (not to speak for omielife, just my own voice) and try to offer some counterpoint.   regarding arckal's comment about the box latch being difficult or impossible to close, i would agree that it is a tight and solid closure, but it shouldn't pose a big problem.  the one bit of advice i would give is to check that the big silicone seal in the lid is seated completely down all the way around - especially up against where the lid hinge is.  i have noticed that after a cleaning, you do have to work the seal down into the groove, but once it's in place, the box lid and latch should close pretty easily. for the other comments about the omiebox not maintaining cold or hot temperatures, i have to say i haven't seen this myself.  i pack the boxes around 7:30 am, and the kids have lunch around 11:30.  no complaints from the kids or teachers that juice is cold, food is not warm enough, or anything else.  but i admit that i haven't tried a combination that would tax the box - like frozen items on one side with a hot dish in the middle.   last, we have to appreciate that we bought a version 1 product.  maybe for the next iteration, the omielife team makes the insulated walls thicker, or adds more air space between, or injects gel between the walls, or something more inventive.  the kickstarter was only to get them down their path; and for a prototype, these boxes are way better than some of the other products i have received as rewards. hope this is helpful, if even only a little.
@ creator - can you please reply and provide a solution or refund regarding the 2 comments below?
same thing we mine kid, the box is not working for cold/hot food. also wanted to mention that closing and opening lunch box lid is pain when packed with food or empty. the outside box latch does not fit easily, it need more pressure for an adult, my kid could not open it that day and she now refuse to take it to school! what a waste product and quality. i guess waited for whole long time and getting defective product (may be) is not what i expected when i been waiting and holding for not to buy another lunch box from market! i had to buy another box for immediate solution for my girl!
school started last week and we are using the lunch box. unfortunately it doesn't seem to be keeping cold items cold (frozen yogurt stick turned room temperature and so did a refrigerated juice box) nor did it keep hot items hot (macaroni & cheese) after filling the thermos with hot water prior to adding the mac & cheese turned room temperature. any recommendations?
@judy we definitely printed your name label but the warehouse must have forgotten to put it in your order.  we are checking with them now.
i was wondering the same thing.  i did not receive the name label either. i still have the email where i confirmed the name that goes on the label.
one more comment and a question:  - the cleanup for these boxes is amazing.  take everything apart, pull off the silicone seals, quick wash and rinse (don't think i'll ever even bother with the dishwasher but nice to know i could) and set out to dry till next morning.  can't say enough how easy the seals are to deal with; they are like an apple product that just work.  no weird stretching or fighting - they slip on right where they should, and with a simple push all around, you are ready to go! now the question: what is the future of omiebox production?  i know sometimes with ks projects that going over budget or fighting to get a project done kills all the spirit and the creators are just glad to be done with it all - assuming of course, anything ever ships.  do you expect to continue mass production and/or retail into 2016?  i only ask because i've received a great response from daycare teachers and parents who have seen mine, and i expect that you do have a successful product worthy of this market. thanks again!
we haven't moved on actually using the boxes yet - been a busy week and teh boxes need a wash to start with.  kindergarten (6 year old) is struggling a little practising with opening the thermos side but we will practise on that.
ours works great for our 3rd grader.  she loves it.  all seals work great and the thermos is easy to open with no leaks.  don't think we will put soup in it so can't speak for actual liquids but hot meals, etc are fine.   very happy with it!
@christina will send you an email with cookbook separately!
@ derek parks thank you so much for your support throughout this journey!  we are incredibly grateful.  :-)
@ l. matthews - just sent you a pm!
two boxes received!  boxes not yet opened as my wife would string me up if i opened them without her!
i recieved my daughters box without a name label! where is it and when will i recieve it?
i was so excited to see that the fedex smartpost delivery got pushed up from monday to saturday, and i now have 2 beautiful omieboxes for my kids!  my comments: - they are far more heavy-duty and strong than i expected; a very good thing!  i feel like these can withstand a beating and still look great.   - compared to others who received theirs before me, the vacuum container lids don't seem to be tight or hard to turn at all.  they were sitting outside in the shipping box for about an hour, but they don't seem to be hot or anything.   - the colors really came out nice - i got the pinkberry and the green meadow and they look stunning  - they might be a touch on the small side, although i did some trials and can fit sandwich, juice box, and other things in the divider sections without too much trouble, so i'm not that concerned - next wave, please investigate an omielife pro size suitable for adults - i would love to have on of these for my work lunch! thanks again for all the perseverance on this project, and i hope you are able to move forward with this venture!
received, stickered, and we love them! i don't seem to have received a cookbook, though. will that be sent under separate cover?
mail came, huzzah!
@byron pepper i wish we could send her one right away but we're completely sold out!  but we are getting a second batch later this year (dec/jan) so she can pre-order on our website (www.omielife.com/shop).  thanks so much!
@simon granville you can see an example of the name label here: https://www.facebook.com/omielife/photos/a.1044682462249402.1073741829.619852068065779/1044680672249581/…
@ce junkie thank you so much for your detailed feedback - this is incredibly helpful.  we are working hard with the factory to address these issues one by one.
arrived at freight forwarder and due to be shipped tomorrow - 1 - 4 working days delivery for $69.  officially the world's most expensive lunch boxes!  i think the next few days will be a longer wait than the past few months!  can ayone advise what the decals are in the box?  i don't recall them from the campaign.
is there anyway to order another? my girlfriend is extremely jealous of my kids lunchbox now and wants to know! thanks!
just received mine, looks truly awesome!! thank you
the technique to screw properly every time is first screw it reverse side ( clockwise, like you are opening ), then lid dip down and now just tighten the lid counter clockwise. this works consistently, i don't think it is a design flaw. but if you try to tighten it directly it won't work because lid is never aligned to start with.
lunch boxes are so beautiful kids love it. seals are perfect. we put a bit olive oils thermo lids and kids can open easily. perfect!
@omielife my kids took their to school for the first time today and below was their experience. they loved them by the way. all asked for the thermos and the actual lunch box to be a little bigger though.  4th grader - boy 2nd grader - girl 4 y.o. girl opening the lunch box: all three had trouble opening it. two of the three could open it but it hurt their fingers doing so. congrats on the seal but adding a piece of plastic below the latch would allow for one hand to push down while the other could pull up. make sense? lid of the thermos: others have already commented and my daughter (2nd grader) had to ask someone to help. all three had issues closing it. bottom of the lunch box: two of the lunch boxes lay on the four feet. one does not due to a bulge on the bottom. it spins like a top - i'd like it to be replaced when you have stock. thermos: we followed the preheating instructions and put in top romen in all three lunch boxes. 4 1/2 hours later they ate and the soup was luke warm. kids still liked it and asked for romen again tomorrow so i think the thermos worked. adding utensils: the kids had soup/romen noodles so we preferred to put a spoon and fork inside. the plastic fork we tried to put in did not fit in the larger compartment on the left. we sent metal forks that fit but that took up precious room where more food could have gone. compartment dividers: they fell during our initial testing of the box. the box is small though so i really don't think we'd use them anyway. if carrots and grapes commingle, so be it. summary: they liked them and with a little tweaking you'll have a big hit on your hands.
slowly tracking my boxes across the us via teh fedex tracking website.  currently in orlando en route to sarasota - then the big flights across the pond to oz.  i reckon it will be quicker to get from the us to oz than across the us.  be interesting to see more comments re the screw lid - maybe a little spray oil to loosen it?
@dana harris devoe - thank you so much!
just got my omnibox today. congrats on your launch! i have to agree with previous posts that the thermos lid is very difficult to screw on. i struggle with it and my 1st grader can not get it back on at all. i expect that after lunch her thermos food will leak into the rest of the box. on the plus side, the perimeter seal seems pretty secure so at least the food won't leak into her backpack. i'm also concerned that i'm going to strip the thermos threads since they are plastic and it takes me 3 or 4 attempts to aligned the lid perfectly. overall, i'm still impressed with the design and excited to use omnibox when school starts next week!
@russel kunkel -- thank you so much for your detailed, thoughtful feedback.  we have been in constant communication with our factory since we started shipping & sharing all the feedback with them.  as with all first production runs there is much improvement we need to undertake, and we are working hard to make sure these issues are resolved before we start another production run.  thank you again - we are grateful.
received my shipping notification and could not be more excited! congratulations omie!
@omielife i just received my package today (for those worried about the "long" ship time my package arrived 4 days earlier than the estimated date) and i have to say good job! looks and feels great. i am a little worried about the seal on the container being to tight but teachers should be able to help. @howard s the omie team isn't amazon, walmart, or any other big box store. they likely dont have deals with ups, fedex, and whoever else so ship at a discounted rate. they also had a number of setbacks and their funding isn't limitless. they chose what was economically smart for them at this time. i would expect a business man such as yourself would recognize this and respect it. the difference we are talking here might be only 50¢ more a package for ups 3 day but after the math was done that may have added up to more than was possible for them at this exact moment. shipping is expensive, heck even amazon is trying to make it more appealing to choose the longer shipping option by offering store credit. could they have asked us what method we wanted? sure they could have but that would have likely delayed the shipments even further while they waited for all of the responses plus accomendated for all the different providers. the team made a decision and i think it was likely the right one for them and us. omielife has time and again shown they are committed to this product and to the backers that helped to make it happen. they could have cut their losses a long time ago and cancelled the project like so many other projects out there but they didn't. they finished and shipped a product that is really attractive and i think will be great. show them some respect for that. they deserve it. @omielife thank you all for sticking by they project and getting it out to us. i am sure my niece is going to love it.
@derek parks disagree but hey this is america and one can voice whatever they feel to say. my issue is with the shipping issue. this isn't about saving money to ship a product the slowest method. have you ever dealt with usps in them losing a package? did you know you have to wait at least 8 business days to file a claim? so in addition to the package taking over 10 days to reach me (i live in the usa and not sure about you), but regardless of this being a funding, draw of the luck they actually made a product etc, has nothing to do with poor choice in using the worse service. if money was an issue in shipping, i know i would have paid more for proper shipping that would take a max 5 days to reach me.  as far as product wise, i fully expect to encounter issues with what i'm reading on the lid being too tight for young kids to work. am i going to ask for a refund? no, this is what you expect in a funding project. shipping is in the owners control and this was a bad decision.
i am in the los angeles area and just received my 2 boxes today, earlier than the original august 21st estimated delivery date.  i like the boxes, although i have to agree it is a big difficult to screw the lid on the hot food container and that the food dividers do not stay in place.
hi omie team.  congrats on getting your product out. as you will look to continuously improve your product, i wanted to give you some initial feedback. first the good: packaging was stellar.  this will look great on a shelf in a store. very high end feel. almost like unboxing an apple product. design appeal is great.  colorful and will stand out.  will be easy to find among a sea of other lunchboxes at school. build quality is high.  materials are solid, and look to be durable. easy to clean. perfect size to hold enough for lunch. the opportunities: lid is difficult to screw on and off.  our entire family (me, wife, 4.5 year old) struggled with securing the lid on the first try - even with warm water in it. lid has to be tight to completely water seal.  after turning upside down, i continued to tighten the lid until leaking subsided, then asked my daughter to unscrew the lid.  she became quickly frustrated and quit.  even my wife had to bare down to get it open. that would be horrible to send your child to school and they miss their meal due to this.  help could be at school, but still do not like the risk. dividers do not stay put. when carried by the handle, they simply slide up and down. since they do not seal to the sides, not sure they would really keep food separate if moisture runs through them overall impression i think this is a well made product that needs a few changes to justify a $50 price point and be practical for everyday use.  lid design needs to be improved for ease of use and water sealing.  honestly, i am surprised this made it though the testing phase, given the long delays for the silicone seal.  lastly, dividers need improved design to prevent sliding and moisture from running between - perhaps a similar silicone seal to top. i hope this feedback is useful.  i do think this could be a large commercial success with some changes.  i wish the omie team the best luck in building this brand.
@howard s - you need to scale back the anger a bit. none of us paid for express shipping back during the pledge period - and although yes, the omieboxes are later than most of expected, we are actually receiving something. do a google search about failed ks projects and you will see that our experience is better too many where the creators write one last update saying "sorry - you all get nothing- all money is gone".  and plenty of shipping companies now are using fedex smartpost - i don't think it is at all unreasonable for the omiebox team to explore the best option comparing service speed and cost.  i received my shipping e-mail this evening- and i expect i'll see the boxes in the next 7-10 days - fine with me!!
@c carpenter we've submitted your order to the warehouse but they're a little backlogged right now because of the kickstarter rewards. we added another hour to the shift this week (9-hours total now) so we're working as fast as we can to get all the rewards out!
i see orders going out, when might i expect a shipped email?
i wonder if some of the kids are tighter than others. mine is extremely difficult. even the teachers would find it difficult. i have to grab hold of one side of the box to apply enough strength to open it and i've heard the plastic make a cracking sound a couple times. i am pretty disappointed. i know the suggestion is to fill it with hot foods but what about cold or when the food cools down?
@susan hong.....susan i have a 3 and a 4 year old and both of them had no issues opening and closing the hot food container. it was a little tight but they both figured it out by themselves. il'd rather it be a bit tight so food doesn't leak than too loose. i know the teachers at their school will help if they can't close it but so far at home they were both able to do it :)
just to let you guys know that i received my 2 omieboxes today and absolutely love them!!! great work and so worth the wait! i'm going to order 2 more asap so i'll have extra ones for my kiddos! thanks again for a wonderful product :)
as a business professional i normally try to contain my thoughts. perhaps this was just a bad business decision on your part. in the slight chance that your team gains anything for real life customer experiences. i find it 100% unacceptable that a package is shipped on august 11th and i will not receive it until august 21st because you elected to ship it via the worse method which involves a combo of fedex and usps. it certainly couldn't have cost much more sending a "4.9 lbs" package ground ups. as i said it's one thing to cut out the fork because of safety concerns, but now you ship the worse method and don't even ask if someone would be willing to pay an extra few bucks for effective shipping to get the product to a customer. surely anyone would be furious no matter if they are part of a fund kickstarter or not in waiting over 10 days for a package shipment. totally unacceptable but sadly nothing i can do to fix the problem. finally you really don't have the proper people in the warehouse if they truly cared about shipping. good thing horseback doesn't exist anymore.. that would be cheaper.
@howard s we're really sorry about the long transit time via smartpost.  we talked about this at length with our warehouse and felt that smartpost was the most reliable, cost effective option for us at this point.
i have been a supporter throughout this funding and clearly understood the delays. however, the buck stops for me when my tracking says shipped aug 11th and it is sent my fedex smartpost and says estimated delivery aug 21! i could have had it shipped from china and gotten it faster! this is truly unacceptable. i can deal with no fork etc.  while i know no one cares, why would you ship fedex smartpost to the east coast???
@susan hong thank you so much for the feedback! have you tried putting any hot food in the vacuum insulated container yet?  we find that the lid goes on pretty easily when the container is warm.
my omie box arrived today. was super excited. love the colors (i ordered 2) and design. but was majorly disappointed to find the lid is so hard to screw on. i had to realign the lid several times before it would screw on levelly. i don't know how my 6 yr can possibly close it after lunch and not risk it leaking if he has left overs. very disappointed. thought it was designed for little hands. anyone else have the same problem?
ours arrived today and i am so pleased with them! congrats to the team, all of your hard work and persistence has truly paid off. my son wants me to put mac and cheese in his right away (even though kindergarten doesn't start until monday, lol).
jason - is this not clear enough?  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/506949578/omiebox-hot-and-cold-food-in-1-lunchbox/posts/1313058
when will these be shipped by.  school is around the corner and this campaign is closing in on being one year late.  come on!!!
i just got my tracking order number - actually i got two.  one generated no result on the fedex website but the other is currently at "label created" stage.  next stop the freight forwarder and finally into the hands of my son.  although given he has lost about six food containers i am worried about the life expectancy of the omiebox...
i received my tracking number. sadly you are using fedex smartpost which will take at least 5 business days to get to east coast from ca!
has anyone received a tracking number or shipping notification email?
@st we just sent an email to you - please email us at info@omielife.com if you don't receive it or have questions!  thanks so much.
i was just trying to check my order and the address i listed on it, however it states it cannot find the order number and email. assistance please.
i'm trying to confirm my shipping address but never received a confirmation e-mail.  all i see is that i'm order #403.  can someone please help??
@jana carey lombardi - the container arrived on the 25th but due to massive congestion at oakland we are still waiting to pick up the container from the port!  our trucker has been at the port for 4 straight days now and we think we'll finally be able to pick up the container today.  our customs broker told us that this is the worst they've ever seen. once we receive the container at our warehouse we'll begin shipping right away and will upload the tracking number into your order.  thank you!
hello, just wondering if everything arrived as expected on the 26th, and if so, have boxes been shipped? we have a camp starting monday the 3rd and hoping to have a lunchbox for it! will tracking info be emailed?
anne - email info@omielife.com to get an update.
hi there- i need to change my address but i can't find anywhere on the website to do so! can someone please help? i don't want this very long-awaited omiebox to go to the wrong address! i never received an email to update the address as indicated. thank you! anne
we received emails requesting address verifications and assumed that meant the mailing address. if so, our mailing address was not referenced. do we need to do anything further to make sure we are all on the same page? i am referencing orders 101562778 and 101562872 (consolidated by you guys into one order).  thanks.
@hundredwaters i just checked your order and it looks like you did choose pink!  if you don't mind verifying your email that would be awesome!!  let me know if you need me to re-send the address verification email.  thank you!
@pinella sorry for the confusion - there was only 1 email sent out!  thanks for clarifying.  :-)
i received an email saying "we sent out address verification emails today"implying there were 2 emails sent out....or was that your address verification email?
dear omielife - when will we get to choose the color - i would like mine to be pink. thanks ben shapiro
i'm wondering if there're any crafty people here who might know how i could safely attach a utensil holder to this. yes i was disappointed when they pulled it from the plans, and even bordered on angry, but i told myself that this was still way too neat, and i'm not gonna let something so trivial stop my niece and nephew from enjoying this when it does get here. i will find another way to  make it complete :) can't wait for the school year
@howard s  all true statements.  and i'm ready to sell my omiebox. to any takers.  i've been disappointed a few times by massive delays and unfulfilled products on kickstarter.  i'm pretty much done with it now.
i'm a business professional who has done business with china. i've even been to the canton trade fair which is truly a once in a lifetime experience. people (here) do not understand that sourcing is not a guarantee. the fact is a one man shop or a company with 1000's can contract with a chinese factory and be told something but at the end of the day, be provided with something else. this is the way it is and if someone wants a brand new product concept that has not come out, i would suggest waiting for it to hit amazon so when it doesn't have something like a fork holder you can send it back to amazon. i fully respect the amount of work it has taken for this group to get a concept off the ground and the countless hours they must of spent dealing with the factory. we should by lucky it doesn't have lead and other materials in it and i assume omiebox team has done all what they can to ensure the product is clean. if someone doesn't want your omiebox, i am sure someone else here would buy it.
@derek. as a matter of fact i don't have children, backed this for myself. the utensil holder was a plus for me. is its loss going to make me kill myself, no, but i'm very disappointed. with the length of time we have waited, the number of trips they made to china, and the promise in the original campaign, frustration is not unusual. i've backed a lot of projects. i feel that these are inventor dreams that we get a chance to help make come true. with regular updates- great communication, backers are more than willing to wait for what was proposed. how could omiebox have prevented this problem, not sure, but i wish they had come up with a better solution. a coupon for a discount on a future product is less than welcome. imho.
i'm trying to be "respectful and considerate" - but to the people complaining about the utensil holders.....do you even have children? do you think your kids would use it if it was there?  i know mine wouldn't - after a few times of sending metal spoons with her lunch bag, and having them hit the trash at daycare along with everything else, we went to plastic silverware and haven't thought twice about it. i can see that if this was a lunch box intended for adults, the utensil holder would be a great addition, but i can't complain too hard about a feature that i expect the target user won't even see. and many of you need to be honest: it is not believable that all of you hit the "pledge" button solely on the basis of a utensil holder. the clamshell design, integrated vacuum container, overall look and feel - if these were being taken away, i would completely understand the bitching. maybe you are all annoyed by the delays and are just gleeful in that you have something to point to - you can now come on here and flame the creators with charges of misrepresentation.  get over it - it's a place to clip a spoon in a kids' lunchbox.....
so...there won't be utensil holders?!@@ i admit that i didn't check the updates for i am losing faith in this product after the delay of almost a year. now you are telling me i am going to get a product different ( a crucial difference) without any opinion ever sought. i have been waiting for almost a year and i believe i can wait a few months longer for a full-pledged product if i can't cancel the backing in you. p.s. i thought this was a thought-through product. the whole thing turns out to be a great disappointment. however i do hope the product won't fail my wait.
any updates on the utensil holder and the complete solution?
@jen robbins @elizabeth - please check out our latest update!
i would also love to get an update ... when are these being shipped? can i expect them for the start of the school year in late august or do i need to purchase something else?
so it is a month since the last update. i wonder how things are going?
yes james. i agree
i completely disagree with the comment that the utensil holder was a "nice to have".  the utensil holder is clearer listed in the campaign as a feature of how it was better than other lunch systems.  by taking away one of the key features of the product backers should be given the option of accepting the modification or waiting for an updated design if the utensil is a critical feature for them.
could you please let me know how to change my shipping address? i've decided to gift mine to a friend. thank you!
i am trying real hard to keep my enthusiasm for this. i backed the omnibox because it is innovative and i want you personally to be successful. i was hoping for it to arrive on schedule, the 14-15 school year, and with the features i was really stoked the most about, the utensil holder. i am really bummed to be planning the 15-16 school year without one and now having to diy my own utensil holder even though i already backed a product (the omnibox) that had one. i have a few products in my kitchen cabinets that i purchased at the container store that are similar in function and price with utensil holders. i even have something that allows me to have cereal for lunch with cold milk i poured that morning who's spoon is attached. again, i am still on your side a year after it was to be delivered and after a really game changing design alteration. please be on my side too.
@chandan visweswar - i'm sorry there will not be an utensil holder feature. we were faced with a really tough decision and we felt it was important to get a safe, fully compliant product here as quickly as possible.  we provided the requirements to our factory over a year ago, even bringing in the independent lab to consult with them.  regrettably, they did not source the proper material.  we understand your need for a complete solution and we are working on some ideas, but it will take a little time.  we will keep everyone updated as we make more progress on this front.  thank you so much for your continued support!
can you please clarify on heather there is a space for storing utensils in the box. if the kid is able to get utensils without getting hands messy,i am happy with it . if not,this is no complete solution lunch box. i know,challenges are many,but not knowing the safety of a product after so many delays is a bit puzzling to me. the first and foremost for a child lunch box,would have been safety to any type of food. (so i presume this would be on top of your list when sourcing the material and you would have cross checked with others,to make sure the product is safe)
i have to admit that when it was first announced that there would be no utensil holder i was not too upset. then i started to read the comments and think about it. now, i realize it's a bigger deal than i thought. the omniebox was perfect because it did everything, which included having a place for my utensils. without that feature, it's no different than any other tupperware, as said before. very disappointing. it's disappointing because you at omniebox made a unilateral decision that affected over 2000 people without taking into consideration what what important to them.  did it occur to you to poll us before you took away part of our omniebox???????   we have waited, some more patiently than others, for your dream product - which became our dream product - and you change it on us. how sad for us and shame on you.
when you clarify that you are working on figuring our an alternate solution, will you clarify if you mean you will be developing something that will be sent in an aftermaket fashion to all the backers so we may add them to our purchased units at a later time, or that you plan on creating a solution that will be applied to future iterations that you hope we purchase using our 15% coupons? i can assume that very few of those coupons will be utilized after this poor experience. while i understand that the kickstarter process is kind of a gamble, i would like to ask you to take a moment to review your pitch video where you presented this product as fully thought through and ready to go. the guy who is making a cooler with a speaker, blender, and host of other gadgets has managed to not only improve his design, but has worked closer to the originally proposed ship schedule on his project than this lunch box, and that is just kind of sad when you think about it in comparison.
we appreciate all your feedback about the utensil holder.  we want to clarify that we have already modified the injection molding tool and removed the utensil holder feature. we understand your need for a complete solution and we are working on alternative solutions. it will take some time to figure out what the right solution should be, but please know we are working on it and will keep you posted.
like the previous 4 comments, at this point, i would also like the option of waiting for the full product with the utensil holders - it really is what makes this set complete for little diners. offering your original backers the full product with a reasonable wait or a free utensil solution when released would be a much nicer option than 15% off a future order. i can't say that this product will suit my rising 3rd and 1st graders at this point and definitely not enough capacity for a future order - these growing kids eat a lot!
the beauty of the proposed design was that all things would be in one place. if there is no utensil holder it is significantly less useful. we've already missed this school season, i would rather wait a few more months to get the original design i signed up for.
+1 hundredwaters, it was an important feature to have a utensil holder now if it would not be there then provide something it could hold on. or i would wait for design changes (if you are gonna do it or not not sure). i am sure it would not happen in next iteration but then backers like us would not probably not be getting new one. so why we get loss?? it's already been delayed by 8 months we could wait more!!
in looking over your design once again - which is very attractive - it occurred to me that the placement of the utensil is the one downside of this design - it looks like the utensil juts into one of the food compartments, limiting space there and being prone to getting dirty with food over the entire utensil before it is used.  furthermore, its the one thing that is likely to get lots by kids - namely the utensil.  what seems like a better design is to have the utensil holder on the outside and be able to accomodate two if you need a fork and a spoon for when the have a lunch that needs both (my daughter is still an infant and doesnt go to school with a lunchbox yet - i dont know if that is a likely situation).   you are going to have to resdesign this anyway to come up with a solution.  my recommendation is to either offer some sort of small container that you can attach that hold utensils, or when you redesign the bottom compartment, re-do it with the same internal dimension but with an outside utensil compartment for generic utensils (perhaps one on each side to retain some symmetry - or one side for napkin) and offer to replace this part for those that want to upgrade...
i am team @ce junkie on this issue.  after waiting this long i would rather have had the complete product as pitched originally.  i think many would agree that this project was backed because we were interested in a complete lunch/portable meal solution.  other kickstarters such as the "coolest" seem to have overcome this issue with the accessories.  this omission renders the product little more than very expensive tupperware.
@ce junkie: as you expected, i'm here to disagree!  i consider this a very responsible update for the omiebox team: you can hear that it wasn't the choice they wanted, but the best one to ensure that we all get products in the next 2 months instead of far longer. i have already been thinking of diy options (think 3m makes some sort of all-plastic velcro strip that would survive dishwashing) - the utensil holder was always just a "nice to have" anyways.  this is not the same as shipping without a handle - i'm sure parents who would buy this in the future would be very upset to know that one component was not quite as food-safe as the rest.  for me - and if i'm in the minority so be it - i am happy to know that the omiebox team weighed the options and came up with one that best served the backers and the product.
love the packaging!
hello, we're also moving in a couple weeks.  could you pls send the change of address link?  thanks much and looking forward to our omiebox.
@omiebox - i understand you had to make a tough decision but not having a utensil holder makes your lunchbox much less desirable. i feel comfortable saying i would not have bought one (i actually bought two) if there was not a place for utensils. i'm sure i'll be skewered for saying that but my kids are very young and needed that feature to make sure they have everything they need when they sit down to eat. that was a critical feature to me. it'd be like selling it without a handle. you've had a lot of time to get it right and it's hard to understand how this was overlooked. again, i'm sure others will have a different opinion but that's how i feel. very disappointing...
thank you @derekparks!  we have learned so much in this process and are incredibly grateful to our backers for their feedback, encouragement & understanding!!
just posting this response from @creator that was in the comments of the last update - great news!  it was posted yesterday sometime. @michelemorse yes! we finished mass production on all 14 parts last weekend, and we're now in assembly mode. if everything goes as planned the product should leave the factory by the end of this month. - curious to witness the differences in how creators manage their product/shipping delays.  sure, omiebox is later than originally planned, but they have done a very good job along the way explaining the design changes and challenges that have happened.  because of this, i think many of us feel that when they do arrive, the omieboxes will be of great quality and live up to what we all expected. compare this to 2 other open projects that i have backed - updates are less frequent and when they do come, are usually only explaining more disappointments.  in both cases,backers are being made to wait for supplemental items that were either superfluous or were never part of the main item's design.  to top it off, we are then only told that this product will change the world and we should feel happy to be getting one of the first of its kind.   oh - and no refunds will be given! anyway - hope the assembly is going well!
hi!  we are also moving in the next few weeks, can i please have the link for address change as well?
this has been a fascinating project to support and see the behind-the-scenes issues and successes. i am very excited to see the final product and even more excited to have participated in such an endeavor. thanks for all of your hard work. it is much appreciated!!!
also moved! is it national moving time? would very much like to receive my omie though.
we also moved and need to give you a new address to ship to - can you send me the link to give you the update too?
@ashley, i just send you a message with a link to update your address!  please let me know if you have any problems, thanks!
hi there! we are so excited to get our omie box! i am curious though, how do i let you all know where to mail it? i moved since we backed the project initially. thank you!
great questions @aliciahinrichs!  please send us an email at sales@omielife.com and we can help you add another box to your order.
when will i be able to order an additional omiebox? with the extra time i will now have two kids in school and would love to get one for my soon to be kindergartener!
thank you @amandabaca and @christina!
this was also the first project i ever supported on kick starter i also expected delays but as the new year started i will admit i became impatient, seeing you enthusiasm and excitement really made me feel happy to be apart of a start to what seems to be an amazing product that your team put so much time and hard work into.... so i guess what i'm saying is, happy i backed this, can't wait for the omiebox!!
thanks for the update! i'm getting excited for these to arrive!
i am consistently amazed that so many people seem to think of kickstarter as a site where they can go and just purchase ready-to-go products.  this site is for supporting an idea that people have and helping them make it a reality...with no guarantee that it will ever actually happen.  i have even been wondering if i will be asked for money with all the extra research and redesigning that's been necessary. did people really support this product hoping to a get a whopping 1 year of use out of it?!  i keep seeing people comment that they hope their kids are still young enough to use them. and i remember somebody commenting that it was "just a box" - why would somebody pay $40 (or whatever it was) for "just a box" that they could go get from a store. i suspect that most of the people putting up ideas for funding have never run an business before and will fail at certain steps. in this case, the omie box team failed to provide a realistic timeline for delivery because they didn't fully research what could go wrong. s--t happens. i think they've actually done a great job in providing updates and was happiest when they provided their new, more realistic timeline (i supported this project with the expectation there would be a 1-2 month delay and i will admit that i still expect to hear of more delays. but, even though it's been longer, i will still be thrilled if it's delivered by the next school year). this was the first project i supported, and i am still happy i did so. i suspect the omie box team has learned a lot and i certainly have learned to be more careful and ask questions regarding the projects i back. and, i continue to look forward to getting my boxes - especially for the summer when my kids will still want hot soup even on the hottest days and when most of the camps my kids will be going to don't have a hot lunch option i can just order from. and, if there is somebody who doesn't want theirs, by all means send it to me, as i requested 3 but have a niece who will want one too.
i thought these were a great idea and ordered one for each of my three kids before the beginning of the school year.  well, school will be out in may and still no lunch boxes.  simple and easy to use, i don't even have to take it out each morning; it's not a lunchbox for hot and cold food but no food.
given that this was only originally intended to be shipped in october - it wasn't meant to be shipped a year ago.  six months really.
so exciting to see the pics of the parts starting to come together!
@ l. matthews thank you so much for your feedback and we are so sorry for the lack of updates recently.  since returning from chinese new year, the factory has been working on texturing the tools and building out a new tool for the silicon gasket that would be more suitable for mass production. we arrived in china last week to kick off production and will be here for the next 3 weeks.  we are on schedule to deliver in july.  you're right though that the lack of updates is unacceptable and we will fix that asap.  please look for an update next week.  thank you!
this is by far the worst campaign that i've ever backed. and not just because of the ridiculous amount of time this project has been delayed! you guys suck at keeping ppl updated. i'd be less angry about this if you guys would update more readily--even with bad news of delays. we gave you all money for this project and the least you could do is keep us notified. i ordered this for delivery almost a year ago! never have i seen a kickstarter so behind on delivering a product. you guys not only dropped the ball--you've completely lost it. i really wish that i could get a refund at this point--i'd invest in a much less expensive bento box for my daughter and call it a day. i guess i have to do that anyway since this box may never make it out of production--i feel cheated�
this is my first time supporting a kickstarted project, and it will be my last.
anyway, at this point, i can get my money back?. i realized the complexity of this project, but by the time i get these lunch boxes, my children might be too old to even use them!!..pls. advise.
@chandan yes!  we are in china this week to kick off production and we are still on schedule for a july delivery. a more detailed update with photos to come soon.
has anything been started yet please
@amir thank you for your feedback - we appreciate it.  we will 100% fulfill the kickstarter rewards.  there have definitely been some unexpected challenges along the way!  we talked to so many experts and they all agree that making a leak-proof seal with 1 latch is not an easy endeavor.  we're really glad the challenge is behind us and we're moving forward with production!
do you relize your original projection for delevery was sept of 2014, this is not a small slip, your building plastic lunch box thats a nema enclosure its not that technicaly challenging.  the reason i bring this up because this lack of proper managment concerns me if you are going to deliver at all quite frankly you should have seen and planned for these issues early on and managed risk accordingly i know its kick starter but an 8 month slip for building a lunch box is hard to explain away
@lh sorry for the lack of updates; the last 2 weeks were largely pre-production prep (e.g. texturing, ordering raw materials, etc), so not a lot of new news to share.  the good news is we're still on schedule.  we are heading to the factory in the next week or two and will post an update from there!
update please? production is started?
@ce junkie - in other parts of the world - just in time for winter and warm stews to be kept warm for lunch.
so excited to see that production will be starting soon! thank you for all the updates and i felt you did a great job at making sure we stayed in the loop!
i have been fascinated while watching this product go through the difficulties of starting up new production. can't wait to see the finished product later this year!
delivery of a lunchbox just in time for summer break...
@omiebox i'm sure you are happy that there is a light at the end on the tunnel!  appreciate your attention to quality and taking the time to ensure it.
pre cny update?
could it be extra spork or divider/sticker etc?
i am just wondering how many of the ocmmenters have back other kickstarter projects and ths understand that delivery delays are part of kickstarter.  i am also not sure what compensation would be payable?  pain and suffering from not having a lunchbox on a particular date?
omnie team it's been a uphill struggle to design a working prototype. a lot of hard work and financial resources are spent. even though,i appreciate your hard work,i am now wondering whether you have any financial resources left. it's like we paid for designing a working prototype. (which still is far from ready) just keen to see whether you have any month designated for completion of prototype. any reasonable project needs a deadline. you better have one soon please. i am just fed up of updates,unless it's one involving delivery
i hope backers would get well compensated for very late delivery, it's been a while since multiple time delivery date slipped.
@pamela @derek thank you so much for your thoughtful comments.  when we came up with the delivery dates for our campaign, we felt it was very achievable since we already (1) started building the tools, and (2) began production on the stainless steel parts.  in our first sealing gasket design, we planned to over mold it directly on the lid.  what we didn't anticipate was that the over molding would cause the lid to warp!  for us, this was not something we could have known before we started the tooling trials.  looking back now i completely agree with you that we should have planned for a bigger buffer in the delivery date.  while i can’t change the past i can certainly promise two things going forward.  one -  we stay laser focused on the gasket until we have a viable solution.  two - we continue to post regular updates on kickstarter to keep our backers in the loop.  thank you again for sharing your feedback with us.
there's a part of me that feels bad for those asking for their money back, as i don't think they quite understand how kickstarter works - at least not the way i understand it.  you put your money up to help fund a fledgling company but there is never any guarantee you will get something in return.  as a backer, i'm not purchasing a product, i'm giving you money because i support your idea. unfortunately, when i pledged my money, i was under the belief you were much further along in the process than you actually were.  giving a 1 or 2 month timeline between funding and delivery made me think you just needed money to produce an already tested product, and while there may be slight issues when trying to mass produce, it would be adjustments...not full research to find a way new way to build it. guess that's my problem for not asking more questions before agreeing to give you anything. since i have young kids and a young niece, i still look forward to a finish product at some point and think i'll still have a use for this whenever the product is completed.  however, i wish you would have been much more realistic with the delivery timeline - something like 6-9 months from the end of the kickstarter funding.  i can only guess you thought october was a good goal with parents thinking of school-year and holiday gifts, but you have now made quite the reputation for disappointment... you've at least taught me to be more careful with my pledging of other kickstarter campaigns.
i would also like to request a refund due to my disappointment in the lengthy delay, please let me know how to start the process.  thanks.
hello omiebox team: i do appreciate the updates and it does seem like you are making great strides on producing the best product possible.  i believe that the issue that many of us backers are having is that the early stage prototypes you must have had were nowhere near ready as a finished good.  it is clear now that the backing you requested was not to enable a full scale production of your final design - it was only to display your vision and then use the proceeds from ks to actually produce something that works.  to be honest, i'm still looking forward to the omiebox- my daughter is 5 and won't need hers till september. hopefully given your recent update , that should be quite achievable. but i think if you would have been more realistic with the product's status and the timelines, people here would be much less upset. thanks and looking forward to the final products - i think they really will be great when done !
thank you fig the updates - unfortunately they mean nothing. it seems like a way to just keep talking, hoping we don't notice that the product is so late and more importantly zero mention of expected delivery date.  i like the idea of this product, but what good is that when " service/delivery" is so poor. i am sorry, but i regret backing this project.
i would rather not hear from you than hear your research and development saga.  you promised a product not a research project.
i didn't realize when i backed this up that the product was not fully tested and functional. it's good to see you guys are testing it thoroughly, however my nephew i was going to give the box to for school has just started today.
this is my first kickstarter experience and i'm losing my patience and my confidence in the team.  we're entering the 3rd month from the original promise date, and the updates are meaningless to me without some idea of when we can expect to receive - regardless of how kind they appear.  i only see 2 responses from the creators, which is a little thin to me.  the email updates feel somewhat anonymous to me - still working on the design - no expected delivery date - and they don't leave me with any confidence that delivery will actually happen.  what is the deadline for requesting a refund?
i'm happy the box is moving along. i hope my grandkids are still in school to use this special lunch box! they're being very patient �
i guess the challenge has been taking a prototype and then scaling up production and having the tools for mass production meet the spec of the prototype.  not easy.  generally i expect a 2-3 month delay in a kickstarter project so ok so far.
hi creators i have to agree with @ jennifer. we should aim to have a product in a reasonable time frame,allowing the product to retain its  utility in the meantime.
while i still am supportive of your overall idea and the work you're putting into getting it right, i have to say i'm really disappointed in the late delivery.  i ordered an omie box for a niece's mid-december 6th birthday, then hoped i could maybe give it to her for christmas.  now i'm left hoping it will arrive sometime before she's outgrown it.  kind of not cool.
i'm no longer in need of this product. can i get my money back?
all the expertise of the team that was presented in the original presentation apparently means little in meeting any kind of deadline. everyone that ordered had an expectation of delivery in the time frame you presented.  i thought you had a product ready to produce and wasn't aware it was the beginning of the design stage.
hi creators, in my previous comments,i thought jan would be delivery date.is it going to be feb or march or unknown .?please clarify. did you have a leak proof working prototype before you started the project,just out of curiosity?
a lot of negative comments here.  i just wanted to leave a note for the creators that i am looking forward to receiving my box.  i would rather wait for a quality product that takes time to develop instead of one that is rushed out the door to meet the demands of an impatient crowd.
i didn't even read the comments before i posted mine but i guess a lot of people are as disappointed as i am . i backed in the summer, thinking i had more than enough time to have it in hands for my daughter in january . #guessnot.  and of course they would offer your money back now that they have gotten more than triple the intended backer amount
so, it will not be delivered before x-mas? i was thinking that we are going to receive it before x-mas. it is not true anymore?
hi plantbased, thank you for your comment.  we take feedback from our backers seriously, and we would never, ever delete any comment. i just checked our blog and your comment is there. i am sorry for the misunderstanding.  thank you so much for your continued support.
in an attempt to communicate with omielife, i left a comment on their blog. rather than contacting me, it was quickly deleted along with other posts that could be perceived as negative. i've backed many projects on kickstarter and this is one that i'm most disappointed in. how many would back out knowing what you know now?
so... from what i understood we were supposed to get these in october.. any idea when we'll be getting these?  not too happy waiting this long...
thank you for being so understanding, chandan.  we will definitely keep all our backers updated.
thanks nancy,for messaging back to me. i do understand,there are various issues while designing a product. with what i gather,we are expecting the product to be delivered sometime next year.. i am a bit sad but ok with it,as along as you keep us informed.
thanks for the update,but again we are talking about lid and not shipping. when do you expect to ship it.
any updates
what happened? no communication and no omiebox. feels like a scam now.
any communication? hello?!
our current bento box is starting to bite the dust. hoping it lives till our omiebox is ready!
any updates please. it's nearly mid november
lol, great update.  but do you guys really write like davinci or did you just slop the video on mirror mode?
i would appreciate if it could be shipped before thanksgiving time.
hi, when is this ship? i hope it arrive first week of november. will this ship by then?
as part of the founders' circle, i was expecting "behind-the-scenes updates, input on product decisions (like colors!), and special offers and promotions".  any idea when i'm going to see any of this...???
krakukus: the survey didn't matter, just justified the founders of this product backing out of promised colors and blaming it on the people who wanted the color nearly identical to blue, green, to be made.  after i complained i got an email telling me how it's not their fault and i can have my money back instead.  now thanks to their survey people can have two colors that are almost the same and all the people who want yellow as seen on every advertisement, oh well.
krakukus: the survey didn't matter, just justified the founders of this product backing out of promised colors and blaming it on the people who wanted the color nearly identical to blue, green, to be made.  after i complained i got an email telling me how it's not their fault and i can have my money back instead.  now thanks to their survey people can have two colors that are almost the same and all the people who want yellow as seen on every advertisement, oh well.
any news?
i dm them and receive d answers. thank you for responses. there will be update soon.
are we receiving boxes in october?
krakucas, survey has been out quite some time ago. creator: update please? are you still on the track for october shipment ?
since we have again no updates and pretty much dead air, i posted a tweet to the @omielife twitter account in the hopes for a response - we'll see!
has the survey been sent out yet?
any update ?
thanks for the info on sporks. i have used knorks but not sure it's needed for this application. :-).
i believe everyone was supposed to get it by now.  check your spam filter just in case.
i haven't seen a survey yet. am i missing it?
@derek for those having trouble with the survey, especially on ios devices: i found that the items do get placed in the cart, you just have to hit the refresh button on your browser to see it (first item will work, second+ will look blank on the right where the cart should be). also if its not clear (a little confusing to me because of the layout) put all your names for your nametag stickers (if you multiple omieboxes) and other notes into the one additional notes area (you will not get separate notes for each item). and i think this is obvious, but all omieboxes will be priced as $49.99 in the cart, but using the provided code will give you the proper credit for the amount of items you pledged. hope that helps everyone.  took a bit to figure it out, but placed the order successfully on an ipad.
@elizabeth: i also did a search myself this morning and looked up some utensils. while i obviously don't have my box to know for sure, and assuming only one utensil will fit the holder at a time (from looking at the images), i  found these and thought they might work great seeing as they're 2-in-1! hooray for ending indecisiveness! i just don't know if the fit would be "right." http://www.amazon.com/light-fire-3-pack-spork-little/dp/b002vartow the company makes other "adult" versions of the product which include a small serrated knife on the outter edge of the fork (both in lefty and right-handed versions), but a couple of the reviewers on amazon said that littles were more comfortable for them because they didn't have the knife (and honeslty, i know i use a fork to hold my food i'm trying to cut ... if the knife is part of my fork, what am i using to hold the food? o.o). but their website is here: http://www.industrialrev.com/sporks/  if the other versions are of interest to you.
fellow backers - be warned that the trycelery website in the e-mail seems to have trouble on mobile browser (at least for me on iphone).
@elizabeth: not sure they replied to ou, but they sent me a message answering my questions about utensils. it wasn't really an answer to all my questions, but at least they provided some links to some available cuttlery. here's what they said: "okay on utensils. the holder is squishy, so it should work with most utensils. these worked well: http://www.diapers.com/p/the-first-years-take-toss-toddler-fork-spoon-flatware-multicolor-12-pk-6016 these worked well too! http://www.diapers.com/p/nuk-gerber-graduates-kiddy-cutlery-forks-girl-3-pk-27729 "
hello fellow backers... any updates on fulfilling our orders? seems to be radio silence and not sure if i'm just missing updates or something.
hi all. any answer to the silverware question?  i'm curious too.
congrats!
@alice don't change your original $117 pledge.  just mange your pledge and without selecting anything else, just add $10 to the total.  then send a note to the creator and they will add it on.
i just pledged $117 for 3 lunchboxes and want to add additional pledge of $10 for the cookbook but it won't let me. it just change my pledge amount to $10. pls help
i don't think everyone got a notice that there is an update, but check out update #10 as it asks for color input (a survey, but not the backer survey).
one more question: what kinds of utensils fit the holder in the box? like is there a specific brand we should look to get? or will anything work? (another thing i wish had been an add-on that i deff would have bought multiples of or even a stretch goal lol) i see the for in your picture is kinda thick with what looks like a rubbery side grip, so just wondering. also is there a way to store both a fork and a spoon? or just one or the other? will make lunch packing interesting. (jeez, you think i'd think of these questions all in one go instead of spamming comments. sorry!)
also wondering, since i'm not sure i see the answer anywhere, will the 2nd batch be delivered in time for christmas? i'm thinking maybe upping my pledge to 3 boxes to give one as a gift to my niece. i see that there's a tier for the 1 box second batch at 49. since i'm in the "first week special 2 box" tier would i up my pledge by 49 or by 39?
so how soon after the kickstarter will other colors be available in these? also, i was wondering  if you guys would be selling extra dividers and lids so that if they get lost/left behind, we might have extras on hand (i guess on your website since retail would be kinda hard). really wish you'd done that as add-ons, i know i would've bought like 2 extra lids and maybe 4 extra dividers for each box. maybe that would've helped push towards 200k :/
yay, 2000 backers!
just curious, do you guys plan to sell this outside of a kickstarter? i just pledged for one to try it out, but if i like it, i'd love to order more.  what will these cost retail?
@keyla you don't switch pledges.  keep your original pledge for the $29 omiebox and then just add $10 to the pledge amount.  then after the project closes, they will send out a survey and you can say what the extra 10 was supposed to go toward.  or you can send them a note now to confirm.  that's how it usually works on kickstarter.
i want to add the $10 pledge to my list but every time i do it, it changes my $39 pledge to the $10... how can i do it?
i better wait for the list of colors to choose ;-)
@oliver- if you look under the "details" link, you can read under the "specifications" section that the box is bpa- and phthalate-free. :)
can you please comment if these will also be bps free? http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/bpa-free-plastic-containers-may-be-just-as-hazardous/
pretty quiet here over the past 2 weeks - any updates to report?
how do i order more? i wanted to order 5 but was only able to order 4.
@jennifer sanders- my brother showed me the omiebox as a lunchbox idea for my 7-year-old daughter; i pack her lunches "bento-style" and have recently been searching for a leakproof hot container, so this fit the bill perfectly. we loved the idea so much that we wound up ordering four...one is for my daughter, the other three are for me and brothers!
i am so excited about this idea! i have a daughter starting kindergarten this year & have been concerned about the ability to pack her healthy hot lunches without a million tupperware containers! in preparation for my 3 year to one day go off to school i ordered 2 lunch boxes. now i'm tempted to order 2 more for my husband & i. could it be possible to never have to match plastic containers with lids again?!?!
@jenn specifics are usually handled via survey at the conclusion and funding of the project.  for now most project just say to make sure you have the right pledge amount.
so i'm backing this project and i don't have kids. i want this exact product but in darker hues of black, navy, dark red, gunmetal,...etc. this product seems useful for anyone that packs a lunch. thanks!
hi! i am excited be a backer for this project and have one question: i made my backer selection but wasn't able to select a color for my box, how do i make that selection? thanks, jenn.
well, looks like things are going along swimmingly here.  however i did want to inquire: you have a target delivery date of oct2014.  is final tooling and production ramp up ready and on-line to meet these delivery dates?  only asking because they will come up quickly after funding (which is obviously going through).
i didn't see the info, but is a utensil included?
i am so excited for this! my son is only 10 months old and i love the idea of being able to send him to day-care and school with something that i can provide hot/cold lunches for him! great idea!
@chandan visweswar: yes!  thank you!
hi i just pledged for a box. i live in australia. when do you want me to send the address in us for sending in the box. will it be at the end of your campaign when you send out for survey.
hi, i pledged $117 for 3 lunch-boxes. however, i live in australia but the lunch-boxes will be going to a new york address to a very, very dear cousin. of course the bill is my responsibility and i am willing to pay for any more charges if need be. would this be alright? i can notify you of the shipping address via email once the project is successful...and i can see it already is!!!
how can i add am additional pledge to get a third one? :-)
hi holly barr! we are excited, too! when our campaign is over, we will send out a color survey to all our backers. you will be able to choose which color you want then. thank you! :)
hi pinella! thanks so much for supporting. when our campaign is over we will send out a color survey to all our backers and you can choose which color want there. :)
hi jean han! thank you for backing!! if you want to add 2 more boxes to your pledge, you can increase your pledge by $78, and just send us a note/message letting us know you want 3 boxes total. thanks again. :)
hi there! i just pledged the $39 deal for 1 lunchbox and now i want to go back to pledge an additional $79 for the 2 lunchbox deal. it won't let me add another pledge. how do i go about buying 2 more? i have 3 children that will put great use to these lunch boxes :) jean
heard about this from my local twins' group.  excited to get it, but how do you select a color?  neither my so not daughter will eat out of the pink one.
we are so excited about getting our omiebox. it solves all of my lunch packing issues with having a child who doesn't eat sandwiches.  how do i pick a color? my son will not touch it if he gets a pink one.
thanks daedrea!
great product. i don't have kids or anything so i did the $10 pledge. i will most definitely share this though. congrats on making it to your goal. i hope to have the same success as well.
hi karina, thanks for reaching out!  unfortunately we are not doing international shipping right now for kickstarter.  there are different tests and regulations that are required of products for canada distribution.  since we're a small company just starting out we don't really have the resources to sell internationally yet. but please follow us on facebook or sign up for our newsletter (www.omielife.com) and we'll notify you as soon as we're in canada!
any thoughts on shipping to canada?
not really.  the only question is the cost of the forwarding which is dependent on weight and volume.
hi simon i think that could work!  is there any documentation we need to provide to your forwarder?
hmm - just thinking about the overseas shipping and wondering if using a freight forwarder might be an option.  omie ship to the forwarder and then on forward to me (my expense).,  i have an existing forwarder that i use.
what are the stretch goals to unlock purple?
thanks for helping us peter!
congratulations! you did it.
hi arckal - yes definitely!!
is it time for stretch goals?
wow gabrielle! we did it!!!! thanks everyone who pledged to help make omiebox come to life!
hi pily! at the end of the project, we'll send out a survey so you can choose your color.  thanks for the support!
yeah! we just pushed you to your pledge amount! we can't wait to get our boxes in october!
hi! just made the $39 pledge. wondering how i pick the color?
you were at 40,999.  i just raised my pledge $1 so that you'd be at an even $41,000. :)
thank you!
hi ashley! that's a great idea.  if there's enough interest then we'll definitely look into offering extra lids.  thanks for your feedback!
will there be a way to purchase extra lids for the hot/cold compartment? i'm worried with a 5yo at school by herself it will get thrown away or lost somehow.  thank you in advance! can't wait to get ours!
easy enough - pledge increased!!
hi derek! thanks for the support!  no, unfortunately we're not offering the cookbook with first week rewards levels but if you add $10 to your pledge we'll send you the cookbook with your 2 boxes!
hello - so excited to see this project getting noticed and funded!  one question: does the cookbook come with all rewards above $10?  i bought 2 boxes on the first week special and wasn't sure - thanks!
hi amanda, go ahead and put in the pledge amount for 4 boxes (either $156 or $196) and send us a message letting us know you ordered 4 boxes.  thanks!
how would i go about buying four omieboxes?
hi csue, yes omiebox is made of recyclable plastic and stainless steel.
hi, i'm assuming that this will be a "green safe" product?
hi aiki, the vacuum insulated bowl will keep food hot for at least 4 hours and cold for even longer! thanks!
hi su jin!  thanks so much for all your feedback, we really appreciate your interest and support in our product!  that's a great idea! we are hoping to add accessories to our product line in the near future but for now we're focusing our efforts are ensuring the quality and on-time shipment of omiebox. yes, we can tell and are so grateful for your excitement and enthusiasm! thanks again! :)
hi simon and shane! thanks so much for your interest! because we are a food product company, each country has it's own testing regulations. at this time, we don't have the resources to test for the different regulations, but we hope to expand our testing to ship internationally soon. we are working on it now so if you sign up for our mailing list at www.omielife.com we will email you when we start shipping internationally!
how many hours to the vacuum bowl keeps cold or hot?
also - maybe make a stretch target (60k) for example - to unlock adding utensils that fit into the box!  :) another thought (since i'm one of those canadians who would ideally have liked shipping to canada - but can at least deal with shipping to us since i live close by) maybe add international shipping but have a separate $10 international shipping pledge - definitely more work correlating the two or alternatively have a $49 pledge for one box + international shipping.  you might open yourself up to a whole lot more pledges! ha ha... can you tell i really want to get this funded so i get my boxes?  :)
totally with simon. please re-think overseas shipping.
hi - loving the concept - just wondering why no overseas shipping?  i am in australia and would be very interested in this - and you would get a lot of common support here as well.
loving it!!! look at it go!!!
hi su jin! after our project has ended we will email all our backers for color choices and to confirm shipping addresses.  thanks for backing us!
so excited! when will i be able to.choose my color?
i've backed this because i love the idea - i'm in canada but have a us mailing address for you to ship my boxes to when this goes through!  :d  i'm not sure how i send you my mailing address...
