hey guys, i still don't have these. have they sent out?
received. thank you.
i still have not received these.
have you sent these out to me yet?
i sent three pms last week and haven't gotten a response. i have not received the cards as yet not can i find that a tracking number was sent to me. could you please check your records? i'd like to get this taken care of.
i haven't received mine as yet
i still haven't received mine, have international ones shipped?
finally got my steel deck.. very happy thank you :)
did anyone receive their meeples yet? i just messaged cobey, and hope to hear back soon.
i've sent several personal messages abut missing items. have not receive any response. please check pm's. thank you.
finally everything has arrived apart from the steel deck.. im very happy with whats arrived so far :)
my .pack of cards have still not arrived. is there a specific problem?
i need help with mine...i think there lost?
steven, see your personal message for tracking. thanks
still nothing how about an update
the standard deck only arrived. stuff missing: super limited deck, deck of steel, gold and steel ace, poker chips, coin and meeple.
my deck of steel arrived yesterday and it looks f a n t a s t i c !  it's really heavy, too.  i like that the cards are individually sealed in plastic sleeves to brevent scratches during use.  i think i'll leave them like that until i can do some tests to see if they're scratch resistant enough to use them "naked."  great job ! ! !
my decks have not arrived and also i have not received any tracking information.
decks arrived in the uk today thanks, deck of steel is a masterpiece, looking forward to the next issue.
received my decks today. :)
i got my decks today and they are beautiful! everything is perfect. worth the wait. you rock cobey!!!
it's been a busy week so i'm slow to post, but is got my decks on the 8th in oregon. the decks look great and my 3 year old son says i found the coolest thing ever.
still waiting for something to arrive here in canada. :-d
cards are very nice. probably play with them this weekend. thanks.
@richard weiss, our goal was to get everything out in august like we planned in the kickstarter. we received all the items except for the supermeeples and so we held off on shipping for a few weeks to wait for it. the meeples were delayed, so we started to ship anyway. we are shipping now and are about 70% through shipping. you should see your cards very soon. thanks :)
can you please give us an update. i still have not received the original deck from the original pledge nor any of these add-ons i paid extra for: 5 home run decks: 2600, black and gold, zombie riders black, mini gold, and mini zombie riders black. this is getting ridiculous, where the heck are my cards?
i got my deck and the aces, but the meeple was missing.  :-(
is there any update coming?
got mine today, but the meeple was not in the box. also, the deck of steel only has 2 jokers, and is missing the 19xx version. was this card produced for the deck of steel?
we received the limited decks on friday and they look awesome! we are packaging orders and starting to ship.
have the limited decks come in?
i pledged both here and at the meeple project. will i get my meeple through them? i got my deck, which is totally awesome, but no meeple. :(
just curious, is my order waiting for the super luchador meeple and that's why they're getting to hawaii before i see my one deck in florida?
any canadians received theirs yet?
aloha. so you when i pledged my whopping $10 way back when, i understood that i would receive my deck august 2014.  well , well it arrived today all the way to the big island of hawaii. hurricane iselle couldn't delay my deck.  it is a beautiful set. it a gift for my brother. he is going to love it. you did a great job. mahalo
so your july 9 update said the cards were to be shipped to the fun factory the following week which puts them in your hands around july 16th. it is now almost 2 weeks later and still not a word from you on when we can expect shipping to start or when to expect our cards. come on dude, where's our cards? this comedy of delays is not funny.
hey cobey, any update on shipping? are the decks on their way?
lol!!!! that is just toooo funny!! thanks so much for the update!!
theresa, looks like you have the power of telepathy. because i was working on an update when you posted :) thanks!
any superheroes out there who have the ability to look into the future and find out what is happening with this project? or can send telepathic messages to cobey to provide us with an update??
hello?  can we get an update?
any updates?
hi cobey, please response my email thanks
congrats on the funding!
congratulations on your successful kickstarter cobey. :)
thanks everyone!!! you are all super!!!
@matthew thanks!!
added some decks, time to get a second job, mow some lawns, stand on the street corner....
the zombie rider decks are a zombie themed deck
what's the difference between the superlimited deck and the extra rider decks that you were referring to in your latest update?
put me down for the $22 and get 5 home run decks: 2600, black and gold, zombie riders black, mini gold, and mini zombie riders black
seriously?  i need to start saving up!
i think i would be in for that actually. superman steel deck, could be very cool.
@mike we are working on it.
i could only afford the regular deck with the metal aces.  this begs the question: what's the possibility of seeing an officially licensed superman themed stainless steel deck?
got me some chips, now what about the dip?
poker chip time!
i'd love a steel deck, but finance dictates!
yes!  every game of savage worlds supers is going to kick ass now!
@ ezekiel, awesome!
lovin the steel cards. they be perfect for my gambit cosplay
congrats.. steel for me please..
funded baby!!!
michael,  the cards are etched and painted. you can see the video of some of the sample cards at jeff's campaign: http://kck.st/j0wex9
oh!  one more question but i guess you really can't answer it unless you have a pre-production example in hand. how durable is the ink on the steel cards?  curious if it was baked/hardened onto the steel or printed as it would be on a traditional card. thanks! :)
how much are the steel decks and what is the process you'd like followed to claim them?
i would like a steel deck also. please let me know how to continue
i don't fb or tweet, but i do pinterest, so i pinned this deck of cards.  i hope it gets some interest for you. http://www.pinterest.com/pin/220817187954052094/
please give me a steel deck :)
jennifer, thanks!
brigid, yes, i got it and replied. thanks
i love the meeple
i just upped my pledge by adding $10 for another deck.
hey cobey, wondering if you got my message. thanks.
thanks for the feedback cobey, i'd love to see the other variations for the number cards
@ scott, thanks for getting the word out thats how these things take off, enthusiasm like that. you're great!
@ jhonatan & james: i have a few variations we have toyed with on the numbers cards. i will post them in an update for feedback soon. thanks
trying to help push these...posted up on the savage worlds community on g+ and reddit /rpg.  fingers crossed, some of us savages *really* want these cards.
@jhonatan, i think they look ok, but it would be very cool if they had minor variations in each frame though.  on the clubs, the eyes could look around and on the diamonds, the angle of the view could change like you were orbiting the planet.
i love the court cards, backs, jokers and theme. the aces are great as well. my only criticism is that the number cards seem cluttered and a little repetitive with having the same pic multiple times. idk if anyone else feels that way as well?
michael, i can see the add ons and people have been telling me when they add them. also the number released right now is low.
if the super limited deck is an add-on, how will you know when you have run out?
bryan, the signed and numbered decks will be signed on the box. the plastic will be opened and pulled down. after it's signed the plastic will be pulled back up.
bryan, if you backed the charecter meeples as we'll yes you do.
also for the signed deck, is it number and signed on one of the cards or on the deck or over the plastic sealed deck cover?
do you get the luchador meeple for backing the super limited deck?
and i think joker a is the one pulling away. lol.
joker a is definitely the way to go.
joker a
well, looks like that joker a better get some votes because joker b is pulling away :)
@dylan that is correct :)
joker a
so if we back your project for a deck and back meeple source's project we get the super meeple free?
definitely joker a
i like the colored joker, and joker a for the shinning skull.
joker a
both are very cool, i vote for joker a though.
that meeple is hilarious!
love the joker. color preferred!
super luchador meeple now on the loose!
@ jason yes!
@james and coastal pete thanks for the help!
@ellen wobrak - yes, it does!
does the 27 dollar pledge  give me a super limited deck and a regular deck right?
the way cobey has run projects in the past is that you will indicate on the survey what you've pledged extra for. the cape is awesome! i love these cards.
hahaha, super limited does have a cape. love it, changed my pledge. :)
fun looking deck. i think the kids will have fun playing, whatever it is they play, with these whilst we play poker. mainly showing support for home run games :) keep it up fellas, you guys are great.
just pledged for a signed deck and added to pledge for #4 decks of limited plus other addons.. is that all we have to do to let you know about the limited decks? :) thanks!
love the cape!
awesome idea with the cape :) also, do we have to tell u how many limited decks we've added? if so, i've added 3 :) hope this gets funded
