never received this or any update  can you look into this please  kevin
i haven't received my rope. i backed 1,000 usd.
i haven't received my rope. can u update me?
i haven't received my smart ropes yet and i backed your project in march 2015. please see to that my items will be shipped. thanks
한국에 있는 신민욱입니다. 아직까지 제품을 못받고 있읍니다.확인부탁드립니다.
@sophia, dave: very sorry to hear this, we'll look into your orders and get back to you promptly.
hi, i have not received my rope. can you please verify my shipment. dave downs
i never received mine and i emailed you at the email provided below and never received a response.  can you please contact me regarding when you will ship it?
supporters, we are not checking kickstarter regularly, but your comments should be getting to us via email. if you are not hearing back from us promptly for some reason, please email us directly at help@tangramfactory.com. thank you!
please provide an update please, i have never received product or a shipping notice
hi there, again, can you answer to my messages... you sent me by email and told me that you'll send me again my package, no news.  please, can you send it asap.  best regards  florian
can you make a facebook website version that is in english
@creator just unfortunately joining several orders about a missed delivery that went back your way (fedex left me a 4 hours to respond while i was at work before sending the package back) you have the details on my malls. hope you can solve this soon, looking forward to exercising with the rope.
@creator, just wanted to follow up on my previous questions (and your responses) and let you know that i have the correct handle placement now and it's working very well. i just hope none of my leds die as others have reported. also, i have an app request: can you add a boxing warm up routine? basically it's 3 min jump rope (the last 30 seconds are supposed to be fast jump roping) and then a minute rest period. this is repeated 3 times at least - each is a round of boxing. thanks!!!
the led display is not working. it displays some parts of the numbers so i only a few dashes are seen on the rope here and there so there's no way to make out what the count is or what the numbers being displayed are. what's the solution? trivikram
hi joen & team, i've had three of the led's die - what is the process to get this fixed? cheers, marcus.
hello, can you look my previous post, you contacted me by email and told me that you'll send me again my package, no news. please, can you send it asap. best regards ! florian
got my rope, one concern about the led, this seems to be there when jumping but very difficult to make out what the number actually is as i'm skipping. am i missing something?
dear smart rope, the app can't connect to the internet to be able to start. it keeps saying "requires a network connection" i definitely have a connection else how was i able to send this comment.
hi joen and team, i have backed the project and submitted the delivery details via a survey back in november.  there has not been anything delivered to me (hong kong) yet.  can you give me a status update on the package delivery timing?  much thanks!
hey just wanted to know if the product is shipped to me i have still not received it
hi guys, just curious as to when we might see the google fit integration? thanks, marcus.
how about the courtesy of a response by christmas?
how about the courtesy of a response by christmas?
hi joen, as per my emails of october i wasn't home to sign (i didn't know it would be coming as i didn't get any notices) when the package was delivered (fedex tracking number 781517161934), so the item was returned to you on oct 23rd (fedex return tracking number 774816939566). is it possible to arrange to have the item shipped so that a signature is not needed? for my purposes, delivery confirmation would be fine, or the item could be held at fedex (ups or whatever is also fine) until i can pick it up. my backer number is 977 and i would love to have my ropes for christmas .....
hi there, please i was contacted by fedex to pay tax, but i didn't receive the rope ! can you contact me on my email address to fix a new delivery ?! thank you in advance ! best regards, florian
hi there, i was contacted by fedex as the claim they couldn´t deliver my package. when i try to contact them about it they can´t find the package without the tracking id. i never got any shipping confirmation or id so i´m kind of stuck. please advice kind regards andreas
does the rope reach everybody? it has not yet come in my place. what should i do? ;)
@joen, there are times during interval training that the jumps count does not reset and continues from the previous set. another case is when the jumps count just "jumps" to a random number. for example the count is 55, 56, 57, then becomes 325.
got the following response from tangram factory (see email at bottom of message) after using the contact me button on the creator page: thank you for contacting us! we apologize for the delay in responding to your email. thank you for providing this feedback. your request has been sent to the proper department to review. the step that takes some getting used to is holding the smart rope at the correct angle. hold the handle with the power button in your left hand with the "smart rope" logo facing upward from your palm. the angle at which you hold this left handle will determine the angle of the led display. once you start jumping, if you find the display too high or too low, just twist the left handle slightly in your palm. after a few jumps you'll get accustomed to this easily! if you have any other questions or concerns, please let us know! kind regards,  gina tangram factory customer care support@tangramfactory.zendesk.com
it's the worst management i ever deal with, can't believe they sent me the package to the wrong address again after more than one month, clearly the operation didn't look at it & just thrown out the package with the wrong address. did the founder notices it or they don't really care after they draw the money ? 100 best design products and top worst management too. i got nothing more to say after this company and the key person joen choe seem don't care of it, never respond or apologize of what she caused to the pledger, feel regret to to give her support...........
@creator: i have an app request... can you add a training session where you are times for 3 minutes and then have a 1 minute rest period? and then repeat this 2 more times? this is pretty typical for boxing training. finally, i also have an issue where my display doesn't always light up in the area i expect it to depending how i'm holding the handles. has this been addressed?
hi. i emailed back in september about an address change and it now looks like my smart rope is lost in customs as i no longer live at the delivery address. any suggestions?
not to mention joan even respond my message, even emailing to  help@tangramfactory.com are not have answer either. what a team work.........
not to mention joan never respond my message, even i email to  help@tangramfactory.com are not answer either.
i been told my shipment has been shipped almost 4 weeks ago but up to today still got none, got a email from tangram factory gina that she suppose to rearrange another package but 3 weeks after, she even got dark no answer no respond. even though this is rate a best 100 design but this is the worst logistic & management ever, shipment has been late for months & make pledger to wait, so regret to support this team, totally disappointed with their internal management. worst pledge i ever had, is there anyone have the same treat like me or i'm the only lucky one ?
i have some feedback and suggestions after using my rope for a couple of sessions. first of all, i love it and can't really fault it, i think you've done a brilliant job and i've been showing it to everyone. the ball bearing rotations are wonderfully smooth, the leds display wonderfully and the app and pairing work great. i'm really impressed with it, and so is everyone i've shown so far. suggestions: 1. i think the calorie counter is too high - after an hour session the app estimated 760kcal burned, however my suunto hrm (chest strap, not optical) estimated 550kcal - that's a pretty significant difference. 2. some sound notifications in the app would make the whole experience perfect. i found that using outdoors in the afternoon sun, i actually couldn't see the leds on the rope, so to have the app recite your number every 10 skips or so would be the icing on the cake in a situation where the leds aren't visible. a buzzer in the interval training to let you know when to start would also be helpful. my only issue with the rope has been it switching off twice after about 30 minutes of use, even though it still had plenty of battery. this caused me to automatically "fail" my intervals that i was in the middle of, which was a little bit annoying. thanks for delivering an amazing product, i really love it and it has definitely been worth the investment for me.
hi joen, i have sent the following email to you twice before without a response. any chance you could respond at your earliest convenience? "hi joen, the shipping address i used is my summer home, so i wasn't there to sign when the package was delivered (fedex tracking number 781517161934), so the item was returned to you on oct 23rd (fedex return tracking number 774816939566). is it possible to arrange to have the item shipped so that a signature is not needed? for my purposes, delivery confirmation would be fine, or the item could be held at fedex (ups or whatever is also fine) until i can pick it up. thanks in advance and apologies for any confusion."
joen, when your product freezes (during use, when already successfully paired for 8 minutes recording my workout) and cannot be rebooted, it's now user issue? i would politely advise you against the " its the user's fault" route with your first launch.  i want the product i purchased to work as you advertised, on my standard iphone 6, i don't want a refund, i want a functional product.
@jason: thanks for your patience. often bluetooth syncing issues involve the sequence of devices being paired - whether smart rope is turned on and searching for pairing (when the power led is on and pulsing on and off) and then smart gym is in pairing mode, or vice versa. we are not implying the units you have are not defective. we are just pointing out that we've shipped tens of thousands of units without these issues, so there may be a small chance that they're not being operated correctly. either way, we are working to find a solution - either trying to sync properly, replace the units for new ones, or to offer you a refund. thanks.
hi joen. thanks. yes cs responded with a mail that they would do something, but didn't say by when, just that "someone" would get back to me after writing "no one has reported any led/app problems with their smart rope" , wow, i feel lucky now. i bought 2 ropes at the same time, thinking if one broke, i could use the other during replacement. today, smart rope #2 broke after 8 minutes. it gets stuck in bluetooth search mode, the app can't find it, the jump counter stops counting and cannot be shut off and then the app freezes so i needed to shut my power off/reboot to even use my iphone. i know this is kickstarter and we should expect prototypes and defective units, but 2 for 2 after less than a week is unacceptable, i'm sorry to be blunt and write that. please have someone who actually works for the company contact me, not your offshore outsourced call center, with an actual eta date for the replacement of the 2 units i bought both of which do not work as you advertised when starting this kickstarter campaign. this is an awesome idea for a product but execution is poor i'm afraid.
@adrian: we recommend indoor use or use on smoother cement. asphalt is quite rough for both smart rope and traditional jump rope. thanks.
@jason: you should have a message from customer service in your inbox. clearly your unit is defective so a replacement is on its way - customer service will follow up with tracking info. apologies for the inconvenience.
hi, no reply from customer support. app freezes due to repeatedly asking me to sign in, rope freezes now and goes until battery dies, led lights broke after 3 days usage. will i get a working product sent? please reply to my messages to cs. thanks.
i got mine, looks really cool, but i have a question about durability. will it be ok to use on concret road or asphalt road? or only can be used on pu?
got mine in the uk last week.  just got a follow-up bill from fedex for customs duty (the majority of which is their admin fee............gits). i went with the long rope, being 6' tall, and it's too long - unless i move my hands a distance away from my body..............not sure it's comfortable, but i'll see how i get on with it..... nicely built and lovely looking app...........
hi joen, thanks. like i said i am very very happy with the product and have posted it up on my fb page and encouraged my friends to get one. how do we proceed to swap it?
hi joen, got my rope thanks for the reply. few thoughts on it -  beautifully packaged the box and the rope bag are both very nice.  rope bag could have a handle on it, but that is just me being picky. the rope itself looks well made and the rope swing through skips is very fluid and smooth.  you have done a great job. love the app well laid out easy to use with some great features. i would encourage anyone to purchase this rope with confidence.  my only proviso would be the length like a few other people i have found the recommended length to long.  i am six foot (183cm) tall and got the long.  the extra length has meant my skipping has got much worse as the extra length keeps getting caught in my feet.  will be going back to the trusty leather rope for the time being and keep practicing with the smart rope. cheers stephen
@ nigel allen: please contact help@tangramfactory.com. thanks.
@ dominic lessard: please contact help@tangramfactory.com. thanks.
@ jason deluca: sorry to hear this - as you can see from other comments, this is certainly not normal. we have a full replacement warranty so we can arrange to send you another unit. thanks.
got my rope today after a delay in customs and a duty of $20. but all good. rope works beautifully!! thank you!
the led lights broke after 1 week and do not work at all. are you selling a product or a prototype here on kickstarter?
sadly im 176cm tall and my smartrope while ok for my girlfriend is too short for me, impossible to jump :\
hello there. i got my rope. i'm 5'8" so i got the medium as described. i don't know if it's me but i feel it's too short. is there anyway to extend it or replace ?  thanks.
received mine thursday, but haven't been able to really test it out yet, as i'm currently having back pains.  charged it and was able to sync with no issues.  engraved box an added plus.  glad i ordered it.  thanks!
received my ropes last week and tried it on the first day!  great product to get me back into rope jumping!  thank you!  just have to get used to the location of the logo so that the display is correctly displayed!
got mine this week. (in sweden) have size xl and i am 6'3" and length is more or less perfect for me. now i just have to trim angle to have "display" in good viewing angle. everything works fine, app stable.
after reading the comments below i ordered a s for my wife and a l for me. i, like others, am 5'11". the s is a lot better for me as the l is too long. is there any way of exchanging the l for an s.
my 2 ropes arrived in central australia. down loaded app to ipad and both work well.
@murdach, make sure u r holding the bar with smart rope brand name in your left hand as per latest update from creator, then rotate it slightly as u jump, u should see led display as u doing it.
how do you enable the leds?, they only flash on power up and shut down, am i missing something?
@ john helliwell: thanks john, we've heard two or three reports of this and our engineers are working on addressing it in a firmware update.
@ panagiotis tzam: that's correct, the last sentence makes it clear - backers must be responsible for paying customs. unfortunately every country has different customs regulations for different products, and it's impossible for us to manage these costs for every shipment.
@ stephen glasgow: sorry for the late response - your shipment is set to arrive tomorrow, 10/31. i'll send tracking info via message. thanks.
@ persinickity: sorry for the delay! i am having your shipment expedited (and making sure they include your pink soft grips). thanks.
@ trivikram prasad: apologies, for some reason certain emails are not getting to us. your order shipped on 10/29 and is scheduled to arrive 11/4. i will send you tracking info via message. thanks.
hi joen. ignore my message below... turned up today :)  one quick issue though - when the rope powers up it true me it's low on power (led is red  and the app reports low power) however when i plug it in the charging led only displays green indicating it's alreadt fully charged. any ideas?
my shipment arrived in greece from us and the company wants me to pay now custom expenses!! the only reason i decided to back this campaign was because i saw the following in the faq section: what about international shipping? we will be using shipwire’s advanced inventory, warehousing, and shipping tools to help ensure timely, affordable shipping anywhere in the world. while final shipping costs will be dependent on the final weight and dimensions of the product, we anticipate a $5 shipping charge for us customers. european orders will ship from the shipwire facility in london, asian orders from the hk facility, us orders from chicago, and so on. if any customs charges are incurred, backers will be responsible for them. last updated: thu, feb 26 2015 4:25 pm +02:00
hi joen.  i've emailed 3 times and haven't had a reply (checked my spam box multiple times) can you please let me know when my rope is shipping ?
anyone in vancouver bc looking to trade a medium rope for a large?
hi sent an email to support on monday, still haven't heard back.  any news on my delivery?
i just got mine today. charging it now. will use tomorrow. it looks great. packaging is simple and elegant.
they responded to my email a day later (yesterday) and said it should be shipping, but still no tracking email.  that's ok, though, as long as its shipped. can't wait!
i've sent a few emails to help@tangramfactory.com but haven't heard back in over 5 days now. just need to know a tentative shipping date.
thank you so much :) due for delivery today, hooray, i can't wait to use it!
@alicia - sorry for the email issues, not sure why yours hasn't come through. but your package shipped 10/24 and is scheduled to arrive 10/28. i'll send you tracking info via private message. hope you enjoy it!
i'm still waiting on any kind of news regarding shipping of my rope... i sent an email requesting information but haven't had any response. i'd really appreciate some kind of update about shipping of my rope, thanks.
vernon, kevin  same here. the rope is about 4-5inches too long for me.  my solution is to tie a knot near each handle and that works great for me.
as a wee follow up, i think you need some stronger material on the led part of the rope, i've done less than 100 jumps and its already showing signs if wear. i might not be the best jumper, but its inevitable that that part of the rope is going to hit the ground every now and again.
hi, received mine yesterday, very nicely executed design. i'm 6'1" and the large is okay for me. led test works but i haven't seen the numbers display in the air it seems like the leds don't come on at all when jumping... smart gymapp works fine on my iphone6, and it is counting jumps fine. just concerned i'm not getting the air display???
just received mine in the uk, no customs charges to pay which was a bonus.  i'm 6'3" and went with size l and i would say it appears a little longer than i would normally use.  i'll see how it goes tomorrow when i use it in anger for the first time.
received the package yesterday. it is awesome!!! very well crafted.  exactly as shown in the video.  i was prepared to see something not that shiny as in video.  most products are usually less good as in commercial.  this one is exactly the same as description. even in bright room, the display is crystal clear.  this is the best one i have backed on kickstarter.
hi, i got my smart rope and have been excited to use it all week. i had a problem tonight though, it too several attempts to get the rope to connect to my nexus 6 phone. after connecting to my android using the smart phone app, it still doesn't show in the bluetooth connection menu on my phone. i figured this may be a firmware issue, but the firmware update fails with a "gatt conn timeout". will this be addressed in the app update?
same with kevin, i went with the specifications provided, but find that the large rope is too long for me.  i'm 5'11.
i got my smart rope in the mail friday!  thanks.  it is to long!  from what the specifications sent to me i choose the large.  it is  3-4 inches to long.
ropes arrived, very easy to set/charge and use. having a counter makes you jump faster, i noticed my pace was much quicker when i knew it was being counted, very cool piece of gear. > the cap over the charge port doesn't really fit when you try and place in back in. > the silicon covers slip off really easy (we are sweating remember), so i'll just use sports tape on the handles. > the led does not blink/display consistently and it goes by really fast so you'll need to get used to it. and you'll need to be in a relatively dark place as it's not very bright. > the calorie calculator needs to be updated and fixed, it is way to high. you are not burning for example 765 calories after just 15 minutes of a fast paced session. i'm athletic but not burning at that rate, wow. overall this is a really fun way to track your jump sessions, compete/brag, with friends and a great method to get people who are not really able to run (due to time constraints or space, or kids at home), into jumping rope, which is great cardio training.
@joen-i dont know if help@tangramfactory.com will receive my email. so i mailed to help@tangramfactory.com first and reply from survey message too. and here again, please change my name to tai-lin chen.   thanks again, really looking forward to my rope.
@joen got mine today! thanks!!!
@joen thank you for updating.  exciting and looking for it.
thx joen.  something to consider... at the end of the week, post the backer numbers that have being dispatched each.  then people can guesstimate how for away theirs is, or drop you a note if you've gone past their backer number without receiving shipping info. btw - this is assuming you're sending out in that sequence :)
apologies for the delays in getting shipping info to you. i'm not sure why certain emails aren't reaching customer service, since we've been receiving and answering questions normally. i'll try my best to address specific questions here, but please try help@tangramfactory.com first since they have the best access to shipping status and so on. @jingyu - your order shipped 10/22, i will send you tracking info via kickstarter message.  @adrian - your order was ready 10/15, but it looks like shipment was delayed because you entered a name with non-latin characters (the fedex system won't accept this). please send a name with latin characters (english spelling) to help@tangramfactory.com. @john - your order was ready 10/16, let me inquire about the delay. @marcus - your order shipped 10/20, i will send you tracking info via kickstarter message. @andy - great suggestion, i'll post an update now and address your coating issues there as well. thanks!
i have been using the smart rope for about a week. really love the strength of the rope. however, it's annoying that the coating peeled off after every usage, leaving marks all over  white marble floor. any solution for that? btw, creator you should consider posting a update on all the tips for initial setup, like logo facing up, which handle to hold with left hand
@adrian - i know, i'm in the same boat with the unhelpful desk ;)  but seriously, lets cut the guys some slack - this is a kickstarter and to be honest, a delay of weeks isn't too bad.  i'm dead keen to get the smart rope too - but it is exciting to see other people actually getting theirs!  ours can't be too far away.
same as adrian.  i've emailed customer services a couple of times (as suggested by joen in the comments section) and haven't heard back.  i think i'm backer 480ish (i could be wrong - not sure i know exactly how to tell). please let me know when i can expect my rope.
another week passed, still not get any email from customer service, i am #1859 backer. my first email to help@tangramfactory.com was on 10/18. of course, not get any email about the shipment, feel like to be fogotten.  how many people do you have in customer service department?
@joen thank you for response.  really looking forward the smart rope.
@ jingyu xu: yes, we received your help request yesterday and the customer service team will be getting back to you shortly. thanks.
@joen as per you, i have sent two emails also posted here the day before.  no any response yet.  since i am seeing you are replying others, hopefully this note will bring your attention so you may let me know the status.  thank you.
as covered in our campaign, we did not include a charging cable because most people have access to a standard micro usb cable (it's the typical cable for all android phones and most tech accessories). @jel - the central portion of the rope is coated in polyurethane and the surface will peel after use - this is normal and does not affect impact resistance or the tech inside. the polymer blend we're using is designed to be flexible and lightweight but also malleable and shock proof for the leds inside. thanks.
i just received mine, however there was no charger included. how are you suppose to charge it?
@krystal - i didn't get a charging cable either, but i have plenty of micro usb cables hanging around. i got my smart rope on tue of this week and i'm on the west coast. @creator - i tested out the smart rope for 17 jumps on my hardwood floor and already the coating is coming off. is this going to be a problem? i wasn't planning to use this on my floor, but considering how you supposedly tested this on concrete, i was thinking it would be a lot more durable.
i just got my smart rope today. i received the box which contained the zippered pouch and rope. i was wondering why there isn't a charging cable included. how am i supposed to charge it?
joen, i am the no.1303 backer. when my order will be shipped out?  haven't received any email yet.  do i need send you my address or any other information again? if yes, pls let me know what kind of extra information you need
for shipment inquiries, please email help@tangramfactory.com - it will speed things up quite a bit with the customer service team. thanks!
any chance i could be updated as to when these will be shipping to the us (specifically the northeast)?
hello - i haven't yet received my rope either. can someone from customer service please follow up with me?  thanks!
any updates on the shipping dates to india?
@joen thanks for the tip! i was using it wrong!
@kyle - thanks for the feedback, the history bug is a known issue and we will be updating smart gym shortly to address it.
@dan - the led display needs to be at the correct angle, which is determined by the angle of how you hold smart rope in your hand. the handle with the power button needs to be in your left hand, with the smart rope logo facing upwards from your palm. once you start jumping, you can turn the handle slightly in your left palm to see the display lower or higher. you should be able to get the hang of it with just a few jumps - everyone has a different height and pov and a different jump stance, so it takes a bit of initial adjusting. thanks!
gor my smart rope, charged and synced, but the less dont display anything while jumping. am i missing something?
ios app recording jumps but doesn't keep any history in the progress or interval workout menus.
@tianzhi - very strange, sorry to hear that! we will send you instructions for sending back your defective unit back to us, and we'll replace your smart rope promptly. thanks.
i just received the smart rope though fedex today, but after 2 hours charging, i still cannot get the led working, even i turn on the led test within the ios app (it can sync to my iphone successfully). so i am wondering if you can send me a replacement for the rope? thanks.
@dirk - thanks, improvements to the android version are being worked on as we speak! sync with google fit should be implemented very shortly.
just got my rope (belgium), it looks great, charged it and tested it, works great!!! the app is still buggy, need some improvement there and a connection with google fit would be great!
@persinickity - i will have customer service follow up with you directly, sorry for the delay.  @kevin - great to hear it, thanks for the awesome feedback! @per - i will have customer service follow up with you, sorry for the lack of response.  @jason - all orders ship from california, not korea. i will have customer service send you the status of your order.  @sydney - glad to hear it! sometimes the power button led won't turn on unless it has a bit of a charge first.
for those that have received it already, did you get a tracking number first? or did some show up without prior tracking info?  she said all us orders were shipped, but i still don't have any tracking.. just wondering.  thanks!
got my rope yesterday and it is amazing.  the app makes tracking easy and the display is bright and clear.  took a little learning to orient the handles correctly for the display but once i figured it out it's easy to repeat.  already have a full workout on it and it's great!!!!
hi, have mailed you a couple of times on help@tangramfactory.com but with no reply, please confirm that you have received my mails and address looking foreward to receving my smart rope
no update, no messages. if these are coming from korea than here in japan we are like 3 hours away. when are you shipping?
i think we figured it out.
we fully charged ours and nothing is happening...
us orders should be complete, and international orders should be shipped out this week. please email help@tangramfactory.com if you have questions about your order. as covered in the campaign, smart rope charges with a standard micro usb cable. because most people have access to this cable (all android phones and most general computer accessories use micro usb), we didn't include it to save costs. friends who use smart gym and sync to facebook will automatically appear in competition. thanks!
have shipments been made to canada?
just got my rope it looks awesome. but is there supposed to be a charger in the box?
are those of us that ordered one with a box going to be last? i sure hope not.  i've been waiting soooo long to get this.
just got ours! are we supposed to charge it? it doesn't have a charging cord with it...
how do you add friends for competition. can't figure out how to search for my buddy
received mine today.
just got my smart rope and have been using for few hundred jumps. i am blown away by how awesome it is! led is bright and very legible, and the app works flawlessly! great job!
hello. i keep trying to update firmware but i keep getting disconnects. is this normal?
are there any people in taiwan have recieved tracking no. or already got their smart rope?
received mine just now, in hong kong. nothing happened after pressing the power button. charging it now and will test it tonight.
almost one year,i'm still waiting for my smart rope
australian here (backer number 210) also still waiting for a shipping notification... it seems like us residents got shipping priority as opposed to survey response order as mentioned (i responded to the survey within 6 hours).
why was my order cancelled?!?!
received a shipping notification email on thursday, just received it at my door today (as others have mentioned it does need a signature so i'd recommend making those arrangements). charging now!
got my 2 today, in the us. fyi, fedex will not deliver unless there's a person to sign for it.  hopefully i'm charging one of them. i see no lights to indicate anything.
charging mine up as we speak.  norcal, fyi.
if "all orders" were supposed to be shipped out a few days ago, shouldn't we all have tracking numbers by now?
@mark: we've posted several times and sent direct emails to all backers. again, you will receive an email with tracking information once your order ships. of course we can't supply tracking info until your order actually ships. thanks!
i got my tracking information on october 15 and it is due to arrive tomorrow. i installed the app on my iphone in anticipation. my tracking email came from help@tangramfactory.com and included a fedex tracking number that indicates that is was shipped from gilroy, ca.
i didn't aware there is a mail in my spam box until 3 days ago, then i immediately replied that; however, so far no response at all. kindly advise what should i do?
surprised by the lack of updates from the creator at this final phase of the process. no sign of tracking information here.
how about the shipping dates for backers in india? haven't got any notification yet.
how come i still not receive my shippment info? i live in taiwan, please respones !!
got my shipping notification for delivery tuesday october 20th 2015 (live in dallas).  backed project feb 25th 2015.
the smart gym app is available on google play and the app store, like any other android or ios apps. thanks!
same.  mine arrives tuesday as well. i wish they would give us the link for the apps....
just received confirmation my smart rope shipped today and will be delivered 10/20
backers, all orders will ship out either today or tomorrow. if you have any specific questions about your order, please contact us at help@tangramfactory.com. thanks for your patience.
hey is anything shipping anytime soon?
hello i am still waiting for my smart rope also. i've been checking my inbox, spam, etc. every few days, but there's been no shipping notification. it looks like some other backers have been waiting as well. when are the rest of the shipments going to be made? does anyone else know?  thanks!
just got my shipping notification last night!  (muncie, in) it is due the 19th!
would you kindly send an update on what's going on with the shipments?
only update for design good best 100, what about no shipment no answer, what's the point ?
tracking number, no!! send email, no answer......how nice !!!!
shipping update???
hello, where can i contact you ? as i didn't receive any news from shipping my rope and still waiting for it !! i am in france, paris, i did invest in your project once you start it... and i would really like to see the color of the rope you owe me :) thank you
it's true ... it starts to get along.
kinda sad i can't take my jump rope with me on vacation.
@kate it was suppose to ship last week. but it looks like they have delays of some kind, as i'm pretty sure no one has received their tracking number yet.
when does the smart rope ship? i thought it was shipping in august?
how do i update my shipping info for the smart rope order?!
any news?
@marion: yes, we support android 4.3 and up. thanks!
hi i would like download these app  and i can't do it ( because i m on huawei android 4.2.2 version). so, when i want install it i read"this application is not compatible with your device" do you know why ? must i do a update ?
hi i would like download these app  and i can't do it ( because i m on huawei android 4.2.2 version). so, when i want install it i read"this application is not compatible with your device" do you know why ? must i do a update ?
hi, i would like dld and install these app but i  can't via google store( 'cause i on huawei android 4.2.2 version ) when i dld i read " this application is not compatible with your device" thk!
hello all - rest assured that kickstarter (and pre-orders on tangramfactory.com) will ship before any other orders, despite seeing them advertised on other sites. the latest info i have from the warehouse is that kickstarter orders ship this week. thanks again for your patience. as you read from our emails to you, we wanted to ensure that everyone updated their shipping info and provided phone numbers for fedex. as you can imagine, thousands of individual orders take some time to process correctly. once your order ships, you will receive a shipping confirmation email with tracking information. one quick note about retail pricing. as a manufacturer, while we can suggest retail pricing (msrp), it's ultimately up to the retailer on how to price their product. membership-based websites can offer discounts to their members, and these prices are not made public. we are confident that the pre-order pricing we offered will not be matched by any current retailers, since they were designed to specifically reward our earliest supporters. thanks again.
will we get tracking info when shipped?  can you give us an idea of who's have shipped so far, if any?
my friend just placed an order on tom.  i will be very upset if he gets it before i do.
it's $69 on tom but that doesn't include to rubber covers.  i agree i am not happy with seeing it on tom and not having mine.  shipping said 3-4 weeks so i am hoping to see mine soon too
i still havent recived my rope but you are selling it for less then i paid for it elsewhere online? just got an email offering it for $69 on touch of modern.
any idea when you guys are going to start shipping? can't wait to get started!
sorry for the confusion - you can update your surveys with your phone numbers under 'special instructions,' or you can just email us at help@tangramfactory.com. thanks!
there is no option to put in phone number in either the profile or survey edit. help please!
for all of you trying to update address info, i think they meant in the survey, not your profile.  if you go to your backed projects and go to view all, then click on this project, a box will pop up and you can click on the survey there to see your previous responses and edit your address there...
i tried to update my profile as well to ensure correct address but there is nothing in the edit profile. it just has name and city location that is editable.
@kevin cronin, try the upper right corner of the web browser.  you should see your avatar and a green ball.  press that button, and under settings, you will see your edit profile.
received email to update address and phone number on profile, there is no place to do that. help please.
anyone know where to update our kickstarter profile? i can't find a phone number or address place.
hello all, we're getting ready to ship shortly. the main challenge is that we need to reach out to everyone and check for any changed addresses, secure phone numbers, and so on. you should receive an email in the next day or two about this, and orders will ship in the order that survey responses were received. i know it's not happening as quickly as we'd like, but we're nearly there! thanks.
update please?
any update on this? eagerly awaiting my smart rope :)
hi. do you have already sent smart rope to europe (slovakia), or are there any delays? i am looking forward already to jump... :) thank you.
@soonhwan, if you are using an iphone app, you can get your backer number by pressing i the blue "view pledge" button.
seems i did not hv any update? may i ask for your help on this ?
kickstarter backer number * 넣어 달라고 하는데,  '아무리 찾아봐도 backer number를 기입해 주십시오. (개인정보 중 #숫자 로 되어있는 번호입니다.)' 를 찾을수가 없습니다.
very excited to finally get my smart rope! any idea how much longer we will be waiting? congrats on an amazing product and successful kickstarter! :)
can't wait!! this will be the year i finally get myself back together... i got a pebble time steel watch to help keep track of some things.. i also just bought a misfit shine for some tracking.. i'm also getting the hidrateme smart water bottle off ks to keep track of water intake.. and this jump rope.  i've already started walking, plus my kids are starting soccer again now, which means i'll be out of the house a lot more again after work, so no more excuses.  these things sure do help build motivation!  can't wait to get the smart rope.
korean backers - we need your phone numbers to deliver your packages. you should have received an email from us asking for this information. if you can't find the email for some reason, please reach out to us directly and provide your shipping address and phone number to customer@tangramfactory.com. @minseong: you haven't filled out the kickstarter survey yet. you need to fill out this survey for us to know the size, color, shipping address, and other information required to process your order. thanks.
한국은 언제쯤 제품 받을 수 있나요?
minseong just commented that he saw the smart rope at an "off shop" yesterday, and would like to know when we could expect to receive our rewards.
어제 off shop에 스마트 로프 package를 볼수 있었습니다.  언제쯤 제품을 받아 볼수 있는지 문의 드립니다.
thanks a lot joen i changed it, i m eager to receive it and start :)
i'm sure this has been asked before, but will there be a pebble watch app?
한국입니다. 언제 제품 받아볼 수 있나요
@dirk thanks for that - downloaded the app too.  the app looks neat (though the hot pink makes my eyes bleed lol) @creator definitely a +1 for google id & fit integration; dynamically update weight and upload exercise (count, calories & time). super excited to get these!
@marion: the shipment schedule is based completely on the production schedule, which can change quite regularly during this initial run. our latest estimates have us delivering the week of the 14th. shipping to europe will be via ups or fedex, so it should be a few days after we have the product in our warehouse. and yes, you will be responsible for duties or custom charges. thanks.
hi! i've few questions : when the first shipments will begin? what are the delivery delay for europe (france) and are there any customs charges? thx!
@jasmine: thank you! looking forward to getting smart rope to you soon. @andreani: login to kickstarter > click on your user icon (top right hand corner) > select 'backed projects' then 'smart rope' > update your shipping address @james: yes, our logistics provider will outline all costs for customs. @persinickity: our latest schedule has us shipping from korea on 9/8, which means most shipments will start on 9/12. @dirk: great comments, thank you. please email help@tangramfactory.com with your device and android version.
and because of that, the settings are never stored second thing i saw is the login, when i want to login the only option i have is with my facebook account, i personaly don't like facebook, please add other options like google+ or your own login system to the options third thing i see is a sync with samsung s health, can you add also a google fit option there ? regards dirk
hello joen, i installed the smart gym app i found in the google play store, i guess it is still beta but i wanted to make some remarks. the app crashed allways when i change the settings (personale information) and bec
any idea on ship dates yet?
please can you ensure you fill out the customs details for shipping to the uk in full please, especially the shipping costs.  if you leave the shipping costs blank they use a default amount which is way above any actual shipping cost, this results in unnecessarily large customs bill.
quick question, i just moved and would like to change the adress for the shipment of my smart rope (but cant find where to) can you help me ? thanks
i m looking forward to the smart rope !!
@brico84: great question! we are well-prepared for the volume, with at least 10k units ready to ship out in this first shipment. so the shipment will just go straight from the factory to the shipping warehouse, directly to our backers. i will keep everyone as informed as possible once i have concrete dates to report. thanks.
some projects take several months from begining shipment to ship out all the items.  there are 2180 backers, but not sure how many smart ropes. based on your resources, how long from when you start shipping do you expect to have all units shipped?
@neil: we are on schedule to begin in september. i don't want to update our backers until i have a concrete date on clearing customs and so on. thanks!
hi, just wondering if there is any update on when the smartrope will start shipping? thx
@alex: cool, thanks! @william: we have your survey response. to check, login to your kickstarter account; click on your icon, in the upper right hand of the screen; select smart rope in your "backed projects" and see your survey response. thanks.
how can i check if i have response the survey or not?
you guys should give one of your jump ropes to this guy - https://gopro.com/channel/videos/jump-rope-tricks . would make a great commercial
@sang: thanks, we can't wait to get these out to our earliest supporters! for sizing, typically a shorter rope will be faster and a longer rope will be slower. so if you're an experienced jumper, sizing down may be better; for beginners, sizing up could help. @jamie: this is covered in a previous update - to update your address, login to kickstarter, click on your user icon in the top right hand of the screen, select backed projects, and update your smart rope shipping address. thanks!
i will be moving in the coming week, may i send someone an updated address to receive my rope?
would my wife and i be able to share the medium size jump rope?  i am 5'10.5", she's like 5'4" it'd be good to be able to share between us two. can't wait for this thing to arrive.  i might have to change my survey to medium if it'd be workable.
@zeus: hi there, this change has been updated on your order. we're focused on ios and android for launch, but we'll keep you posted on apple watch as soon as we have an update. thanks!
hi, joen...  wonder if i can change my order from 2 large size ropes to 1 large and 1 medium. talked my (short) wife into a competition. also, any updates on the apple watch app?
yes....please....what jennifer said :)
any chance of these shipping early?? i can't wait to get mine!
@aldert: we agree, kickstarter should make this easier to find! first, you need to login to your kickstarter account. once you login, you should see a small icon at the top right corner of the page. click on that to reveal a drop down menu, where you can select your backed projects. click on smart rope to see your survey response, or update your shipping address. thanks.
following the instructions i have been searching left and right as well as scrolling up and down but nowhere i can find the survey link ... who designed this, impossible ?! help please ;-)
@quentin: you responded to the survey, back on april 20. thanks! @edward: yes, we received your survey. but you backed us for the $75 reward, which is 1 smart rope + 1 pair of soft grips. the tote bag is for the $30 reward tier. thanks!
have you guys received my survey? also i never received the tote bag from you guys
can you advised on how to get a survey. i mustve deleted that email?
@drew: we haven't forgotten about registering backwards jumps - but on the long list of priority projects, this won't make it in time for the initial release. however, the team does inform me that it's relatively straightforward and it should be included in an early firmware update. we have a lot to accomplish and we want to get the product released on time (if not earlier), so we needed to make some difficult decisions on what to prioritize. thanks.
any update on jumping rope in a backwards motion? during the campaign (before i pledged), i asked if you would be able to swing the rope behind you instead of in front. i was told it would be easy to do, but i haven't seen any update or question about it. i assume this could be important for other users too.
@carmen: you can update your address on your survey, or you can send your new address to us via direct message. thanks, and good luck with the move!
hi! i'm not sure if this has been raised before but i am moving house at the end of july. therefore the address i gave you initially will be wrong. how do i change the delivery address to a new one? thanks
@jennifer: we know exactly what you mean! it's tough to stay motivated, and there are a million other things vying for our time. with this in mind, we designed smart rope to be easy to use anytime, anywhere - rain or shine, even if you've only got five or ten minutes, you can get a really great cardio workout. our smart gym mobile app will keep you going by rewarding you as you get better, as well as letting you compete with your friends - some positive peer pressure can go a long way when it comes to exercise. thanks so much for your support!
i've been terrible about exercising lately.. even just walking.. but i'm really excited to get this.  i think it'll help boost my motivation again.  i want to get back into better shape, and i definitely think this will help.  can't wait!!
@brico84: thanks! we are already scheduled to support android fit and apple health, as well as a specific app for apple watch.
one vote for android fit, and apple heath over mfp.  more universal and stable.  it's built right in to the os's
i'm wondering if you can tell me the part number of the semiconductor chip ypu're using inside. i speculate it's not a big secret, but if it is then can you tell me privately? it will die with me ;)
@kristina: we are starting very initial discussions with under armour, so we may be developing integration with myfitnesspal in the future. however, we do see many reports of sync issues with fitbit, misfit, and other wearables with mfp. it may be a better move for us to sync across devices via apple healthkit or android fit. we'll keep you posted.
will the application for the smart rope sync to the myfitnesspal app?
hi!  i also really regret i didn't pledge enough for a wood box. i ordered two ropes. is it possible to still get boxes for each rope? i wanna pay additional fee if it is possible. please let me know.
yes, we are on track with our original schedule: production starting in august, shipping in september. naturally we are doing everything we can to try and deliver earlier, but we also need to allow for thorough testing and quality control at every step in the process. we will continue to update you as we progress. thanks!
what when shipped? tell us your schedule.
never mind found the answer "august/september". unfortunately kickstarter won't allow a user to delete their comment.
i apologize in advance as this question may have been answered numerous times, when is the estimated shipping date for the ropes?
@iselin: sending you a private message, we'll see what we can do!
hi! i really regret i didn't pledge enough for a wood box. is it possible to still get one?
@creator ok i will stick with large thank you
@brian: generally speaking we'd recommend large if you're a beginner, medium if you've been jump roping for a while. you also need to take your typical form into consideration - whether you jump with your arms wider apart (large) or closer together (medium).
@creator on the survey i put large, and i am 72 inches. was wondering if i should change it to a medium so that later on it will be good still or stick with the large? thanks.
@lynn: hi, just send me a direct message with the correct info and we'll update it. thanks.
by an april 22 email i was asked to confirm the information i placed in my kickstarter survey for the smart rope. i wanted to make a change. i clicked at the bottom "notice a problem? just head here." so i did and it gave me error 404. i was unable to edit my information but i would still like to make a size change. how might i do so?
@김형진: no, you should have received a private survey message. all order info is taken via kickstarter survey. thanks!
배송을 위한 정보를 여기에 그대로 코멘트를 남기는 건가요?
@david: hi david, all smart ropes for kickstarter are finished in chrome. we needed to keep inventory management simple for this first production run to keep costs down. our goal is to reward our earliest supporters with the best possible price. any pre-orders made later (on our direct commerce site) are only available at the higher $70 price. thanks.
hi joen i noticed on your website that black handles will be available. i would prefer these and happy to wait longer if need be to receive a set with black handles. is this possible?
hi gaku, some people have special instructions for us. for example, some people wanted the custom wood box with a set of soft grips, so they pledged at a higher level. they can use the special instructions space to notify us.
in survey,what is special instructions ?
how i really wish the rope length options come in half sizes of 3 inch difference instead of 6 inches, at least between the medium and large options. to me, one very important factor to enjoying a jump rope is getting the ideal rope length. it is like buying running shoes in the right size. too big or too small and one is going not going to get the best of out it, regardless the technology. i am 1.79m and currently i have 7 jump ropes and they are all around 105 inches (8ft 9in). i understand the creator's limitation in length options. but sigh, i am in pain over this.
@austin: this change has been noted on your survey response. thanks.
@creator in my survey i just did an hour ago i put large. i'd like to change that to medium, but i can't change anything else on the survey except the address.
@austin: it really comes down to your skill level and jumping style (narrower vs. wider stance). but if you're serious about jumping rope and anticipate getting better, you'll probably want the faster rope (medium).
i am 69 inches. i am really torn between getting the medium or large. i am 24 yrs old so i don't think i won't be growing anymore, but i plan to use the rope for a while and surpass the beginner status (if i even am).
@creator thank you very much for the clarifications! let me think about it: )
@hirohito: i'm afraid rope length can't be adjusted because of all the tech that goes into smart rope. we need to embed the leds and flexible printed circuit board into the rope itself so it's impact resistant, and then the circuit board is connected to magnetic sensors in the handle that track jump completion and speed. if you've been jumping rope for a while, it's better to go with a smaller size since a longer rope will be slower. you can change your size, just message us. @ted: if you're already jumping rope, it's probably better for you to go with the smaller size. the rope we use needs to accommodate the leds and may be slightly thicker than steel or plastic cable, although reviewers find smart rope extremely smooth and easy to 'drive' because of the ball bearings and angled design.
i'm really confused as to which length i should pick.  my current rope length which is perfect is 9'2".  i am 6'2".  the large may be too small, and the extra large may be too big...
is it possible to fine-tune or adjust the length of rope in respect to its predefined size? i'm in-between height according to the size chart and picked smaller size in the survey as i prefer narrow stance. but after a while, i have started to ponder if i should have chosen bigger size.
@ eric castle: thanks for your support! smart rope has been tested by fitness professionals and double unders are fully supported. the magnetic sensors track both completion and speed of each jump accurately. criss cross jumps are also tracked accurately, but of course the leds will be crossed so the display will be affected during that particular jump.
i am very excited about this smartrope. i was wondering if the rope has been tested for any jump roping tricks (criss-cross, double unders, etc) and how the rope stood up to those and with the led lights? i like to do some tricks some times as well. thanks!
@peter: this was covered below, so i'll paraphrase here: rope sizing isn't a precise science as we have to take the jumper's mechanics and form into account. but generally speaking, if the user is a beginner with a wider stance, we'd recommend sizing up. if the user is more advanced with a narrow stance, we'd recommend the smaller size. longer ropes are slower and accommodate beginners better. thanks!
in the survey, notice the medium length 8"6 is for 5ft 5in to 5ft 9in.   i am 5ft 8in.  googled and most site says 9" rope is ideal for my height.   should i get a longer rope? or stick with the recommendation on the survey?
@aston: yes, there are photos in the updates section and also on our pre-order site, www.tangramfactory.com. thanks!
any pictures for the colors of grip?
@antony: thanks for your message. as you've seen in the updates section, our second prototype has already been tested to be twice as durable as the average jump rope. we also have a full replace or repair warranty on smart rope. smart rope has several major features that distinguish it from any other jump rope on the market - the led display that shows your fitness data in mid-air; the smart gym mobile platform, that gives you fitness data derived from your actual workout; and the enhanced product design of smart rope itself. removing any of these features makes it a very different product proposition. the leds communicate with the smart gym app and display different data in the various modes - it shows you how many jumps you've completed in jump count mode, how long you've been jumping in time mode, your calories burned in calorie mode, and interval training data. we can't speak to the future roadmap for smart rope beyond this initial release, but we value your idea and we've certainly discussed the possibility for a pared-down version in the future. but for this release, our goal is to offer smart rope with the full functionality outlined above. thanks.
hi, i know the durability issue has been raised many times and i have seen your answers and it is a concern of mine as well...i would like to raise the idea of a simpler jump rope without led that is replaceable or more durable and can still collect the statistics - would this be possible?
@kim: all relevant details for your rewards will be collected via kickstarter survey, which will be sent to you later in the development process. the rope sizing is the rope itself, not including the handles. thanks.
was the color, size, and distribution to select a shipping method. what happens if a reply by choice? size is the size of the handle, including? is the rope size?
@h m tan: we would love to offer smart rope in more custom sizes, and we're confident that we'll be able to do this in the future. but at our current scale, it's not viable to offer more than 3 sizes from a business perspective - we added the 4th size (xl) because we had quite a few taller jumpers. each size, color, etc. requires additional costs in a number of ways: + manufacturing needs to be customized for each length, which means the number of products made in each size decreases. small volume means higher per unit costs. + additional sizes need to be packaged differently, which means we produce less packages for each size. again, small volume means higher per unit costs. + warehouses charge us for each sku they receive and process. this means every additional size and color we offer incurs additional shipping and handling costs. once smart rope becomes more popular and we have higher volumes, we'll be able to negotiate better per unit costs - and this should enable us to offer more sizes. but at this early stage, adding more sizes adds several layers of cost. thanks.
hi joen, what i am wishing for is not technology related, but the wish that the rope sizes come in more length choices. for example i would like to have an in-between length of 8ft 9 inches. having an in- between size of 8ft 9inches makes much sense as it caters to many people in the common height range but have preferences over slightly longer/shorter rope length. i for one use different length ropes for different rope jump routines. having placed order for 4 ropes, it would make really good sense for me if such in-between sizes are available.
@daniel: thanks so much for your support! you'll be able to specify sizing for each rope. on the grip colors, we're very close to a solution on this. specifying a color means a separate charge for each color at the warehouse (known as 'pick and pack' fees), so we need to find a way to get this done that doesn't kill us on pricing. we'll keep you posted on color! i know it's important so we'll find a solution.
hi joen, my friends and i are very excited to try this rope out. we all pitched in together to back you and your team for the reward of 4 of your awesome smart ropes. i do have one question regarding this. for the 4 smart ropes package, will you provide a selection different sizing/color of grips for each one? i know you already have different sizing, but i don't want all of the smart ropes i will be receiving to be the same size/color. thanks
@crispin: i'm afraid not. because tangram has a ux agency as a parent company, we're fortunate to have development resources across different platforms - but not all of them. we're based in seoul, and there's even less windows phone adoption here. since tangram does a great deal of future concepting for clients, we've been ramping up on watch and other wearable development. thanks.
hi, that's cool news about you developing a pebble app for the people who choose pebble. i previously asked about a windows phone app and you said there wasn't enough demand for it, so i was a little surprised you had decided to do a pebble app, which there are far fewer devices than windows phones. does this mean you will reconsider a wp app, as all it would need would be feature-parity with what you have planned for the pebble app?
take note for beginners.  http://healthyliving.azcentral.com/type-surface-jump-rope-3645.html
@orah peri: we would recommend going up to a size m. generally speaking, if your height falls right between sizes, sizing up will be better for beginners and sizing down for advanced jumpers - a shorter rope means you'll have to jump that much faster. thank you!
hi, what size would you recommend 164cm user that is also a beginner? cheers
@michel: that's right - shipping info, sizing, colors and so on are collected via kickstarter survey once the campaign is complete. thanks!
when do i get to select the length?  i backed the project today, but don't recall seing an option to select length; does this happen later on in the process?
@roman: the length denotes the length of the rope itself, not including the handles. thank you!
@creator: great! thanks for the quick reply, it only had taken me few more hours to realize that preferred size/length can in fact be measured quite easily - that is from her current skipping rope :-d for i have one more question: do presented lengths of the smartrope include handles, or is it just the cord's length? thanks again, already looking forward for next indoor season with your product and wishing you best ot luck.
@roman hermanek: great question. rope sizing isn't a precise science as we have to take the jumper's mechanics and form into account. but generally speaking, if the user is a beginner with a wider stance, we'd recommend the 9' rope (size l). if the user is more advanced with a narrow stance, we'd recommend the 8' 6" rope (size m). yes, in interval training mode, smart rope will display your target jump count and count down from there. thanks!
hi, kind of a tricky question: what size would you recommend for an user who is exactly between two sizes offerred (she's 176-7cm)? and another one, will smartrope allow to set desired interval based on the number of skips and then show them counting down as you skip? thanks.
@choonsik kim: the kickstarter campaign ends in 8 days, which will be the last time to purchase smart rope at the early backer price. after that, we'll be taking pre-orders on www.tangramfactory.com at full price. production begins in july/august and shipping will begin in august/september. thanks!
9일 뒤 배송시작하는 건가요?
@renfield kuroda: yes! each mode selected in the smart gym app will display the relevant data on smart rope. so time elapsed in time mode; jumps completed in jump count mode; and calories burned in calorie mode. thanks.
will there be an option to count down time as well as count up jumps? i often jump for x minutes instead of x number of jumps...
@crypton: all the tech inside smart rope make length adjustment difficult, since the flexible printed circuit board (driving the 23 leds) are connected to magnetic sensors in the handle. as a result, we're offering smart rope in 4 sizes at launch. micro usb cables are by far the most common, and also the most affordable. while type c will be more convenient and become more popular, it was only introduced quite recently and cables are still priced accordingly. thanks!
i read that you are using a mini usb port to charge the smart rope. is there a chance to go to usb, type c? i hate fumbling with mini and micro uab ports to find the correct direction and love my lightning cable for exactly that feature, which it shares with usb-c. and: is there a way to adjust the length of the rope?
@cathy: thanks, we are working on the logistics of this, as you can see below! @elodie mourier: thank you so much for your support! everyone who's had a chance to try it loves it - even the skeptical :)
i would love to have a grip option.
such a great idea ! i am very excited to have backed this project, and i can't wait to receive the smart rope !
@lgg: hi lgg, it's a great point - and an issue we're working to solve on the logistics side of things. it's relatively easy for us to produce different colors, the issue comes from packing a selected color individually with each smart rope. this incurs "pick and pack" labor costs at the warehouse. we may develop a pricing option to select a specific color, so we'll keep you posted. also, as previously mentioned, there will be neutral shades that are less of a visual change from the original chrome finish. thanks!
hi there, i just wanted to encourage you all to try to put a higher importance on the color of the silicon grips.  this is a substantial visual change to your product, and can greatly impact how much people enjoy it.  for multiple people in a family, the color will be used to identify them, and they will want a color they will like.
@andreas stricker: thanks for following up! we're psyched that you are excited about the api for smart rope. since we're still in the final development phase with the hardware, it's too early for us to open up the api - we're hoping to be able to do this in june or july. we will keep everyone posted as we progress.
following to the question from mark casias about the api: i'd really appreciate an open interface specifications. as an free software phone user this is quite critical. and as a rope skipping coach i have some ideas with this ropes an a stage that requires a programmable interface.
@hector garcia: it's a killer idea, but the tech isn't there yet. most motion-generated power sources are still relatively bulky and difficult to commercialize - notably, m2e power raised $8 million in venture funding back in 2009 for motion-powered charging, only to admit defeat that their tech was basically impossible based on the laws of physics. or the now-defunct npower peg, which is even bulkier and gets pretty dismal reviews (http://www.rei.com/product/849998/npower-peg-personal-energy-generator#tab-reviews). we're hopeful for recent kickstarter projects like ampy (http://www.getampy.com/) that are set to deliver this summer, but as you can see, they're still fairly bulky.
not sure if it has been mentioned or part of future development, but what about the smart rope recharging itself with our motion?
@crispin: hi crispin, i'm afraid we don't have plans to support windows phone at this time. as a startup, we need to make challenging decisions on where to focus our time and resources, and the market realities are quite clear on the vast majority of users using ios and android. in fact, the latest numbers show us that "windows phone’s total shipments had the smallest year-over-year increase among the leading operating systems growing just 4.2%, well below the overall market. the platform’s overall market share declined from an already tiny 3.3% in 2013 to an even more dismal 2.7% in 2014." you can use smart rope as a standalone device and it will still offer jump count functionality, although the smart gym mobile platform is a fundamental part of the experience. thanks.
hi, what are your plans for a windows phone app? (i know your android app will be delayed because of the difficulties around platform fragmentation with multiple versions and hardware combinations, but windows phone should have far less variants to test.) thank you!
hi cameron! please see the recent update for our thoughts on heart rate monitoring - and the issues involved. for this release, we are focused on delivering core functionality around the jump rope fitness experience. thanks!
have you thought about incorporating a heart rate monitor in to the handle of the smart rope? having it sync to your phone or displayed on the rope? that way you can track your progress. see and record your ups and downs.
hi jacob, cool idea. we've been experimenting with different things to display on the leds, and so far the most effective have been numbers and icons. while we're focused on delivering core functionality for this initial release, the great thing about smart rope is that software upgrades will allow us to expand functionality (including what the leds can display, within the limitations of the hardware). thanks!
i was wondering, if the smart rope could also display letters. could it send you workout prompts. like: slow, med, fast, rest, stop, high, skip, done. since we are limited to 4 character, could it also send multiple words, for example: good job in two passes and then resume counting.
@ george triolet: hello george. the time required for android app development doesn't have much to do with bt, but rather for testing across the various major android devices. with our current schedule of final product ready by july / august, the android app is scheduled to be developed by september. our team has developed many, many android apps over the years for both large global brands and our own projects. thanks!
i'm a little put off by the android app support... this is bt, no reason not to have the app ready by september, considering canceling my pledge.
@ romel ragasa: hi romel! as soon as we have the final product, the smart gym app will launch on ios first, with the android app following 1-2 months later (we need time to support and test the various android devices). thanks!
hi, great idea with the jump rope. is the app compatible with android? or only apple?
@ andrew woolsey: hi andrew, this was covered earlier - smart rope's handles are chromed plastic, using real chrome (not a thin paint). the rope itself is a custom-hardened silicon and pvc material. thanks!
@ h m tan: i'm afraid this will be challenging given the amount of tech in the rope. there are 23 leds powered by a flexible pcb architecture, connected to magnetic sensors on ball bearings housed in the handles. we can't speak to the long term effects of twisting and tying the rope during rotations. thanks.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i usually have to tie a couple of knots on the cord under the handle to get a 9-foot rope to my ideal length for jumps. can this be done with smart rope since your cords come in non-adjustable lengths? will if affect any of the tech functions?
what material is the rope made out of?
hello vladimir, the eu guidelines that you're quoting are for products based in the eu or sold via eu domains. smart rope is manufactured in korea and sold via our us registered business, and kickstarter is a us entity. if you review the vast majority of us products (and indeed, the vast majority of products available on kickstarter), you'll find that most of them do not have warranties that comply with those specific eu guidelines. warranties are legal agreements, and we needed to base our guidelines based on competitive products. this is always a challenge when you're bringing a new innovation to market, but given the technology deployed in smart rope and the impact-related usage required for regular jump rope, we feel that this is a competitive warranty. keep in mind that no product manufacturer wants to sell defective items, because this results in significant damage to their reputation and consumers will simply walk away from defective brands. we are committed to bringing you the best possible experience with smart rope and we remain confident in our ability to execute, given our reputation in the industry with some of the world's most iconic brands and products. thanks.
i wonder how would you evade eu laws which requires the seller to provide two-year free of charge warranty. "whether you bought the goods in a shop or online, under eu rules you always have the right to a minimum two-year guarantee period at no cost." "your consumer rights under eu rules normally also apply to purchases from non-eu online traders targeting consumers in the eu."
hello chaiyut! the silicon grips will come in a variety of colors, including neutral shades (black, grey, semi-clear) and bright colors (volt yellow, pink, blue, orange). we haven't settled on final colors yet, and currently logistics and shipping may require us to offer random colors (like pebble watch, for instance). we are working on improving this but we also need to be mindful of shipping and handling costs, and we'll keep you updated as we progress. thanks.
could you tell me about color of silicone grip?
@ steve guns: yes, smart rope is designed to be a serious fitness device (not just another 'gadget'). smart rope specifically rewards the user for double unders by displaying special led notifications. elite gyms and the press are actively reviewing smart rope in real world situations. thanks!
does the rope have enough weight for serious jumping (i'm talking about double rotation in one jump and so on)? also i really hope the material is wear & tear proof like you stated, i've jumped many ropes into oblivion... (read: ended up with 2 "whips" instead of a single rope :)
thanks to jared, who pointed out a typo - smart rope charges with a micro usb port, the standard charger in most smartphones and other usb peripherals (not a mini usb port, as originally stated).
@ rl: for our testing and personal use, none of us use the silicon grips. the grips are as much a visual accessory (adding color to your smart rope) as they are a functional item. but we have never had the smart rope slip out of our hands during a workout, and no grips are being used during our week-long demonstration here at mobile world congress. thanks!
@joen, thanks for your reply, i know you also provide optional silicone covers that provide extra grip and protection. that's reason why my concern.  if the smart rope handle already have great gripping handling and protection, you dont need to make a extra silicone cover, right? if not, we need to buy a extra silicone cover for good security! will you guarantee when i using the smart rope should be safe and will not throw off from my sweat hand at normal use? thanks!
@rl: hi rl, we use smart rope regularly and we also sweat while using it, and we've had no real issues in terms of grip. the shape of smart rope is quite balanced and easy to hold, and the tech inside is sweat-resistant. we also have optional silicon covers that provide extra grip and protection as well. thanks!
@ akil simon: hi akil, i'm not really sure what isn't "straight" about our answer. durability has been proven on a variety of hard surfaces and the product has been demonstrated and reviewed by a number of marquee publications and here at mobile world congress, one of the world's largest trade shows with 80,000 visitors. what is the exact information you are looking for? if you are looking for longer-term data, this is not possible with a new to market product in prototype phase.
@ akil simon: hi akil, smart rope's handles are chromed plastic, using real chrome (not a thin paint). the rope itself is a custom-hardened silicon and pvc material.
better question, what is the smart rope made of?
you guys still, after a long and drawn out explanation, still haven't given a straight answer. even your faq doesn't even have a straight answer. the fact that you don't even want to say "i don't know, let me get back to you" is even more concerning.
just pledge $5 for more information before pledge the smart rope reward. the smart rope handle look like a metal with shiny and smooth finished. i will some sweat on my hands when i do a exercise. my concern is  when i swinging the smart rope for a exercise, will it be easy to throw off from my hand?
to many words for a simple question. i'm out.
warranty information may be the best way to allay people's fears about potential long-term damage from use.
hello akil, i'm a bit confused here - the durability question us been asked and answered several times here in the comments section, as well as in the faq section. smart rope is a fitness device that is empowered by tech, but first and foremost it is a serious jump rope. we are not asking anyone to use it differently, and in fact this is why we consider ourselves different from other wearables - the tech just adds to the experience. we have done extensive testing and our current prototypes are durable and impact resistant on hard surfaces (asphalt, brick, concrete, hardwood to name a few). the only reason we felt this product was viable for introduction to the press and to kickstarter is because we have verified that the product works as intended. the point i wanted to make is that throughout this product development process, we are continuing to enhance and improve durability, so you'll have an even better product for final production. i also want to point out that smart rope has been reviewed independently by numerous marquee publications and we are unveiling the product at the largest trade event, mobile world congress, this coming week in barcelona. we are committed to delivering an excellent experience. thanks.
this is concerning to me, this is the second time that someone has asked about the impact resistance of this product and you guys haven't given a straight answer. when are we to expect a legitimate response? i think this is a great product but in your demo there were over 2000 revs done at times and if this is to be the norm especially if this is to be a via cardio workout tool, how long will this last? yes we are getting bluetooth connectivity, apps and leds but fundamentally, this is a jump-rope and if it can stand up to the effects of one for $10 why should i back this project? like i said before, great product, but i'm concerned.
moriah and jae huen - thanks for the support! durability is a common question and it's one of our priorities in terms of design. i've also addressed it multiple times here in the comments section, and it now has a dedicated place in the faq section as well: durability is a key factor for us in the design and development of smart rope. we need to ensure that the rope is thin and flexible for ideal jump rope, but also impact resistant - we know that users often step on the rope, hit it against surfaces, and so on. while we do have a working prototype now, we are continuing to do rigorous testing on a number of hard surfaces and usage situations, and we will keep you posted as we improve this aspect of the design. i can tell you that all of our testing has been done on hard surfaces, both indoor and outdoor, and that the prototypes that have been tested by gizmodo and other third parties were all tested on hard surfaces.
i am curious too about durability!
this looks amazing. however i am concerned with the durability of the led light rope. while this product does not look cheaply made, i am wondering how durable the rope is because of it's electronic components. i can't imagine that tiny leds could withstand being smacked against the ground over and over for too long. are these meant to be used only in gyms with soft flooring? or can you use them outside against concrete?
way to catch the reference! you're the first.
usm - isaac clarke, is that you? :d thanks for your support!
had to back it. the other jump rope didn't do it for me. this was the one i wanted.
akil & kenneth - great ideas! for this initial release of smart rope, we wanted to be very focused on producing a serious fitness device. while there are many functions we can implement into a smart device, our mission is to deliver real utility during the workout itself, as well as give you the tools to optimize your fitness throughout the experience. daniel - thank you so much for your support!
fantastic product ive ever seen!
thanx. that's useful for us to make the decision you should include this in the info page too. and yes. can we be notified by other things while we're skipping. like a msg or call alerts us using the led display
can the app alert you if there is an important call coming in? i.e. set an alert for specific persons as an emergency call. that would be eventful in the event you need to take a call.
hello kenneth, sophia and smart rope are both jump ropes that communicate with your smartphone, but that's really the only similarity between the two products. there have always been cheaply made counting jump ropes available on the market (http://bit.ly/1dvkllm), and we feel strongly that we look and feel nothing like what's been previously available. from a product design perspective, it should be very clear that we are very different. smart rope places the rope at a 45 degree angle to the handles, adopting the natural motion of how people jump rope. we place the rope housing on high-performance ball bearings for a movement that gizmodo calls "buttery smooth" in their recent prototype review (http://bit.ly/17zgk91). smart rope is finished in chrome and every single product detail is meticulously designed to ensure fit and finish of the highest quality. from a functionality standpoint, the clear difference is that smart rope uses leds embedded in the rope to show you your fitness data in mid-air, right before your eyes. you can track the time and duration of your workout, how many jumps you've executed, see the calories you've burned, and receive interval training data as you work out. with a traditional counting jump rope, the count data is displayed on a small calculator-like window on the handle. during actual jump rope, it's impossible to read this data unless you stop your workout. considering that one of the main benefits of jump rope is cardio, this is a key thing we wanted to address with smart rope's led display. in terms of the mobile app, sophia seems to focus on gamifying the jump rope experience and adding basic social features via facebook. while the smart gym mobile platform will also offer these features, our focus is really on making smart gym a credible, highly useful fitness experience. entering your height and weight will allow smart gym to calculate the calories you're burning with each jump based on your specific bmi. interval training sessions will be calculated for you based on your fitness goals, using guidelines for jump rope set by the cdc. finally, the team behind smart rope and smart gym is tangram, an award-winning ux and product design firm that's been around since 2008. tangram is one of the lead design vendors for global clients like samsung, and we collaborate with them on substantial elements of samsung's smart tv experience. we have a dedicated team of designers, developers, and engineers dedicated to making smart rope the best possible fitness experience. thank you!
hello juan jose, 1) i am confirming with the team, but i imagine that the complexity of all the tech we're packing into smart rope will make battery replacement challenging. there's a flexible printed circuit board powering 23 leds embedded into the rope, connected directly to sensors in the handle, bundled with the cpu, ram, bluetooth, and the battery. 2) li-polymer 350mah battery. this battery lasts 14 hours on a full charge, or 14 days of use at 1 hour per day. a standard 2a charge (like your smartphone charger or a powered usb port on a laptop) will charge the battery in 30 minutes. we are not disclosing third party vendors as this information can change, and is proprietary. but we can tell you that we are keeping manufacturing wholly in korea with best-in-class vendors that we've worked with on many projects, specifically to maintain quality control. 3) for this initial release of smart rope, given our resources, we need to focus our attention on the products that have the highest rate of adoption - and that means ios and android. windows phone adoption continues to decline year over year, and we also believe that the portability and convenience of jump rope lends itself better to the smartphone rather than a tablet or desktop. 4) the length of each handle is approximately 15 cm long, with a circumference of 9.5 cm. 5) the silicon grips will come in a variety of colors. the vibrant colors will most likely be opaque, and the neutral shades will be semi-translucent. 6) i will ask the team for an approximation. since we're in the prototyping phase, this information may change, but i can provide a range. 7) any warranty and after-sales information will need to wait until the campaign concludes, especially considering that the scale of production will be affected by the organic demand we see for smart rope via kickstarter. 8) for the reasons outlined above as the challenge for battery replacement, this initial release of smart rope will most likely be seen as one cohesive unit. there are a number of highly specific interactions between components and removing individual pieces will be difficult. certainly a modular design is something we can strive for, perhaps in a later release (fingers crossed!) 9) we test smart rope prototypes both indoor and outdoor, on a variety of surfaces. generally speaking, jumping rope should be done on a flat, uniform surface to avoid injury. 10) smart rope is a completely new product concept, so any prototypes we've developed would have been produced quite recently. as reported earlier, we will continue to communicate our progress on rigorous testing and durability. thanks for your support!
i do not like to bring up other projects but there is another project called sophia the smart skipping rope that seems similar.  i do not feel there's a conflict of interest.  i really would appreciate if both project owners do an honest comparison between the 2 products to help us backers decide
a few questions 1. is the battery removable or end user servicble? 2. what type of battery is utitlized? if lithium ion based what is vendor and country of origin 3. do you have plans to support windows especially considering they offer true app support and this would be compatible across phone, tablet, notebook and desktop and would be great to see information incorporated in health vault.  4. what is the width and overall circumference of the handle? 5. can you clarify on the grip it is not clear ? 6. what is the weight of the handle? 7. what is the warranty? 8. should the cable need to be replaced can it be? 9. you have communicated durability testing is underway and evolving but can you clarify if at this point it is recommended to be used indoor on non abrasive surfaces? 10. can you provide photos of samples that have been used for sometime at this point. i have concerns that even if used on a smooth surface whether it be would or smooth concrete or carpet that scuffing will occur overtime and affect the leds output. thank you in advance for your clarification.
hi freedom cast, thank you! durability is covered below, and also in our faq section. the intricate design of smart rope will make interchangeable parts challenging, at least for now. the flexible printed circuit board is attached to 23 high-quality leds, which are injected into the rope and communicate with the sensors in the handle. we'll keep trying to find ways to improve the product, and we are certainly focused on durability.
love the idea! definitely would motivate me watching the numbers go up with each repetition. would the rope be interchangeable should it break? also any rough numbers on how long it would last.
hi sangjin, thank you! i'll be posting images of the silicon grips shortly, in an update.
hey guys, you guys have an awesome product! would it be possible to see how the silicon handle grip looks like?
han, something tells me you're already a stylish cat! thanks for your support!
hello akil, great question, i'm putting this into the faq section as well! durability is a key factor for us in the design and development of smart rope. we need to ensure that the rope is thin and flexible for ideal jump rope, but also impact resistant - we know that users often step on the rope, hit it against surfaces, and so on. while we do have a working prototype now, we are continuing to do rigorous testing on a number of hard surfaces and usage situations, and we will keep you posted as we improve this aspect of the design. one of our backers has a killer idea for a simple 'protector' that we are looking into implementing as well!
finally, i can workout in style!
what surfaces can smart rope be used on? does it need to be on the gym floor /hardwood or is it rated for tougher things too like grass or asphalt?
hey mark! the app will track both the time and jumps executed per session, and we are baking in high impact interval training (tabata) guidelines from the cdc into the app as well. an api is certainly something we can consider, especially as smart rope grows more popular (fingers crossed!) the longer-term play for us is to create an entire platform of smart fitness devices, with smart gym as the hub, so it makes all the sense in the world. thanks!
pretty excited for this product to come out. i was wondering if the app / rope could display time data as well as count data. then that could be expanded to tabata / timed workouts. also, the nerd in me has to ask if there will be an api available?
hi camilo! currently the 23 leds clearly display up to four digits / characters. we are already prototyping the leds to display icons and emojis. in the various app modes, the leds will display the corresponding data (time elapsed in time mode, calories burned in calorie mode, and interval training information in that mode). our plan is to continue to upgrade and update the software (and firmware) as we move forward, and we will keep you posted of our progress. thanks!
sweet. neutral random colours are fine! :))) cheers!
hey guys, cool project, love it. some questions.. i would like to know if its possible to change what is displayed on pov leds in the middle of the rope, i mean it would be very cool if i can change what is displayed on it, for example would be nice an increasing seconds timer, in fact during all years of jumping i always place a phone screen in front of me to see a timer on it (i mean jumping count is cool but i think timer is better), also for example... kind of the pace as in running, how many jumps per minute im doing would be motivating too. also what about watching a twitter feed while jumping...  im not sure if its technically possible but seems a interesting idea too.. good luck!
thanks for the quick answers!
hi vidya, amazing suggestions! we have started work on apple health and android fit integration, and we've been working with the apple watch sdk since late last year. we will certainly keep everyone posted on development as it happens. i'll be posting a video of the current software, hopefully tomorrow. yes, smart rope is basically communicating in both directions with whichever smartphone it's paired with, so your fitness data will always be available on your smartphone and updated each time you use smart rope. hand recognition is a killer idea and while we did want to incorporate some kind of biometric user profiling, we really wanted to keep costs in line as well. if we're fortunate enough to create a second version of the hardware, it's certainly something we'll consider again.
will the smart rope app be able to integrate data with ios healthkit, and (i think it's) android's google fit (someone correct me if i have the android health app wrong)? so, you say that the smart rope can't be paired with two devices simultaneously, but what about in turns? for instance, i might work out with the smart rope, and have the data transferred to my phone, then my sister might work out with it, and want her own data on her phone. can the bluetooth be paired with one phone, then another, and then re-paired with the first? you've talked about the sensor technology in the rope, which is nice, but it would really set the smart rope apart if it was smart enough to incorporate hand recognition to recognize who was picking it up. (for one example of this, see: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1227115988/neeo-the-thinking-remote/). for many households with more than one person, a jump rope is likely to be a shared piece of equipment, just like a treadmill or an exercise bike, which anyone in the family (or guests, even) can use. i don't know how far along in your production you are (it sounds like you've already got prototypes), but this feature would be amazing and really set smart rope apart. if not in this version, it's definitely something i would be looking for in a 2nd-generation rope. good luck!
hi duncan, thanks! to be frank, we're not thrilled about random colors either - but shipping and logistics will make it very challenging for us to designate colors for each order. we will keep working on this and if it's not cost-prohibitive, we'll find a better solution. but yes, we will absolutely have neutral colors, and a semi-transparent grip as well.
i'm liking it, but not liking the 'random' silicon handle colour.  is there any chance we'll get a choice?  or are they going to be neutral colours, like black, grey, red, etc.. - no pinks please! :)
