please email sabine hoop at lars muller publishers directly at sabine@lars-muller.ch-----and she will be able to follow up for you right away. thank you.
hey i just realised i don't think i ever received the poster i was meant to get with this. are you able to check?
when will i receive this?
hello,  when can i get my book?
dear alex--- apologies that this has not yet been resolved. i have sent an email to julia sumi (julia@lars-muller.ch) at lars muller publishers asking her to be in touch with you directly so the two of you can resolve (hopefully quite quickly) the difficulty that has arisen in getting your book to you. steve
i am still waiting. want my book. please!
dear steve i'm sorry to inform you that i didn't receive my copy until now, even i confirmed my shipping address. please advise  thanks  mohammad
hi steve,  on 12/30/16, i contacted ann at lars muller to confirm my shipping address. she stated on 1/6 that a new copy was sending to me. but i haven't received it yet. tried to get a hold of her with no success. can you share the status? thanks, maggie
dear andy--- we are very sorry that a delay happened in the delivery of your poster. could i ask you please to re-confirm your delivery address in an email to ann at lars muller: ann@lars-muller.ch. this will facilitate sending out a new one to you right away. thank you. steve
dear designers & books, i still haven't received my poster as yet. thanks ins advance for your assistance. kind regards, andy
dear akitoshi--- as a follow up to the notes below, apparently it turns out that ann sent you an email asking for your shipping address, in english. but she hasn't received a reply yet. could you please email her this information to: ann mbuti at ann@lars-muller.ch. thank you very much. we are looking forward so sending your book along to you. steve
dear designers & books--- thank you for a reply. i follow your instructions. akitoshi
dear akitsohi--- very sorry you've not received your book yet. if you scroll down 10 messages, you'll see a comment from lars muller publishers about the person to contact to inquire about your copy. please follow those instructions. and i will, in the meantime, also let lmp know that there is a problem with delivery to you. steve
hello. i have not received my copies yet. when do will arrive to me? akitoshi
dear marika-- we are sorry to hear that your book hasn't arrived yet. i am sure that's frustrating. however, it's quite possible that your book was sent to you at the right time and that with no correspondence back from you indicating it hadn't been received, that the assumption was that it had arrived safe and sound. but obviously that's not what happened. anyway, i too have contacted ann and annika at lars muller and have asked them to make sure to address your situation right away when they return to their office from the holiday. again, we are sorry for this annoying delay you've experienced. steve
i have not received my book. after reading some of the comments here, i searched my email and found a vague email requesting a phone number in my spam folder dated september 25th. it's disappointing that no one from that office thought to follow up after receiving no response from me for three months. are they not reconciling orders? i've just sent them an email and received an auto response that their office is closed until january 4th. hopefully they can resolve this promptly at that time. disappointed as i'm really looking forward to this book.
thank's steve! i have contacted ann and anika and hopefully they will be in touch shortly.  cheers, jan
dear jan: not sure who  mike is, but if you haven't received your book yet, please confirm your shipping address in an email to ann and annika at the email addresses here (ann: ann@lars-muller.ch; annika: annika@lars-muller.ch), and they will be in touch with you. sorry for the delay; not sure why that would have happened, but ann and annika will address it. thank you. steve
dear mike, it's been a while since the sutnar's book release was announced but i haven't received the book i pledged for. please can you check why it wasn't delivered. all best, honz.
dear mike--- i have sent another note to my colleagues at lmp just now, with your e-mail address, asking them to contact you right away. i've also confirmed that they have your brooklyn shipping address correct, too. if you have not heard anything by the end of this week, please contact me at this e-mail address and i'll call ann in switzerland directly and see what i can do to assist in getting this successfully addressed for you: info@designersandbooks.com. steve
hello: i have not received my copies yet and have not heard back from ann about order status. please advise. mike
dear mike--- very sorry your book hasn't arrived yet. i will send an email to ann mbuti at lmp (see her comment just below yours) asking her to get in touch with you and let you know when you can expect to receive your copy. steve
i'm in canada and still have not received my book and poster. when should i be expecting it? thanks, mike
dear kickstarter backers--- wow - the feedback on vdia is overwhelming. thank you so much. it’s good to see that all of you are as thrilled as we are with how the book turned out. all books and posters have now been sent out and are on their way to each backer. and in the majority of cases, the deliveries have arrived already. however, since we ship our books from different distribution points in each country, and sometimes from different points within the same country, there will end up being variation in the arrival dates from country to country, and also backer to backer. there have been some issues regarding shipping and delivery----which we apologize for and are working hard to address. if you haven’t received your book(s)/poster yet and are anxious at all, please contact me at: ann@lars-muller.ch----and we will address your concern and get back to you right away.  ann mbuti lars müller publishers ps: a note also to assure everyone that we are responding to each and every request for information that we receive. if you don’t see a reply on this kickstarter comments page, it means that we have corresponded with the backer directly via their email address.
hello, like doren and rebecca, i pledged for the book + poster, but only received the book back in october.  i see their comments have gone un-responded to.  can we please get an update on the status of the poster? thank you!!
dear ralph mcginnis--- the vast majority of books have been sent out and received. but there are still a few orders that are in the process of being fulfilled. as with the cases like yours noted below, colleagues at lmp have been alerted to your situation and you will be hearing from them shortly about the status of your copy. very sorry for the delay. steve
have these been mailed out yet? i live in nyc and haven't received mine yet.
dear wan fenfen: your location may have something to do with the delay in your receipt of the book. but i have alerted my colleagues at lmp about the situation you've described, and have asked them to follow up directly with you. steve
i haven't receive the book yet,is that normal,i am in china.
dear geoff--- very sorry this happened to you, too. i wonder if there is for some reason a problem with deliveries in canada. i've contacted the lmp responsible for fulfillment and asked them right away to research your situation, too, to see about getting it addressed as soon as possible. steve
hello there! same thing happened to me as adam strange. the same email was sent to me back on september 25 and the book has yet to arrive. i'd also like to be included in the follow-up that you get from the distributor. cheers, geoff (canada)
dear adam---- i am not quite certain what the problem might be that has resulted in you not receiving your book yet. however, there are two people at lars muller publishing who are responsible for following up on the rare occasions when this sort of situation arises. i am in touch with them today so they can follow up, specifically, and we will be in touch with you on this via your direct email address, too. steve
hi, this was the last email i received on sept 25 and responded the same day but still nothing... also this person no longer works there??? adam (in canada) re dear kickstarter backer, we are beginning with the shipping of the sutnar book this and next week. as the shippings for canada will be done by our partner in us we kindly ask all the canadian costumers to provide us with a telephone number for the commercial invoice in order to get the shippings through custom smoothly. i thank you in andvance and please don't hesitate to contact me for any further details. best regards, noah voiret
dear goffredo--- we are very sorry that this happened. can i ask that you reconfirm your correct shipping address to this email (info@designersandbooks.com) and then we will send you a replacement poster. again, very sorry that this happened. steve
hi fyi i have received the (beautiful) book ok few weeks ago; unfortunately the poster is completely ruined because it has been sent to the imaginary town of abu dhabi in saudi arabia. it has been open for inspection by saudi custom and badly repackaged and forwarded. please note that abu dhabi, where today i have eventually received the missent package is in the united arab emirates. and the united arab emirates are not saudi arabia.  please do not add nations to the address as stated in the profile. most cordially
dear tomas svoboda--- we are very sorry that you have not received your copy yet. we are checking now with the fulfillment center to see what might have caused the delay. you will be hearing from lars muller publishers shortly and the situation will be remedied. steve
i'm from the czech republic, which is a bit far away and transportation is definitely longer. do you have any estimate of when can i get a book?
will we receive an email when the individual book gets shipped out? i'm out in canada and we typically receive items a little later than usual, but i haven't heard anything.
i received my book a couple of weeks ago and love it (oct7). but i did not receive the poster. after 2 weeks should i still expect the poster to ship separately? or should i be concerned that it’s gone missing? many thanks! -db
my exquisite book arrived today. what a magnificent accomplishment by all who conceived and published this project to such a fine pitch. i look forward to seeing future projects as they come to hand. in the meantime, well done, and many thanks.
i received my book yesterday and it is absolutely beautiful!  thank you for your meticulous work.  however, i did not receive the poster, and wondering if that is coming at a later date?...also, i see in the comment below that the poster is folded not rolled?  it was listed as "suitable for framing" but if it is folded it sounds like that is not the case?
hi thank you for the book. it arrived today (in perfectly good condition). i received the poster in a flat form (folded 4 times). it was not in a tube... and hence it was badly damaged
dear ellen--- it is so nice of you to write. thank you for your kind words, and we are very happy that you like the book. we hope it will provide you enjoyment for a long time to come. we are beginning to research new projects and will let you know when there's news. steve
just wanted to let you know my book arrived safe and sound and ready to be enjoyed. it's beautiful, love it. thank you for all of your hard work and good luck on your next project.
first of all, just wanted to let you know that the package arrived today, and it is absolutely gorgrous! the different page finishes (regular, gloss, and heavy stock) depending on the content, is really nice, and i'm already in love with this book. i did have one issue, unfortunately. one of the pages (right after b/21, and right before the "carrs" section) looks like the corner got split and half of it got folded back on itself. i see that you had given a contact email to others, so i will use that, but just wanted to point it out. other than that, this thing is a masterpiece, and i'll proudly display it!
steve, i received my book and booklet today. like greg, there was damage to the corners. i just emailed the "ask a question" but will send my email to the link stated in your reply to greg. josh
dear greg--- very sorry this happened. please send your email address to info@designersandbooks.com and i'll have the publisher contact you to make sure the situations gets remedied. steve
i received my book and accompanying booklet today. unfortunately, when i opened the package, both have damage to the corners. with whom do i need to contact? thank you
dear andre--- all the books have now been sent out, so yours should be arriving to you shortly. steve
hello guys, i'd like to know when i'm going to receive my book! please let me know!
received the book today...looks beautiful!
sorry you had the same problem, christoffer. yes, please let me know the email address i can give the publisher so they can get in touch with you directly to address this.
hi, the same goes for me. picked up the book and poster today. the book is gorgeous and so are the poster. but the poster had major creases and bends and i can't use it. i will send you my email address to. thanks
dear don--- we are very sorry this happened. we are in touch with the publisher about this. can you please send your email address to info@designersandbooks.com, so we can have the publisher get back to you directly? thank you. steve
hi, received the book and poster today. both are very nice. the poster has major creases, bends etc  running through it and i was wondering if i can send this back to you and get a copy that is clean. i’m pretty sure this did not happen in transportation, as the tube is in better shape than the poster. let me know when you get a chance. thanks don
dear aron--- i can confirm that all the books are being sent out in october, as was promised. some have already been shipped and received. but i apologize that we cannot confirm specific arrival times for specific book shipments, since once we release the book to shippers we cannot be certain of exact arrival times for the individual shipments. i apologize for that, but i hope the book for your wife will make it in time for her birthday. steve
hi, can you confirm my book is on the way as well? i'm hoping to receive it by the weekend since it's a birthday gift for my wife. :-) thanks, aron
dear clive--- yes, you will be receiving your book shortly. for shipping logistics reasons, the book and poster were not sent out together. steve
hi, i've received the poster but not the book, is it on it's way? cheers clive
thank you for writing, robert. the poster are being mailed out now, so you should have yours shortly. steve
received my copy friday. stunning job. really terrific. thank you. as it did not come with the book, i was wondering if you knew when the posters would be shipping? thank you, -robert
this was a great project. great quality and on time. bravo !
i bought the book as a gift for my wife, she was very excited to finally be able to look at every page in great detail. very good quality reproduction everything you said it would be. but it seem like the poster that was part of the order was not sent?
i have also received the book and the poster a few days ago, it has been printed with great quality materials. this is just a wonderful book. i know kickstarter for a few years now and this project is one of the very few i have pledged with no delay and no issues, thanks to the creators.
just got the book today. amazing quality and print. amazing.
received it today, thank you very much (first kickstarter in time)
same question as stephanie below. i am moving and won't be at the address provided in october when this ships. is there anything i can do?
anyway i can update my mailing address? i just moved.
'll tell you a joke. a blind man walked into a bar.
happy to back it. not happy to get so many emails about it.
i'm so pumped!!
let's hope that printing an exact replica of this super rare book by a deceased czechoslovakian graphic designer doesn't create a wrinkle in the earths time continuum and somehow releases the ghost of ladislav sutnar from his chains; allowing him to travel freely between the realm of the living and the dead to haunt each of the people that backed this kickstarter project. fingers crossed!
let's hope that printing an exact replica of this super rare book by a deceased czechoslovakian graphic designer doesn't create a wrinkle in the earths time continuum and somehow realeses the ghost of ladislav sutnar form his chains; allowing him to travel freely from the realm of the living and the dead and haunting each of the people that backed this kickstarter project. fingers crossed!
hi steve! if it's all right, could you please tell us all a joke? sincerely, ron
great idea! good luck!
we are here to support the real graphic designers. i wish you the best of luck designers & books team.
thank you! this is an amazing book and i've always wanted a copy of it!
as a graphic designer, i am surprised i didn't know about this book. now that i've seen how rare it is, i am extremely excited to back this project. do you have the original plates from the original printing? or are you fully re-creating every page digitally?
