received my refund. i'm happy.
i have had the printer since december. like they disclosed the filament sensor does not detect when the plastic runs out. this has not been an issue yet. the plastic side shield came with chip in it and one gear is warped but it has not caused any problems. the robo emblem also warped and does not stay on.(no big deal).  i've printed a lot a prototypes. sometime several a day. i have used a blow dryer at the begging to heat up the plate. seemed to work well. now the paper is a little ruffed up and is not as much of an issue, plus i use the "raft" as a base. i hardly ever have to recalibrate. i just turn it on pop in the usb and print away. my kids use it also; super easy.   of note,the display screen is the biggest frustration because it's not sensitive enough and pressing on it moves it a little. hopefully it won't break. also the cura software crashes on me a lot. especially with multiple items. i'll probably switch to something else. otherwise, this has been awesome and a lot of fun. i hope the r2 i ordered is even better.
hi all, this is braydon in china. just wanted to let everyone know i am preparing an update for you all tomorrow. just took a bunch of pictures and video today. this has been an amazing couple of days here so far and the printers are looking outstanding. stay tuned for the update. i appreciate everyone's patience as we get to the final stretch here!
i am also having problems with them responding. i have been trying to get a refund on my r2 pledge since last friday. first they tell me that they can't find an order under my email address that i use here. then they tell me late friday(someone else tells me) they will process my order this week. i contacted them again tuesday after no response monday, and they tell me they can't see everything so they are going send all the info that i provided to a manager who can see everything and they will process the refund right away. well, nothing again all day today. after emails, and a phone conversation with support, i'm getting very frustrated with them. their customer service stinks! i'm wondering if they are going to survive.
getting pretty frustrated.  i updated my address with confirmation on january 23rd.  i get an email from fulfillment saying they have the old address and can't ship.  i have emailed 4 times with no response as to what address they really have and in about 3 weeks i am changing addresses again.  yet no response from anyone...
robo has a "work-in-process" troubleshooting manual for the c2 here.   http://support-site.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting/index.html worth a look, but i'd certainly contact robo directly about any quality issues.
rick hays: i got my c2 last week as well. i had the same issue with two screws falling out and i can't figure out where they go, but everything still seems to work despite that. the only (minor) complaint i have is that when the carriage zeros it goes to 0,0 and makes a hell of a grinding noise and i'm afraid it's going to eventually strip the gears or something. is this by design? as for the quality of prints, i've been pretty happy. the ability to upload a gcode file over wireless and print it is quite handy. so basically i load the stl into simplify3d, set my parameters, generate the gcode, run a simulation in simplify3d, and if i'm happy with it log into the web interface on the c2 and upload the gcode file. one tip: for a while i thought the autoleveling was bugged as the extruder head appeared to drag along the print. this was fixed by taking the z-axis wizard's suggestion of "until the paper is just barely grabbed" (or however it's phrased) very literally. for example, i had this problem with a z-offset of -10.3. when i set it to 10.0, everything seemed to resolve. all in all, the c2 appears to be a pretty solid product. i'm looking forward to the r2 when it arrives.
anyone else received there c2, got mine last thursday, been having a few problems printing.  i think most of it is the 3 screws that have fell out while printing.  not sure where they go yet but two dropped out as i was printing the other was found when when unpacking.  just curious as to anyone else with this problem..
#49 and submitted my survey.
i am backer 203 and i had submitted my survey and i only backed the r2.
yeah, what issac redford.  :-/
i'm backer 519 with the r2 for $200 off retail. i had received and submitted my survey.
do we have any idea how many surveys they sent out? maybe only for the ones they have in stock?
do you guys who already received the survey for the r2 just backed the r2?  i'm wondering if robo is going to send another survey for people who backed the combo. we already filled the survey regarding the c2 delivery back in december. our information most likely didn't change. @ robo: anu info on that? are the combo backers supposed to receive another survey for the r2 delivery? thanks
i have got the survey and filled it out but y u no have second extruder option!!!!
@andre bernet - my original thought on that was with all the delays that should be ready at delivery. however, i'm sure at this point it's all hands on deck and no one has really been focused on developing it. hopefully i'm wrong
haven't received the survey yet... :(
survey filled - but what about the 2nd extruder option?
i was within the first 5 people to reserve an r2. might that mean one of those pictured is mine? or will they be shipped based on location and not in direct order? it says im backer of 17, i assume because of c2 orders prior to my order
r2 shipping details requested and submitted... looking forward to receiving the r2!
update just posted.  thanks for the pics and video.
additionally, found this on facebook: braydon is leaving this week for china to oversee final operations on the r2 to ensure the packaging and shipping goes smoothly.
hi all, another update coming today! we just received our first 10 units in house from the initial production and they look phenomenal and work phenomenally!!!! exciting stuff. i am putting some pictures and video together for you all. expect an update soon. -braydon
i am getting to that point as well. i am very disappointed. to me, this is starting to become some of the worse service i have ever had. i truly feel they don't read any of these posts and at this point dont care. i really hope they do something for their backers to save face
@warren i am in the same boat, there is a robotics lab in a high school that i am looking to get on the right track and i was recommending all robo's to them. looks like i no longer will be doing that.
hi, i really have changed my mind on this product, can i get my money back?.
i agree with neil. the c2 is overpriced. a $700 printer with no heated? no way. that's going backwards.  until i have an r2 in hand, i can't recommend it for $1500. i just left a robotics team where i was a mentor. i helped them with cad and 3d printing using my machine. they wanted me to recommend a machine as i was leaving. i wanted them to hold out until i had a r2. with the lousy communication here, i told them to move on and order a prusa i3  mk2s. prusa is even coming out with a quad color add on very soon. wifi? theyll add a raspberry pi with octoprint. why wait any longer when robo can't communicate. they've said from the very beginning they would provide pictures, videos of the prints and production. i'm done posting here. i'll just wait to get my printer and move on. good luck to all.
an interesting side note. when they started the ks, the campaign for the r2 stated early bird special $999, save $300 off retail. and each indicated the r2 would be $1299 retail. if you look on their website, the pre-order is at $1499. that's another $200 tacked on. so, people that got in on the ks, had 2nd thoughts and bailed out, well..... it looks like it will cost them even more if they change their mind later. unless...... they lower their prices again due to low sales. time will tell. i think the c2 is priced too high also when the r1 plus prints a larger build for $100 less. yes, the looks are better, in my opinion, but money looks good when it's in my pocket.
there's absolutely no way to get your ks money back is there?  i'm not having a "warm and fuzzy" feeling about my $1200 investment.  hell $200 off means nothing at this point.  by the time it arrives, i could have bought the newest technology 3d printer from another manufacturer, probably faster and cheaper.  where are all of these updates, pictures, and videos we were supposed to be getting??
c2 arrived yesterday, now looking forward once again to the r2.
here is the answer to that question that i received from robo in the funding comments section on march 31: "surveys will be sent out soon. i wanted to wait til we made sure we understand all the information we need for them." the funny thing is, i don't have a clue why they don't understand what information they will need to know to ship r2's that they didn't need when they previously sent out surveys for the c2.
no, not yet.
has any one gotten there survey for the r2 yet?
just got my robo c2 just came in today
i'm amazed by the regular updates from china the photos and videos of the r2s production are excellent. i love ‪sarcasm
c2 i should point out. i didn't get in on the r2... maybe later.
just got mine today!
@morgan. my guess, probably somewhere around the announcement of the r2+
c2 arrived!
i just want to know when we will get the printers
well it keeps stopping saying it's run out of filament. isn't that why they delayed the c2's?
just got my c2. i'll post an update when i get it plugged in and printing.
i have to admit that i'm beginning to question whether these will ever be delivered.
@pclabtech, having a few builds in their lab has really nothing to do with it since they are prototypes and not part of the commercial production. @john, yes they mentioned air freight but i have serious doubts that they will go that path due to cost. happy to be wrong but they have said/done nothing to show that their statements have much value at this point. shipping 300+ printer boxes using air freight from china has a substantial higher cost then shared/solo container on boat. and since they likely want a decent amount for retail it makes the math even harder. again, happy to be wrong on their decision here but as mentioned earlier, i am a realist and base assumption on their history. and yes a production line can assemble fast but there is always challenges around a new build so they will not have full speed at day 1.
no slight of hand... they really do have a few r2 units at their shop, but i am not fast enough (no cardio) to escape with it under my arms.
@henrik - i noticed that as well, first one to come off the line with a picture of jerry working on it.  so yes that was another slight of hand on their part, and they slipped by saying here is the first one!! now they did mention something about air freight to get them back to robo hq, where they can start all the other work. i am sure that small production line at foxconn can assemble a shocking amount of printers per day.  i would love to hear an honest timeline and not just what we want to hear.  i mean i have an email from you braydon saying one thing, and now you are just ignoring my reply back. you worked hard on your end to get me to not cancel my order, but once i agreed you then went silent again. adding all these things up has left me wondering why i did not just cancel my order and wait. glad to see the pictures, but stop with the things that can actually lead to your company failing.  read your own forums for once as well! i would be fine if you said end of may, and it arrived in may.  i just spent over $400 in replacement parts to fix two of my machines that i was hoping to retire...
@creator while i really like the pictures from production and the fact that you are actually building them i am also a data driven realist when it comes to results and projection. you sent picture of the first built model, meaning nothing was done before you got there? this is not in line with all the messages you published asserting us that you are/were on the projected timeline. why am i bringing this up and being the annoying one? because it sets level of trust in future updates. you posted on your website, think it was, that delivery would be mid april now. that seems extremely unlikely. meaning that you assemble all printers for backers and for commercial sales to motivate shipment from factory. after that comes calibration and qa work. what i ask of you is nothing strange, please step up and be honest with your customers and give a realistic timeline for delivery. pushing two weeks at a time whenever your deliver date gets to close is something you do with your high school book report...not as a trusted company. posting comments like "we want to deliver the best product" is not useful as it is obvious for any customer that you want to do that officially. again, please start earning that trust and set realistic expectations that you can keep and that is based on real data (assemblies per day, shipping time, qa units per day, fault tolerance, etc).
...jesus,  now i want to trade my c2 for an r2!
now there are some pictures!
thanks for the r2 update braydon! looking forward to having this beauty on my desk!
can't wait to get my 3d printer so i can start printing up stuff
@mike - where are the pictures?
for a c2
@neil, it's a ups shipping notification with tracking number and delivery date for next week :-d
i'm loving all the new regular updates we're getting especially the ones from china
@daniel duran shipping notification on which? c2, or r2. and shipping survey, or notification that it's shipped. more info please.
shipping notification received!!
@warren. i missed the update on the update page. i was just posting that the update was there in case someone besides me didn't see it. i really didn't realize that the update was being discussed here until you told me. all is good and they seem to be aware that we need some kind of word. i'm sure they are all working hard to get the product out and right!.
hi all, i just want to let you know that jerry is at the factory now overseeing the r2 production and i am going to put together another update with some pictures soon! just want everyone to know that things are actually getting very very close and we are definitely all hands on deck to get the robo r2's in your hands.
@neil. in no way am trying to be argumentative with you. just trying to get on the same page. i think we can all agree that we can see the light at the end of the tunnel.  the biggest delay probably came from the deal with foxxcon. i feel that is a welcome delay.
@neil. yeah, i seen the update but it was also late. if you look at all the post since the update, i was just saying i can live with delays. i know when all is said and done we'll have an awesome printer that will make us forget about a few months delay.  but if they say they're gonna give us an update on a certain day then they should post something. even if they just let us know they are still waiting on info so the update will be accurate. don't just leave us hanging. not pissed, just like to know what's going on. if i recall, even you were posting wanting to know where that update was at.
@warren sorry warren, the comments sure had me fooled.
we've been talking about the update.
there is a new march 22 update on the status of the r2 and c2 if you check the update section here on ks.
what ruffles my feathers is their lack of communication and updates they say oh update at the end of the week or mid-week and two weeks later we get the update. i really feel they should be giving us an update at this point twice a month on friday without fail even if it's a very small little update to let us know how things are going or what not. they need a lot of snow with her going to be doing for the people who have been dealing with these two lies and broken promises i really feel they owe their backers at this point a little more especially with the fact they say one thing then a couple of days before that day they go all we have had more delays. on top of that i feel a need to stop worrying about events and be more focused on getting the printers done and saving face with their backers. one thing i feel they really should do is hire someone they can say hey i need you to post this and let somebody work at posting on what's going on with the printers and that's their job their only job. i understand this is a kickstarter i understand there's going to be be delays.however their lack of honor and respect for their backers is really showing, and i personally find it disappointing.
@john. lol, i agree. 1 quick post here instead of a bunch of emails.  i think there was somewhere around 260+ r2s promised on kickstarter. seems most people are relaxed about it as i only see a small amount of people posting here. most of  posting just would like to know whats going on in the process.  if it gets another delay, tell us. we'll get over the delays when we get that brand new shinny printer. what we'll remember most is the lack of communication.
@ warren - it has to be quicker to post a non-news update here vs responding to emails or phone calls.  i did call a few weeks back, when that did not get anywhere braydon did email with a mid-april estimate.  my feeling is may is more likely, hopefully for my other printers not much longer than that.  i don't want to spend money fixing them when i have replacements on order.
https://robo3d.com/investor-relations/ i'm not worried about their cash flow.  from the beginning it was technically a kickstarter campaign and not a preorder. logistically there was no reason to view it any other way no matter what they said. they were still to far off from manufacturing to expect the ship dates would be accurate. too many things can and have happened to effect the ship date. but i have confidence that we will see a very well built machine at a very nice kickstarter price. and i think we can see the light at the end of the tunnel. i may have missed something but i don't see them advertising the c2 with run out detection at this point? if people are  buying them retail, they probably aren't getting it or maybe not even expecting it. just a guess though.  like i said, i didn't have high expectations that the initial delivery time would be met so i was only slightly disappointed. what has disappointed me highly is when they "say" they are going to give us an update on a certain day and then blow us off. i understand that he was waiting for some information to come in so the update would be accurate. thats great but if it doesn't come in, at least  write us a quick note here and tell us that your still waiting for your info. please don't leave us here hanging. if you say your going to do something, do it. otherwise it leaves people to speculate.   does anybody here actually believe we will get updates next week from china?
@neil, i had one of the first 25 of the original robo 3d printers from the original kickstarter (not the r1) with the heat element sandwiched between wood and glass (not even borosilicate glass) running on two furniture drawer slider rails, and it still printed great jobs.  i since traded them my original with all the mods for the r1 printer. i understand the people who voicing their concerns over communication and contact with the kickstarter community, but trust me, i must have a bad run of luck as some of my pledges are still have not arrived 3 1/2 years after the promised date, with postings that there has yet been another "delay" in the manufacturing of the item.  i have asked questions and got 0 responses.  at least robo is keeping up some sort of communication to assure you that your money didn't get taken to tahiti.
they did update their r2 page to show 'shipping in april' in red letters under the pre-order button and the c2 page to show 'shipping in 24-48 hours' under the order now button. i guess that's their way of telling us..... let us find it other than the reply to support email.
i have another concern that has only been barely touched on from what i read. on ks, they have 394 backers pledging $382,027. when you take more that 394 printers that they owe people, that leaves less than $1000/printer. take away development costs, labor for 2 1/2 years of development, the cost of each printer, etc., that does not leave much profit unless these are being produced at a very low cost each. they state that they at one point did not need to touch our money for producing these, i believe that could have changed. they offered stock in australia in order to raise money, and are supposedly selling c2 printers without good filament runout detectors through amazon and other sources to raise more capital. well, i sure hope they are in better shape financially than it appears. the r1 plus that i have is a great printer, and i do hope they stay in business. they have had our money since back in sep/oct 2016. i hope it's still there with them falling so far behind. this sure looks like a regular ks project even if they stated that it was only placed on here to offer their loyal customers and early discount. i just can't believe they don't operate transparently with their backers through regular updates, even if the news isn't good. yes, they will take criticism that way, but it will establish more trust. just my  2 cents worth.
@pclabtech, i have backed 62 ks projects and a number of igg (large portion being hardware products). i have also released products professionally so quite familiar with challenges around both the platform and the concept. all the items you list are items most ks projects use as arguments why they are delayed but none of them are new concepts and should be part of planning. claiming that you got a delay because chinese new year says nothing but bad planning and lost trust if used as argument. my points are not that issues happen, my concerns are that they send out updates that delivery plans are on schedule and then wait until the week before to change the message. especially since they send out directly to people that they knew that they wouldn't be able to keep to the deadline. regarding priority, i am not saying that the people doing assembly are not working as fast as they can but when you prioritize marketing over delivery and try to make it sound like everything is fine and smells like roses you loose trust. yes they need to build their revenue stream but as pointed out earlier, how many people with the product will give them good feedback as a company if treated disrespectfully. the fact that they sell on retailers with guaranteed delivery time usually mean that the company needs to add to their cashflow. i have seen other ks projects do this but they have been upfront with it. all in all, this all comes down to trust as a company.
@henrik, i know it is frustrating, but a lot of kickstarters with this kind of product, dependent on chinese manufacturing during their new year sabbatical, cause delays.  problems arise during manufacturing that also were probably unforeseen. i live here near their hq.  last time i was there they were all hard at work making sure the c2 machines had no problems before shipping them to the customers.  i could not stay long because of this.  i have no doubts they are not just sitting around playing solitaire. braydon, get off your butt and go help!   j/k
so the response below stating "so we are taking care of that issue here in house but it is only a few per day so things are moving a little slow as we get caught up, should be only a little longer" annoys me a lot. this is where you use all hands on deck. meaning if you are not busy with other tasks that are directly related to delivery of the product you jump in. writing blogs does not fall in this category.
i'm assuming that if they don't have a good fix for the filament runout detection on the c2, that this could also be a factor in the holdup on the r2. it's frustrating that these are so far behind schedule, but  i'm glad that they are trying to get it right. they do need to send their management to customer relations classes so that updates can be much more forthcoming. weekly updates are essential at this point even if it says no news this week. their customer service is good and timely on tech issues, but their updates to backers will affect their sales. with almost no updates to backers, how many of those backers would recommend purchasing of a robo to their friends.
fry's, amazon, b&h, amazon, newegg are selling the c2 (for a few weeks?) -- the backers who ordered in october don't get theirs. those printers are so broken? i have received nothing but evasive answers when contacting customer support. isn't a pre-order a contractual obligation to deliver before orders? this is a publicly listed company by now (i think). i need my printer.
sharing the update i received.  mar 22 2017 hi guys, any update on the c2 shipping? last update was "almost here" in january. two months later and no new updates. the comments section is starting to turn ugly :) any update to help set expectations is helpful for your backers.  -brian robo mar 22 2017 report spam hi brian we have them but the filament runout detectors were not fixed on them as we were led to believe, so we are taking care of that issue here in house but it is only a few per day so things are moving a little slow as we get caught up, should be only a little longer. regards, dave
@neil phillips that is word for word the message i got lol. the concern i have for backers like me who do not live in the u,s when will we see our printers i take it the first shipment & possibly the second will be to america, so does the rest of the world have to wait another 3-4 mounts before we get the printers ? wow if was possible how many backers would take there money back now. my faith in this company is all but gone
@creator, while everybody understand that delays happen, waiting until week before expected delivery date to say that you are delayed weeks is in typical ks style and as always highly disrespectful. based on the comment below that shipping from factory to us is 30 days you knew that this delay was already happening. if you didn't know i really have to question your ability to track activities. if you did know i'm questioning your previous comment where you stated you were on track since 30 day shipping would have been delayed then as well. this last update is also very vague on timing which adds to concerns around trust. "weeks" delay...30 days shipping...testing of each unit. this is at least 2 months and putting us in june. this said...this is way to much like beginner ks projects and you are really loosing trust at this point.
hello everyone. i contacted support this afternoon, march 22, and asked if there was any news of when they may ship. this is their reply: hi we have had a few delays, but the development and manufacture is going well despite setbacks , it is unclear when they will be shipping to us from overseas at this time, but it is a minimum of 30 days to arrive in the us from time of shipping, but we will ship to our customers as soon as they arrive here and have been tested, we will update as soon as there is news on shipping, sorry for the delays, we are as anxious as you guys to get our new printers :) please sign up on our web site for newsletter/updates and be one of the first to know when it is going to be in market. thank you for your interest.
@neil phillips i agree with you. there lack of honor is a major disappointment and to me is starting to show there true colors. they care way more about events, pr, money and what you can print over there backers.
they must be shipping next, or 2nd, day shipping to get them delivered by the 27th. lol. i will be surprised to see them in march. no news in this case may not be good news.
i would also like to say i hope you are compensating backers for the multiple delays and lack of updates on the r2!  we haven't heard anything on it since the beginning of february and now days away from the 27th when its supposed to arrive and nothing!
so if you are so ready where are our r2's!  i mean i was last told march 27th was the delivery date.  its not march 22nd and no update has come in!  it's getting to the point where i am wondering if i need to request my money back!  i find myself wondering if it will ever arrive.  you keep posting publicity updates instead of backer updates.  its super annoying!
i think that most people here are being very kind, considering. most forums just bash. customer service is the most important of any business, and especially repeat business. if people keep writing about their lack of good correspondence with their backers/customers, that will eventually severely hurt their business. they may be too busy to realize that, or too inexperienced business wise. i hope that at some point they wake up to this fact. it just compounds the disappointment to promise that you will have a big update on a certain day, and have that day pass without even a word. just sayin'
i'm not saying you're wrong. but i suppose if information has not changed since the last update i don't really need an update. i agree though, even small updates are nice
agree with that robert, i enjoy talking with my customers and i send many of them updates directly through text messages.  even when i have bad news for them.  ;)
i have no problem with delays, they are to be expected and honestly i don't care about the delay as long as i know that there is a delay and where things stand. i fully believe they are doing everything they can to get the product out the door with few  to no flaws. however there is always time to keep people in the loop, to let us know things are moving forward and that no major problems were encountered.  failing to make time to properly communicate to us on a regular basis is poor showing for any company. my company produces high end products with extremely difficult to work with natural materials and everything we make is essentially a custom piece. problems happen and they cause delays and we keep the costumer in the loop at all costs regardless of how small of a delay it may cause. we release multiple new products each year and it sucks because things always go wrong. our customers stay in the loop and we earn life long customers because of it.   i don't care how much time they are putting in every day, to tell me you can't take 5-10 minutes a week to write a quick message on the board not even a full update, is in all honesty for me very insulting.
ah yes i did see that one. i thought you meant a ks update. i'm not sure what i expected for updates but i also kinda wasn't expecting this many delays given that they are better equipped this time.
here was a march 8th update - https://www.facebook.com/robo3dprinter/videos/1333300930060524/ @michael kramer - sorry meant more that they kept people updated on that one, and had an overall good track record setting them up well for this kickstarter drive.  one reason i did go in on this vs waiting for it later on amazon/websites. i will admit, i did think the delays would be less likely as i thought things were more mature in the design and production process for the c2/r2.  i was expecting delays, things happen, but i was not expecting the lack of updates here.
@neil phillips thanks! @john mueller as far as their r1 line track record goes i was a little late to the kickstarter party on that one, but i swear to you i waited over 5 months to get it and then had all kinds of issues with it. probably my fault looking back on it, but it did not produce a print for a very long  time. i'm just making the point that i waited a pretty long while. i don't check most the other places either, and i understand 500 comments are a lot to sift through. most of the info i find is in the previous updates on ks. are you referring to february's update? if not, i haven't gotten that new one... i do not blame anyone for having complaints. they are not without reason. i was sitting at my computer friday morning hitting the refresh button as i'm sure a few others were. it's not easy for me either, but i am trying to temper my expectations and not take it out on them.
i guess my complaint as a backer, is that they have a good track record with the r1 line.  so i did expect more updates, instead they have been on facebook/instagram.  i come look for the news on here, and not see anything.  i do not check the other social channels so i am missing out on their updates. if robo could at least post here, saying check out our update over here for some info it would be fine with me.  some in this community were posting updates when they saw them, and i have been trying to watch myself on those channels a bit more often. i did get an update via email on the r2, so hopefully that is shared with everyone here soon.
@michael kramer .... just this morning, i was thinking of writing a post along the same lines. well said! robo probably have their hands full trying to get us a good printer, and cut down on their support calls. most here probably couldn't handle the pressure that these people have with 2 new releases.
there have been a lot of complaints to see updates when it's obvious that many have not read current updates(or comments) explaining why the c2's haven't shipped yet. i do not like waiting either but it might help to practice some patience. braydon says he's gonna to have an update on friday, and it didn't happen. that does not mean we need to freak out. it's not even an indicator that our printers will be delivered later than they would have been anyways. does everyone really believe these guys wake up in the  morning and say, 'eh, f'em' ? i guarantee that is not the case. we are effectively their bosses. does anyone here have an a hole boss? does anyone here have employees? are we being understanding of these guys the same way we might be of our employees or are we being the a hole boss? perhaps a better employee would keep us up to date more often, but we have no idea what these guys schedules or lives are like. they are human beings, and they are trying to get us printers made and shipped, that we would otherwise not be getting at all.  they are going to run into issues, plain and simple. we should not be the a hole bosses that they will be worried to report to. we should be the understanding, patient bosses who are grateful for the work they're doing.
robo now sells the c2 with promised delivery within 48 h according to their web site. i paid for mine in october. but no c2 in sight for me, either. robo received close to 1/2 million dollars in advance funding. this points to a cash flow problem.
i agree. robo has the time to tell people in numerous social media posts and press releases how much money they raised on kickstarter. but they don't take the time to adequately update the people who actually invested that money in robo to receive a product purchased in advance on good faith.
i started a comment thread on there facebook page that actually got a response. maybe if a few more of us make an appearance it might get it through there heads. or make it worse i'm not sure
update by friday? c2 delivered november 2016? can you please let us know when either of these forecasts is going to pass?
wow what a shock no up date, and yet another broken promise from robo 3d. your more focused on other things than your backers it seems. who cares about a blog right now when you can't do a simple task of giving up dates to your backers. as a company you should be a very ashamed of yourselves as a business for your lack of respect to your backers and having your ducks in a row.
robert - that makes two of us.
is that when we will get our r2s
what is it going to be now? september? 2457?
i'm ashamed to say that i actually believed we would get the update as promised
@issac redford. i have gotten nothing yet and i am in the states
arent international customers supposed to get their r2s in april but you have not even sent backer surveys yet
@ henrik johansson, i am so with you on this. it is starting to becoming a joke. the lack of care for the investors seems to show. the fact you can go on to amazon and order the c2 says a lot
@creator, really looking forward to the update on status. last message was that you were on time and that you would post more frequent updates...with the lack of updates i am of course hopeful you will not follow the same path as many others and post delays same day. would still like to know expected shipping frequency. with many people still asking for their c2's it seems to be a very slow trickle? finally, it's great that you are writing a blog about the development efforts, this is good marketing for your company and looking forward to read it...but i really hope that is not prioritized over getting actual rewards out to backers or the lack of updates. blog is fine but not important at all if it comes to the price of delayed shipping or continuos info to backers. in your messages below you use "should" and "waiting to get updates"...these don't really work with focusing on non-delivery priorities. but, hoping you have the right people in place to know the status...would be great to get their status posted here from a trust perspective.
just like someone saying "i'll pay you friday", they didn't say which friday. lol
@neil - we are half way through friday here in australia!
@braydon looking for the great update. today would be 'by friday'.......:)
i haven't got my robo yet what's going on?
@ellaine, most definitely!! i know the c2's just arrived so we are looking to get those out quickly as well. things are moving! thanks
@braydon please also include c2 shipping information along with the r2 stuff on the coming update! thanks!
hey all, this is braydon again. doing 2 things at the moment. first is i am writing an update and still waiting on some final feedback, but i am also crafting a pretty cool blog about what has gone into the development of the r2. anyways, i will have an update to you all by friday.
so when will we be getting the r2 printers? its mid march and the last up date was 2/10/17.
any update on when c2's will be shipping?
c2 shipping!!!!
with all the talk about the r2 i am just wondering what the time frame is now on the c2 shipping ?
thanks for this update braydon. any updates, no matter how big or small, are always appreciated.
hey everyone, just want you all to know that things are pushing forward. we are waiting on one update from our packaging group for the r2 and then i will be able to give you a really really good update. i know it has been a few weeks, just wanted to make sure i had all the final answers from engineering, supply chain, and marketing so we could give you the best possible update. stay tuned. thanks -braydon
hey everyone, just want you all to know that things are pushing forward. we are waiting on one update from our packaging group for the r2 and then i will be able to give you a really really good update. i know it has been a few weeks, just wanted to make sure i had all the final answers from engineering, supply chain, and marketing so we could give you the best possible update. stay tuned. thanks -braydon
@pclabtech thanks
@neil, pretty sure it's just for advertising... it simply read "the robo r2 will be shipping soon.  pre-order yours at a special price of 1,299 using code ..."
@pclabtech just wondering how you received an sms text about shipping when they haven't even asked for shipping/contact info yet and they just posted a reply to my question that we will be contacted through kickstarter close to the shipping date for that info.
i got an sms text yesterday stating that it will be shipping soon (the r2)  fingers crossed.
@robo3d, what is the expected shipment frequency for the r3 once you start shipping end of this month?
kenneth - i don't work for robo.  i'm just an r2 backer passing along info.
keep in mind ed that not all of use facebook. it was a hassle to watch as i was frequently asked to log in. however, thanks for the update and hard work to come up with a great product that i am sure will exceed our expectations.
thanks for the post ed. nice update.
r2 video update from robo on facebook today: https://www.facebook.com/robo3dprinter/videos/1333300930060524/
any updates on the r2?
@simon palmer try calling them at 1-844-476-2633 and they should be able to assist you.
nooooo! it was all going so well but it looks like i've lost one of the magnets from my c2 build plate, how do i order a new one?
are the r2s for internationals leaving the shipping plant in late march or expected to arrive in late march
thanks for the update, robo. always nice to get information so we don't feel forgotten.
hey guys coby here. just read some of your comments and @michael kramer hit it on the nose. the c2's that we are waiting to ship to all of you are the ones that will come with runout detection. if you had received the update from some time ago, we had those that wished to receive their printer without runout detection sign up, and believe those backers had received theirs. we just got a new shipment in of c2's yesterday, and are performing quality checks on them to make sure they are good to ship to all of you. hope this makes sense. if you have any other questions or comments, feel free to send us a message and we should be able to update you further about your pledge. thanks!
early bird c2 backer here. i'd also like an update on when we are getting our shipment. i'm in the us if that matters at all.
also i believe that if you backed an r2 c2 combo that they ship together.
didn't they say they are only offering the models without the run-out detection on amazon? isn't that why c2 backers are waiting? i feel like theyve said that a few times
shame that the c2 backer's rewards haven't been fulfilled entirely yet... especially when some c2 units are already available on amazon and some other places ... there are no excuses for that... on my end i'm still waiting for the filament detection run out fix... 2 months already that i received the c2 (thanks god) but those fixes should have been shipped in january...
i definitely feel for those who are waiting on their c2 and they're already being offered for sale to the public. i'd be pissed and calling everyday. i wonder where the backers live? no excuse not to have them if they live in the us. for the other countries, who knows what kind of b.s. they have to go through with customs. i think some peoples expectations are a bit too high. it's not like we ordered direct.  this may not have been meant to be used as a traditional kickstarter campaign but the fact is, it still is. we jumped on the bandwagon for a product that wasn't in production, hoping we would get our  printer exactly on time . i thought the likelihood that an established company being able to hit a target date would be pretty good but they missed it. i'm not too shocked or pissed about that issue.  i think we can have some reasonable expectations but it's kickstarter so all we can do is get pissed while a company looses face to their customer base. it's not an order so we dont have the same recourse to get money back. because they we're established i was willing to take that financial risk of funding. no way would i give that much money to a un-established company with such a lack of recourse.  at least we didnt buy into tiko: https://all3dp.com/tiko-in-trouble-layoffs-tight-financial-situation-shippings-delayed/ looks like people may never get their promised reward from tiko. robo3d looks like they're here to stay. especially after their successful ipo. i think everybody can agree the biggest problem is the lack of communication.  look at the comment history. they answered questions on a frequent bases until they closed the funding. i cant believe somebody cant chime in every couple of days. william elliott, your in the states. have they communicated with you as to why you don't have your c2? i hope they get your c2 to you soon.
as a c2 backer, i believe i've been patient since the initial november fulfillment target but seeing the printer available from third party sources when i still have not received my early-backer c2 printer is disheartening. at this point, i'd like concrete answers as to when i can earnestly expect my printer or a refund to purchase one from another source with more dependable shipping.
i watch people recently stating that they are still on target with the r2, and it's a kickstarter campaign. i just want to state a couple of corrections. target was january for receiving the r2, march is not on target. robo stated that this is not a kickstarter campaign in that they didi not need the money to fund this but they put it on kickstarter to give their loyal customers an early discount. so, please get your facts right. in their defense, if there were problems with the r2 original project build, i would rather they take a couple of more months and get it right. foxcon does have a good reputation on building electronics. it is concerning, however, to see people showing the c2's for sale on amazon and ebay when they haven't received their kickstarter purchased printer. just sayin'
selling the c2 retail before fulfilling ks backers orders? the r2 not even in production yet? what is robo up to ????
http://www.ebay.com/itm/robo-c2-compact-smart-3d-printer-with-wi-fi/252779686035…
if people aren't getting their c2s yet. the international customers probably won't get theirs in april as promised
...huh, amazon does have it in stock. i don't consider myself impatient but i'll admit i'm a little surprised.  an update would be welcome...
i haven't got my c2 yet and your selling them on amazon wtf
@mike: the r2 prototype were done already,but they switched manufacturer half way for the r2. the pilot build they got from them looked promising despite minor tweaks required to it. means they are still on schedule for the delivery next month. late march most likely. we'll, i hope so and pray for it everyday... jk
wait a minute you have been funded since late october and your still prototyping the r2 did something go wrong? is there something you need to tell the backers what's taking the r2 so long to go into production?
no argument against you. just pointed you to the correct information that's available. we all have money invested in this so there is no reason for people to become misinformed. you called them liars. i just asked why because that is a pretty strong accusation. the only thing they've really missed on was the "projected" ship dates. but this is a kickstarter campaign so they are always subject to change. i'm sure robo wants them done  too so they can start making money on them. my last post was a bit of a joke. my phone gave me the option to post a smiley face at the end but it didn't transfer over. i surely hope and expect your printer to arrive in one piece. watching an unpacking, they seem pretty well protected.  also, yes i am the same warren.
are you the same warren as warren n or do all warrens argue against me?
nice update robo. issac, they're probably gonna send you a broken one for calling them liers.�
i think some people would agree that we'd be lucky if the r2s came in one piece. from what they told us i think international backers will get their r2s april-may
an update for the c2 deliveries and the r2 would be nice
@robo : you guys mentioned that the first prototype of r2 would be done in january.  any update to feed us? hope everything is good. really can't wait for that one. best,
are we not over due a r2 update??
@ robert trama:  thanks.
i would imagine it goes to 290c
hey question: can the print head print at temperature like 260°c +?? want to print some nylon materials but wanna make sure. been using the nylon 230 so far because i didn't know but it's out of stock now... can make a test of course but i figure i'd ask. thanks in advance for any answer :)
that is a good review john.  go ahead and watch it issac and see for yourself.
nicely done c2 review: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@issac redford, why are they liars? they claim auto leveling not auto calibration. you make the adjustment in one spot. on printers without this feature, you make this adjustment in several places on the bed. the machine uses a ir sensor after that. you should have read all the updates before making that statement.  check out the update back from oct. 19: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1238702276/robo-c2-and-robo-r2-smart-3d-printers/posts/1711471 now, if i have to re-calibrate every time i shut the machine off, that will suck.(per protofactor) why can't it  retain the calibration? might as well let me manual level and be done with it. hardly ever level my flashforge creator pro and print mostly at .100. guess i'll wait and see.
@jonathan ackland: ben usin my c2 for a little while now( december 18th 2016). even after a first calibration you still need to re run the calibration if you turn off the c2. i even literally just started a print right now where i had to re calibrate right afetr a print... it was a first time though. usually if you left the printer on after a good calibration you could run a lot of print without having to re calibrate... just my experience. my c2 have some few issues... ( besides filament run out detection) but i'm still really happy to be able to practice and create my prototypes and tests with it.
since the printer isn't touching the bed, the printer needs to know the z offset distance of the nozzle the first time so it can auto level. once it's set it can level automatically as long as you don't change the nozzle.
go watch it and see for yourselves
@pclabtech on their c2 set up video they showed what looked like assisted calibration where you had to use the touch screen to move the extruder head up and down until you felt friction between the bed and the extruder
it's either laser or infrared for the auto calibration and as many of us r1/+ users are now testing out meahleveling. you only have to measure the bed once
@issac: if i am not mistaken, the units are supposed to have laser calibration, but i could be wrong.
no wonder they don't respond here often.
dear robo. you lie about your auto calibration. i saw your latest youtube video. that is not auto calibration. auto calibration is when you hit print the printer goes around touching the edges and measuring distance please install full auto calibration on the r2
any update on android app? or alexa integration with c2? thanks love my c2!
i backed the r2 + c2 set but no longer need the c2.  if you might be interested  in the c2, please contact me at roboc2@trashmail.com
got in touch w/ robo3d, they said i could cancel the order if i so wanted.  they also suggested that if i knew anyone who wanted to buy the preorder off me, they could do that and ship it directly to them.  im backer #44 for the r2, paid $999 for $43 shipping, so would just ask for the $1042.  let me know in the next couple days.
we're working on getting the filament run-out detection in the next shipments of printers.  those that are purchasing them now, will get the parts to update their c2's when they're available.  we expect to have these updated versions by the end of february.
can someone please explain to me how this can be ready to ship now yet we don't have ours ?  i got a post on my facebook page from robo. i went to there web page and sure enough here it is saying ready to ship ? https://store.robo3d.com/collections/all/products/robo-c2…
any update on when the c2 will ship?
?
i have recently changed to a phone running windows will you release the robo app for windows phones
when are the c2 going to ship.i know you guys said that they should ship early jan but it is not late jan ?
@marcus call them directly
is there any way to get money back at this point?  my situation has dramatically changed since this funding (don't have a house to out the r2 in even!).  i sent an email to robo3d support, but no response.
http://www.3ders.org/articles/20170116-robo-3d-and-foxconn-sign-manufacturing-agreement-for-robo-r2-3d-printer.html it's nice to know who their new manufacturing partner is.
dear robo. to improve the r2 and make up for the delays could you at least put the iris lid on the r2. if not design a jpeg file for a laser cutter and installation instructions and send them to the r2 backers
@brian at least in germany that doesn't work.
@mike, there should be no import duties for overseas shipments with your kickstarter pledge.  essentially you have not purchased an r2 or the product itself.  kickstarter by nature, is a "fund raiser" to accomplish a goal and you have backed us on that.  your gift based on your pledge is an r2.  check with you local import laws on how they treat kickstarter and gifts.
wow really that far off your target date? and even longer if you don't live in the u.s ? i know on kickstarter you expect delays and never to believe in the target date but the possibility of over a 3 month wait for over seas customers seams like a long wait, i just feel this news could have been maid earlier? i just hope the second extruder can be shipped with the r2 so there's not a second heavy import tax bill to be paid
check your emails for an update
@john mueller, i'm glad s3d is talking to someone.  i work in cincinnati, 15 minutes from their office and have offered for them to come to my work or we go there to deliver them a c2 in person and have got the "not interested too busy".  you mind hitting me up off comments for a chat on what they told you?  mmintus@messer.com  thanks.
@pclabtech my frustration is from the lack of communication they're giving their backers. all it takes is them posting hey we hit a hiccup things are going to be pushed back a little bit we apologize for the inconvenience. the fact they can't even give a little post like that a reassurance that everything is going good or will be fine is what's so incredibly frustrating. their lack of communication is what's wearing my patience thin. on top of that from a business aspect they should be giving updatesupdates. they should be taking the time to give reassurance to their backers. from my perspective with them not giving updates it comes across as all they care about is the money. if they felt there could have been any issues with any of this they could have said instead of shipping in january march added two months to give themselves that buffer.
tiko is shipping, just to be fair to them. they are doing so in groups. i got mine last week. there are lots of issues however, but they shipped. now ibox nano never shipped to the majority of backers. very few people got them and they said they either were horrible or broke out of the box. robo is a reputable company so there's no issue to worry about with not getting a printer. they offered to ship the c2 to anyone that wanted it now and we're not worried about the small issue they were having. i think in the end it will be worth the wait though. i'm pretty much assuming the c2 will ship early next month and the r2 late march. my assumption from what i read, but in the end judging off the r1+, it'll be worth the wait.
@simon i think where the frustration is coming from is really just the complete lack of communication on robo's part. i heard about the tiko thing but that does not mean we should be ok with robo not communicating. remember the tiko guys never shipped anything. robo had a successful campaign with the r1 so there is a level of trust that is placed on them and with that their customer have expectations. now that we know something based on the content from ces that is helpful although disappointing from a ship time standpoint. we still don't know anything about the second extruder. certain features should be baked at this point. the fact that all these questions are unanswered and with the original shipping estimate being january (now march) people including myself are a bit uneasy.
@protofactor, inc - s3d gave me a nod and wink type email about future support and cool things on the way for c2/r2.  i was asking them for some advice on my current machines, and while i was at it i asked on the new robo's. on another note here is some r2 news if this has not been shared yet: https://www.facebook.com/robo3dprinter/videos/1281994361857848/
@morgan to be fair robo did offer express shipping with the c2. i got mine fairly recently because of a hold up with uk customs but you could have got one three weeks ago. however from your previous posts it looks like you're waiting for the r2 which i'm pretty sure isn't in "stock and shipping." i assume people complaining didn't back tiko...
@morgan, i see you only have 2 pledged things, one was never funded.  you are new to kickstarter.  using honey instead of vinegar gets you more ants.  i live near to their hq and the last time i stuck my head in, they were quite busy, and i know, from owning their original kickstarter 3d printer, that they back their product and probably will answer your question about where your c2 is (if that is what you pledged for).  in the world of kickstarter, most technology estimates, even though realistic, most of the time end up being months (if not years, as some of my pledges have been) off schedule due to production problems. perhaps they do need to address this on an update in kickstarter, i don't blame you for being mad about that. kickstarter is not for the non-patient. just a warning.
@ david mortlock i would say at this point no.  we where  supposed to have priority however like i said i think that's gone out the window
i see from their website that the c2 is in stock and shipping now. pity i don't have mine yet, and no news on when i will get it. did kickstarters ever have priority?
great, thanks!
yep, created a custom profile. it's mostly asking for the build volume in mm 127×127×152 // 0.4 mm nozzle // and the filament size 1.75mm. you should be able to start with that. at least that's what i did. i bet it will soon be supported by simplify3d anyways. but so far with s3d i never had a missed print.
@protofactor thanks for the help and advice. so do you use simplify3d with a custom profile?
@simon palmer: even if simplify3d isn't yet part of the supported machines. you can stil edit a profile to be able to use it via usb sticks. you basically have to edit a few parameters in order to do so. i couldn't recommend enough to use simplify3d over cura. so much easier to have a successful beautiful print that sticks every time to the build plate. and the supports are so much easier to take off. for $150 it was a no brainer to me. just my 2 cent though. some people my have another take on this.
ok, potentially stupid question. what slicing software should i be using for the c2? the website has a download for cura 2.3 but windows only and i'm on a mac. says coming soon... how soon and are there any alternatives? just checked simplify3d and the c2 isn't compatible (although i presume it will be at some point).
or as a third option include the dual extruder kit for free or give us some sort of code to get it free of the website when it is released
or the iris design that were suggested early in the campaign
mabye to make up for delays they could put in a filter or thie iris
are we getting tracking numbers when you're delivering are 3d printers
@ robert trama i called them and the tech person i talked had no idea it was pushed back to march. nor did some of the other guys know about it ether.  the way the found out about the february push back was youtube. they need to get someone who can handle the public for them.
i am in agreement with morgan. it's incredibly unprofessional of a business to not give any form of contact
@ john good i get things take time however the lack of updates on here is not a good thing. over eight weeks with no up date on the r2 is what is so disappointing. on top of that it is a lack of good business even more so with the kind of money that people are putting in to the printers.  on top of that they could have said we hit a little hiccup and things are going to be pushed back. just letting the backers know shows respect. i hope they give an update themselves on the printers. along with doing something extra for the delay and lack of updates to show they care about there backers.
should read "manufacturing contracts are being finalized right now." the day before yesterday robo support told me mid february. well i just wish robo good luck to be able to ship the printer as soon as possible. i mean they probably want it too. a bit earlier updating would be good though.
@ neil phillips. this is becoming bs. as ricky ricardo would say "lucy, you got some 'splainin' to do!"
wow, march now...... when they told us end of january. i even have email from robo stating end of january just a week ago. i knew something was smelling fishy when they haven't even asked for our address yet. i'm really disappointed with this news.
watch the live stream on facebook. nice video-tour around the robo booth on ces. the information that everyone was waiting for is in it aswell: kickstarter shipping of the r2 beginning to mid march. manufacturing contracts are finalized right now. that's why they waited with posting an update on kickstarter. i am a bit surprised that robo is finalizing the contracts that late. doesn't it take a while till the manufacturing is build up? and chinese new year in between? or is the big anouncement manufacturing in the states to make america great again? ;-)
no paul, it was sent before the new year and may well have the run out detection issue. had a hold up at customs so only just got it home and set up tonight. set up was incredibly straightforward forward and first test print (robo key fob) went well. so very happy.
tune into facebook for a live update from the show floor guys! -braydon moreno
simon is yours one with the fix to the filament run out detection?
got my c2 today and it looks great. can't wait to try it out this weekend.
again very disappointed that we have had no updates on the r2 printers!!!!! the fact the updates are coming from third parties shows you have no care for your backers. with what we are paying for your product one would think that you would want to be the ones giving updates and so on. from the lack of response about the robo r2 or any of your, products it's starting to come across as if you don't care about your backers.  you have given zero updates about it. the last major update was about the robo c2, and that was on november 4 making that two months ago!it is showing that all you care about is the money. the fact it has been eight weeks shows a huge lack of respect to your backers. i am starting to regret backing your product. if there is no response from you guys as in the people who work for robo 3d within the next week, i will be contacting the bbb.
... and apparently i can get it tomorrow with prime.
been waiting patiently for my c2+r2 printers. just saw the videos from ces. wtf! you can order the c2 from amazon and it says there is 1 left. how about satisfying the kickstarter orders first. communication is key guys!!!! don't wait until you have "exciting" news and then not deliver. it starts to sound a bit patronizing. i keep hearing third hand updates on shipping etc. this is the kind of news that should be coming from robo.
and hearing the interviews i would not expect the shipment of the printer before march. maybe the shipment will start at the end of february, but till most of us have received it will be march.
ok so,mouthing new regarding the second print head for r2... still a hundred bucks and not delivered with the r2 unit. please @robo inform us on when we'll be able to purchase that second print head. thanks
https://twitter.com/revolverobotics/status/817131274443706368
https://twitter.com/robo3d/status/817109750588522497
the first videos from ces are coming online. https://www.youtube.com/watch… https://www.periscope.tv/itechnewszone/1nakemvdpebkl…
could the super early bird backers get some kind of priority due to the delays
brian, thanks for the update. i figured that the r2 would be set back since the c2 was set back. a month behind is not bad for a kickstarter. lack of updates is what sucked when many people asked. any future updates would be appreciated. thank you
new video...t-rex skull! https://youtu.be/on9tugakcjq
@brian how were any of us supposed to know we were on track for end of february when the super early birds were slated to ship in november and we never got an update in any form?
john ackland thanks for the info. its sad they did not give that update on here. i hope they offer something else with the printer for the added on time.
hey guys, ces is this week and we will have some exciting news for everyone then.  we'll be sure to update here as well.  we are still on schedule for end of february as jonathan just mentioned.
so i was on robo3d.com and i now see they say the shipping date for the r2 preorders is end the february. on the site i asked if that meant that the kickerstarter r2 backers will be shipping at that time as well and they replayed with "yes, same time but first".
from lack of response about the robo r2 its starting to come across as if you dont care about your backers. you have given zero up dates about it. the last major update was about the robo c2 and that was on november 4 making that two months ago! the fact it has been eight weeks shows a huge lack of respect to your backers. i am starting to regret backing your product.
to anyone with a c2 that is not in america was your c2 fitted with a us plug, fitted with a plug for your continent, or does it come with some sort of adaptor
for six weeks!!
y u no awnser comment questions!!!
i just hope that ces will bring some news on the r2. but i have to admit i am very disapointed. especially  since an update was promised and it is the month of the planed delivery.
+1
i agree with warren & morgan.  with the amount of money pledged toward the r2, the very least robo should do is commit to a short weekly update.  this is not the way to build a loyal fan base of early adopters.
very disappointed that we have had no updates on the r2 printers!!!!! especially with what they cost!
robo, we haven't heard anything about the progress of the r2 even when asked. we know your busy with the new printers and the ipo but it's been a long time since we've had any comments of progress. nov 21st you said to stay tuned for an exciting update for the r2 partnership. that's a six week tease. i  respectfully ask for some sort of update on the r2. thank you.
i think the print is not bad at all, considering that there are printers out there which even fail to print it.
wasn't able to experiment/play too much today, but i'll do both requests tomorrow night. for now, here is the lattice cube print i did the other day. https://youtu.be/shz4sxklmig
@robo any updates on the other c2's and r2's
@jeff a: thanks a bunch. that might be some helpful info for everyone. this way one can save on support material when slicing.
got another "clearance delay" notification from dhl that's the 9th one since december 21st. "the clearance process for this shipment is on-going with additional details required for clearance." could somebody let me know if additional details are being provided? is anybody else waiting for "express" delivery in the uk?
@john and proto- will do both tomorrow. stay tuned.
@jeff will you print the benchy once more in order so see if the error in the back happens again?
@jeff a : cool videos! did you make a test with the maximum angle you can go before the need for support? i'm out of filament and still waiting for a delivery which is taking forever... would love to know if the c2 can go over 45° or not. i know there is a free test print to use to figure it out.
new video posted of 3dbenchy: https://youtu.be/v0vg-tk--u8
robo, tomorrow is january 2017 and we have yet to see the r2 update we were promised weeks ago. can we please got some kind of update on the r2?
question-will the c2 also be getting alexa integration? if so when....if not...why?
done with the starter filament. i've had four kinks ruin four prints. i've never seen this on any other spool and i'm really hoping this isn't an issue with the feed mechanism on the printer. on to my esun pla+...stay tuned...
@jeff a:  i was lucky enough not to have that tangled thing happening. it started to do that once. i managed re arrange everything back on the spool and didn't encounter this issue again. however, indeed the filament shipping with the printer is clearly low quality... the diameter wasn't 1.75mm ll the way at +-0.05mm. looks like i had a spool that had a diameter with every 20cm or so a bigger diameter, causing the nozzle to over extrude slightly and therefore giving every 8mm a thicker layer popping out.... it's not ruining the print, but for sure a higher qulity filament can really improve a print. looks like you didn't have this issue though.
reeeeeally looking forward to the "filament out" detection fix...
gah! filament broke...again. first tip? ditch the starter filament and go with something like esun pla+. third time this has happened due to kinks on the spool.
awesome videos @jeff!! would like to see prints and tips when you start fine tuning and making higher definition prints
@john- ha, i actually have one printing already. looking good so far. i'll try that hybrid next though, looks fun.
the correct name is maker's muse.
if someone (jeff? :) ) wants to do a real torture test, check this out: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1862565 honor for the outside structure goes to makermuse (search him on youtube) but this guy remixed it with the famous benchy and a lion head inside. might print a little longer.
here's another one: https://youtu.be/tibwbglgvrq
any eta updates on those who opt for air shipment but opt to get the filament run-out detection fixed? i'm really looking forward to getting this and getting a little impatient.. i'm closed to san diego, ca.. can we pick up?? ;)
for robo r1 users, the alignment for the c2 and i assume r2 home in the air using the ir sensor.  totally different from the r1 that actually touches the bed.  makes sense though since this one is plastic.  just wanted to throw that out there.  since it kept homing in the air i stopped the print thinking something was a miss. =)
thanks for timelapse, jeff.
considering the silly international postage charges for filament, will you, robo, make it possible for us to order filament to be delivered with the r2 printers?
new video up! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
please, little update/comment regarding the second optional print head. thanks :)
two more things... 1.) the ir sensor...so legit. seriously, best auto level tech i've seen. 2.) how do i enable alexa integration? it this via the app or adding a skill? i really want to talk nerdy to my printer. thanks!
@brian-thank you for the response. i figured it out eventually and yeah...no dice on the ipad. i'm looking for my old ipod touch to see if i have any luck. i'm trying to figure out how to hook a webcam to the printer so i can monitor prints.
@brian, appreciate the info about the android app and being able to access the machine's settings via the web browser/ip address - as soon as i can get the c2's touch screen working and can join my wi-fi, i'll definitely be using that :) robert from your support team has been in contact with me regarding the screen issues, and i'll be applying his suggestions as soon as i can.  thank you all @robo for your support!
hi bryan, we just sent you an email about the screen.  we don't have an exact date for the android version of the app.  we are working on it. you can still use the printer from your android through the browser and just connecting through the ip address. @jeff, if you haven't found the iphone app yet, be sure to select for iphone only and search for "robo 3d"  there is a bit of a screen layout problem with the ipad, so just hang tight on that, we'll have an update soon.
while i'm awaiting support from help@robo3d.com for some display/touchscreen issues on my c2, i was curious if there was a timeframe for when the android version of the robo app would be available on google play?
no problem john. i know how much i appreciate when folks do it for me so trying to give back a little. i'll be doing more with it after work so will hopefully have a timelapse done by this time tomorrow. i'll also try to do a livestreamas as i'm playing so i can actively answer questions about the printer. stay tuned!
and i liked the way how you are commenting it, jeff. and how you went into the details. waiting for the time lapse. :-)
thanks jeff and protofactor for your first impressions.  appreciate it.
also, posted some videos of the robo c2. brief, rough, but something while i work on better videos.  https://www.youtube.com/watch… https://www.youtube.com/watch…
can't find the robo app. what is the actual name?
@don,  please email help@robo3d.com the team there can help you much more efficiently then on here.
stupid autocorrect. i meant pva not pbs...
really can't wait for the r2. totally looking forward to print with nylon and solvable support. regarding this, i would really like to have some eta about the ability to buy the second optional print head. also, any plans to sell nylon filament and pbs on the robo store?
iphone app seems to be working i have not loaded any original ideas cannot load software sent on usb to my laptop, also could not open it from internet. it seemed to load then it would not open. when i try to get it off of the usb it would be in an endless "think". filament run out detection does not work. i'll need the fix. my pause button is working now.
messer-i'm in richmond, virginia. i've had things shipped from ca before that arrived in just a few days, so i figured with express it would be the same. hope you enjoy your printer!
jeff, not sure what part of country you are in, but had i had it shipped to my home address and not my work address it would have came yesterday and it told me the 27. we are out of cincinnati.
hi robo team, i suppose i will get my printer in january, but i haven't received any email that acquiring my deliver address. please let me know if any delay occur because i am so excited to get my printer .
braydon - downloaded the robo 3d app to my ipad, opened it and did as you suggested by say no to the notifications option. i never see the "get started!" box. any clues?
so apparently "express ship" so it gets here "before christmas" means ground shipping that takes a week with an arrival of 12/27. merry christmas.
i keep getting "clearance delay" notifications from dhl. printer stuck in east midlands depot waiting for additional information for customs or something. so near yet so far...
took the whistle made on the printer to work and everyone loved it.  the wood pla looks great. many of my coworkers are now motivated to get a printer. one guy is going to get one for his kids graduation. good job robo. this is going to be really fun! can't wait to get the r2!!
i printed the whistle file that came on the usb from the company. it looks nice. works well. after sanding, it looks and feels like wood. i used the robo wood pla. of note: 1)the plastic would keep extruding before printing. it was a little messy. (was not being pushed through, i think the heat from the set and loaded plastic was just heating and leaking) 2) the touch screen is not as nice as sensitive as a smart phone. sometimes i had to press the screen multiple times. 3) the touch screen moves just a little, maybe it needs to be reinforced. i hope it does not eventually come apart or break. 4) i put elmers glue on the grip tape. (they sent a small stack of "grip tape " , just peel and stick on plate). the print did not come off like the first trial print. 5) my pause button did not work during the first trial print. i did not retest the pause button on the whistle print. i posted some pics. just file down until you see the wooden whistle. http://community.robo3d.com/index.php…
if anyone could post a unboxing and setup video of the c2 on youtube do it also do the super early bird backers get their c2s and r2s first?
here is the forum thread if any of you guys want to check out some print results: http://community.robo3d.com/index.php…
whoops, didn't mean to spam the forum. i know that some users were anxious and upset about the fact that almost no print results were shown to the public... i didn't know about the forum. will open a thread up there about my c2's results and simply post a link to that thread here to keep it clean. will also pst about the issue i had, this could help others.
i agree - protofactor, those prints look nice.  throw them up on the robo forum as well.
i might recommend all questions for printing help & printer troubleshooting be made on the robo forum: http://community.robo3d.com/index.php otherwise this kickstarter comment section is going to get real busy, real fast.  plus, the forum is searchable and people can reply directly under your question.  i also recommend robo staff monitor the forum closely to respond before any c2 / r2 issues get out of control.
protofactor, thanks for posting. really helpful. please keep them coming. i think those two look pretty good.
if some experienced users can chime in and give some links on how to finish up a piece. best practices etc i would be greatfull. :)
looks like i'll be the first to show some picture of a first print! :) took about 3 hours to print that piece at 0.1mm layer height, 1mm thickness wall, 25% infill with support. i split the model into 5 pieces torso, belly, arm left, arm right, leg left and leg right. currently printing the belly with the same settings... i'm really satisfied with the print. it's obviously not the detail and smoothness of a dlp but it looks really decent. just cleaned it real quick, not smoothing or sanding, just rough filing. http://protofactor.biz/firstprint_01.jpg   and http://protofactor.biz/firstprint_02.jpg will post some more from the other pieces as soon as they get printed out.
thanks @robo. already received the cura profile. i didn't set up the filament diameter to be 1.75mm hence i had holes all over the prints and they wouldn't stick real good to the build plate. 35% of the print. will take a pix soon! :)
@protofactor, please email us at help@robo3d.com and we will send you a cura profile that you can use for the c2 in the mean time.
so now i have some questions regarding optional heated print bed for c2 and second print head as well. re they going to be available soon in the future. is it only for r2s or also for c2s? eta for potential availability? thanks! :)
print got mess up... for some reason the robo magnet metal protection of the nozzle fell... and went onto the print which then also fell off the printer. i'm not sure as to how this happened... i had an angry kid at home last night.... maybe he did it as a revenge... who knows. it's pretty weird that that happened though. this think seems to be a good magnet... but the print was of a bad quality. i'm new to this so it's got to be the settings i set the printer at etc... i'm trying to use cura but there are no settings for the c2. tried to google around to know the firmware and some other info so that i can set up some good gcode... didn't get much luck. i split the bigger model into parts that i'm going to stick together after. less chances of error i hope. first print (upper torso should take about 2h30mn. will update after. looks like it's starting better than the print from yesterday.
@james,  i apologize we had to send the tracking numbers manually since we were trying to get everything out as fast as possible and we missed sending you the tracking number.  your printer did ship and we sent you the tracking number just a few minutes ago.  please let us know if you have any other questions.  help@robo3d.com
as an r2 backer i'm feeling regret on my investment. i'm left to judge the quality of my printer, by watching youtube videos of the first released c2. most owners of the c2 have probably purchased it as a hobby, so we're not really getting detailed videos on the printers production. would really appreciate some information on the r2, as we have been left in the dark. also, i've heard news on a newer, larger model being released in the future. will us original backers receive a discount on future products?
i have not yet received a tracking number, but have opted for the delivery before christmas.  can someone please update me on the delivery status for my unit?
i saw a video with information about a third model it was from a robo 3d employee he specified that it was 10x10x12 came pre installed with a dual extruder and the extra heads were also included
@jonathan  i took video and photos, opening the printer up from the box to set up. i don't know how to cut and splice the video and photos together. unfortunately, i won't have time until after christmas to learn and create the video. maybe someone else who knows how to edit and create a short film can do a box opening video.  sorry!
@jeff thanks for the advice. my son is a freshman in high-school and has already learned solid works and is excited to start creating. i have tons of ideas.  i used to have to contract out my ideas to be printed. very expensive. if this works well, then i can expedite my ideas. who knows maybe have something successful. this seems like a very quality piece of equipment. hopefully those of you with experience can give a better educated evaluation.
@jeff a : c2s ships with those buildtak i think. they are stickers the size of the c2's print bed. the one already on the build plate didn't help much unfortunately. still had to put some glue. but the first test print worked fine...
@john- if you can get buildtak it will help a ton, especially when getting started. glue works too, but it can be tricky.
@john- thanks for the update. robo is high quality filament, that will make things easier. also check out esun pla+, that stuff is amazing and easy to find on amazon. stay away from cheap filaments with few reviews, especially when starting. cheap filament will lead to problems you won't recognize until you've had more time to learn your printer. trust me...i learned the hard way. hope you and your kids enjoy the new printer!
well, the test piece just dislodged from the bed. pause button did not pause the print. i'll try another print tomorrow night. i'll try to use tape, glue or something to keep it stuck on.
@protofactor- welcome to what will soon be an addiction! i've played with quite a few printers, and the number one tip i give everyone is invest in buildtak or something similar. heated beds make life a lot easier, but with buildtak it isn't quite as big a deal. at least that has been my experience.
currently going through a test print. started a little ruff. plastic was not extruding. the heat was getting low, now at 210 degrees and going well. one corner not in line very well. now it is printing well. i have never used a 3d printer before. the set up was super easy. my kids are so fascinated, they are just sitting watching it like a movie. i ordered some plastic from the robo web site. did not get the 25% discount, but i couldn't wait to order.
@jeff a : no problem. i'm just a beginner in 3d printing even if i tried to get as much info as possible about it. but yeah, i'll try to give a,honest opinion on the product. but for sure, packaging is great, unboxing it make you feel you really have a finished retailed products in your hands.  a lot of padding etc, just like tvs to protect during travel. the design is great obviously.  but, what i noticed,is that you need to calibrate the print bed offset before each print to make sure the layers won't be off. i also had to put some glue on the print bed for the bigger print (currently running), for some reason the very first extrusion filament for the raft wouldn't stick to the bed. after about 5 attempts it finally stuck ( the glue might have helped i guess). so a heated bed option would definitely help  i assume. will post pix tomorrow.
@protofactor- thanks for the update. looking forward to seeing the photos and hearing more of your thoughts
went through the process of printing a test print. took about a little hour. result was pretty decent. just launched a big print of a detailed character. this print is going to take 20 hours+ i'll be able to post some links to raw prints tomorrow. for sure a heated print bed would be useful.
i hope the r2 update is going to be worth the wait.  i know the c2 are shipping first and all that, to stay completely silent on the vast majority if not all of the r2 backers feels like a bit of an insult and is not a great way to build trust.
@john devere, is there any way you could do a unboxing and first print video when you open your c2?
just got a pic from my wife. box has arrived. can't wait to get home to check it out!
@protofactor, inc i'm glad we were able to help you out.  certainly let us know if you need anything else.
ok so thanks to one of robo designer the issue was solved easily. he called me directly on the phone. the little usb connect on the front right of the green board needed to be unplugged - re plugged. that made me take a look at the the c2's guts, kinda fun. thanks for the support robo! :) now i have to figure out how to make some decent prints.
quick question: last week i asked (through the online chat option) a robo tech on the availability of the "optional heated bed" for the c2.  they told me that at this time they do not have any options, but a third party option may be available elsewhere. yet, back on october 21st (3:21pm) in the comments section on the kickstarter campaign, the following was commented by robo (creator): "@enoch there will be a heated bed upgrade for the robo c2, but to get down to the price point as well as add all the features we have, we could not make it with the heated platform." i would love to purchase a "robo" designed heated bed.......for the c2. maybe i was misinformed.....
i'm a happy owner of a c2 unit that i received this afternoon. however i'm the sad owner of a unit which is not working... :( waiting for one of the designer to get back to me via email so we can solve the issue ( touch screen not lighting up to go any further in the initial set up process...
just got my tracking number.... hate to complain, but i thought i got an update that robo was paying for faster shipping? mine is not scheduled until the 27th....  also, do we know what month the r2's may ship??
@robo awsome that you are shipping out c2s. congrats to this milestone.  when do we get the  promised update on the r2s? when do you expect them to ship? will they be delayed because of the filament sensor?
robo*
thanks for the reply robot, i appreciate it
@jeff a, i have your tracking number and will be sending everyone's tracking number in the next few moments.
has anyone else received tracking info? i opted in for by christmas delivery and have received no information. super early bird backer here...
like many backers below, i'm also very disappointed by the lack of promised r2 updates, videos, finished prints, etc.  i've looked at the robo site, facebook, twitter, etc and not much detail to be found.  most kickstarter projects go out of their way to show their products or prototypes in action. it appears the first real detail looks will have to come from customers who hopefully post their own photos, videos and reviews.  so in other words robo has abandoned control of their narrative and the market message and first impressions will now be defined by the first c2 recipients.
hi all, thanks for being patient. if you have opted in for the by christmas shipping you should get your tracking number today if not already.  aside from that i would expect everyone to get there tracking number by the end of the week.
i'm a very patient person, but i agree with everyone else. this is getting to be too much... we are not asking for much here. video, photos were both promised and not delivered. shipping info not updated, give us something...
i haven't received any notifications either.
isaac - thanks for clarification.
robo. still no confirmation of my c2 arriving this week. when can i expect the tracking information? really looking forward to a present under the tree.
@simon- thanks, that clarifies things. i'm getting pretty frustrated with the idea they can post daily on facebook and twitter, yet fail to notify backers their $500+ printer might show up tomorrow.
@jeff the email came from dhl, i'm in the uk which probably explains the different courier.
got a notification as well, but it was from fedex. delivery scheduled for tomorrow. hope i'll be able to sleep...
*robo
@simon-did you hear from dhl or was it a notification from robot?
got my dhl shipping notification! so excited!
y u no answer comment questions!!!
don anderson we only made it to 382,027 not 400,000
piggy-backing off simon's comment, will you be sending out emails with the tracking information on the pre-christmas c2's being delivered?  i need to know if delivery is going to take place saturday as i would need to make accommodations at work since we are closed for business.  also curious about the r2 status as well.  i know the c2 is on the forefront right now.  appreciate you guys updating the group even it's thru comments.
brian are we still on track to receive the following perks: once we hit $250,000 in pledges, we'll be sending all backers a surprise custom kickstarter 3d file pack after the campaign ends!  and when we get to $400,000, we're sending everyone a free robo t-shirt, too! thanks
any updates for the robo r2?
hi, are we still on track for express delivery of the c2s?
just saw the update post.  thanks
any updates for timing on the delivery of the c2 models?  it was stated that they would ship last week.  still have not received an updated status or the product.  please provide.  thanks
on nov. 21 robo3d  included this statement in their post  "so far, we are still on schedule and we have an exciting announcement for the r2 partnership. stay tuned in a future update." i'm interested in  that exciting announcement.
i have to say this isn't the sort of response (or lack there of) or customer service that i have come to expect from robo.  we responded quickly as backers and having a quick response back wether the news is good or bad would only be courteous. any informal at this point is better then not having any idea on what is going on
robo team, it is a bit concerning that there has been virtually no communication or updates as it relates to the r2. while we are all excited about our shipments it would be great if robo delivered on some of the content and updates that where promised. like for example a video seeing the machines actually printing and seeing finished prints. also, understanding if the r2 is on schedule or at the least the expected ship date. i understand the the c2 is the unit first out of the gate but more content about the r2 is needed and would very much be appreciated. chad
is there a way to use the voucher on whatever we backed in this campaign?
has the filament sensor problem affected the r2
@robo thanks for the c2 update. but how about the r2?
i mean how to install it without damaging the printer
robo if you aren't going to put the iris design or a filter on the c2 and r2 could you at least provide instructions on how to install one and provide a custom laser cutting file for the r2 and instructions on how to install it.
@brin that sounds like a great news. what about the survey? does that mean you now have all the c2s ready for shipping or will there be another batch for those who chose to wait a little bit more?
hi all,  we just got the c2's in yesterday and expect to be shipping this week.  there will be an official update so stay tuned!
have written and haven't heard back. eta for delivery of c2?
seriously guys, it would be nice to know where we are at in terms of delivery..
any update on c2's shipping? it has been almost two weeks since we've been updated.
robo - seems we're overdue for an update on both printers.  i'd rather hear bad news than no news at all.
any update on shipping?
same question as many others. just curious on a shipping update for the r2
when can we see the robo 3d app be released? keep up the great work
any update on shipping?
when you give the update this week on c2 ship dates, can you address where you are with other options that have been discussed? 1) r2 backer's having the option for dual extruder added prior to shipping? 2) lifetime special pricing on robo filament for project backers. 3) update on anticipated date for r2's?  has the recent supplier issue affected the r2's as well? thanks, matt
does the printer have a us plug, is fitted with a plug for the country of shipping or comes with a adaptor?
@isaac, yes it does. @rob, they are coming along great. we will have another update here soon about them. stay tuned. @luis, just responded to your email. no set date yet on the laser engraving head, but as production and development continues, you all will be the first to know, hear, and have access. thanks a bunch everyone.
what is the status with the laser cuter engraver head that was discussed.   have you developed one and what is the cost.  i would really like this to be a dull purpose machine.
how are the r2s coming along? still looking to make a january deliver? very excited.
does the sofware print a priming line before the main print to improve print quality?
@don we will be sending out an update, but we are about a week away. they are getting finished to ship. @isaac, the print bed is secure with 4 magnets @protofactor we are about a week behind schedule. the products are being finished in the factory and we are most likely going to be air shipping the first batch.
is the magnetic print bed secure?  the cube 3 had a magnetic print bed and that went terribly
will the printers come with a plug for the region they are shipped to? or a adaptor?
any update?
you guys mentioned before that the c2s should land on our doorsteps pretty much after thanksgiving and yet we haven't been asked our delivery address yet. are you guys still on schedule? do we have to expect some delays? thanks
do you have a definite date as to when the c2 will ship to backers? really looking forward to using it. thanks
@ed yes we will be doing an unboxing update of the c2 this week or very early next week as we are just getting the final final units in :) so excited!
hello everyone, just wanted to follow up on some of these questions and comments. @isaac, these are fully 100% robo designed and manufactured products. we pride ourselves in doing all design/engineering in house to ensure we are delivering the best possible experience for you all. just wanted to ensure that message for everyone that these are not rebranded competitor products. in terms of cnc milling head, we do not have future development plans for that at the moment, but i am sure some amazing creations will be made by our users! @johngood development is coming along great. so far, we are still on schedule and we have an exciting announcement for the r2 partnership. stay tuned in a future update.
issac, its wrong to make public statements like that without anything to back it. a lot of parts are going to look similar, it's a 3d printer.  the way robo implements  those parts and technology put them ahead of the pack.
i checked it is not a scam but a createbot looks a lot like the c2 without the casing from the photo in update 7
issac redford, back up your statement with links of photos.
are we just been scammed and being given rebranded createbots!!
are the printers actually just createbots with a casing on them in some of the photos without the casings look a lot like createbots
@robo  congrats for the ces award. how is the the development and the production of the r2 coming along. last update you said there will be an update on the r2 status.
hey @robo thanksgiving is next week. was wondering if all your plans are on schedule without any delays. should we all get excited or should we still chill for a bit?? thanks :)
@isaac - if i had to hazard a guess, i'd say that blue printer in the background looks an awful lot like a createbot mini.
in the second last photo of update 7 there is a different 3d printer in the top right corner what is it
would there be a way to change the raspberry pi to a later model if one is released
would a plug for the region come with the printer or a adaptor
could there be a cnc milling or glass/metal etching head avalible in the future
maybe there could be a way to cross a filter with the iris enclosure eg using hard filters
i agree with giving something back to nerdville
@robo thanks.  if you make such a cover please show the inventor the guy behind nerdville a little respect. he didn't patent his invention so maybe you can name it nerdville cover and/or send him a r2 printer for free.
will the pei and nylon melt from the heated bed and extruder?
what will the print bed be made of i heard steel works best for heated beds
please keep those production line photos coming :)  i assume you'll perform a final test when they arrive in san diego?
i don't recall where i read it but, are you guys accepting files from backers to possibly be included with the printers when they go out? if so, when and how many?
hey all, just popping on to answer some of these. @henrik quality and consistency of printing is our #1 priority right now. the heads are concepts that we will explore in further detail once the machines are out. @isaac @john that is a great idea! i will talk to the team.
i agree with @john good! saw that video... looks awesome!
could the c2 and r2 have a cute startup sound like the flashforge dreamer
on the app preview i only saw options for pla or abs could there be a custom temperature option that also saves temperatures also i agree with jhon good about the nerdville "iris" concept
hi robo,  please could you offer a top enclosure for your printers inspired by this brilliant concept from nerdville? https://youtu.be/1jtqpsablso
might be personal request but please focus on getting core feature, aka printing, to awesome and consistent result before trying to perfect other things like laser engraving. there is a reason why massive projects like glowforge have large delays in delivery.
can you engrave on a curved surface either vertical  or horizontal
@dhiraj, 12v @protofactor, inc @messerconstruction- yes c2 will ship first and r2 later. thanks! @luis it will only do engraving, no cutting.
does anyone know if the r2 is a 12v or 24v printer???
will the r2 just melt? because the heated bed might melt the nylon frame
what voltage does the r2 work on? 12v or 24v?
that's what i read as well. but this email got me confused. thanks for reassuring me.
from update 4 for all those with shipping questions that backed the c2 and r2 bundle, the c2 will ship first with the rest of the c2 backers, and the r2 will ship later, with all of the r2 rewards. thanks and don't forget to share!
i heard carbon foam doesn't do much could the filter be a hepa filter
received a confirmation email that the project was successfully funded. however the email mentioned that the delivery date would be around january 2017... i backed the combo... pretty i read somewhere that the c2 would ship first during november. am i correct? can i expect a c2 delivery around end of november? or is it only for those who only back the c2? thanks in advance for clarifying that. and congrats again!! :)
congratulations!! 382.027% funded, almost 400% . might have to stay on the doorstep, just in case a delivery truck stop by...
so close to 400k!!
were are excited that this our first kickstarter project we have backed. our robo 3d r1 plus went down recently and your service response was well received and appreciated the communication and timeliness of the parts. our company was started by a family and now we are employee owned so we feel we have a lot in common in knowing how to treat your clientele. we look forward to doing business with you again as you keep making these awesome printers! well done on the designs of c2 and r2.  just one follow up question, did we hear/read right that c2 printer will be sent out in november a lot with the c2 single orders or is it scheduled for jan.?  we could really use that extra printer as soon as possible for our prototyping! =)  thanks.
am out on this, someone can enjoy my c2 early bird slot. with the drop in the value of uk pound this past 2 weeks against the us dollar it is just too expensive when shipping ($175) and import duty (a further $120) is taken into account. will have to come back and buy from you when (if) our economy and currency bounces back (if donald trump hasn't been elected potus and got the us nuked off the map or started a civil war after not getting elected) good luck!
@luis i believe the mentioned the laser can do engraving but not cutting.  no price on the attachment yet.
give or take what will the laser heas cost and what will it be cable of doing.
time laps of some nice sculpts being printed? you guys mentioned that it might be today. would love to see some.
if i was printing something for a client could i share the video feed of it being printed on the r2?
hi,. i am looking at buying additional print heads, do i need to buy 12v or 24v?
@connor yes, full control over the printer is accessible with a web app, set to the name of the printer as the url.  the printer has both hotspot mode and can connect to your local network to allow access. @issac yes, for major software releases we intend to run beta programs for validation.  we will announce the launch info via email and social when the time comes.
will there be a beta testing for android
@robo hey i've seen a lot about using a usb drive or the app to print, bu i haven't seen anything that says i can print from my computer via wifi. so i just wanted to check to make sure that's an option
@jeffery yes, the r2 series can print pva and other water soluble materials.  that is what we expect the primary use of the 2nd extruder will be.
can you print with the soluble support materials with the r2?
@ryangeorge yes you can. @bobby yes we can do this. would you like me to show it on a kickstarter live video tomorrow morning? i think that could be cool.
@robo: guys, can we print with flexible tpu with these heads??
could you please post some close-up photos on the extruder(s) and to show the bed levelling mechanism.
@ robo: thanks that's great! can't wait to test some stuff!
@protofactor thanks for the backing and suggestion! we will run this by the team to be included in a .pdf of the manual. we definitely will make this information available and also work to add in the desired settings automatically into the software. @craig love to hear about the 3d print studio. sounds like some exciting stuff in the works! congrats.
hey guys. finally backed the combo... :) would be nice if in the package you could include some sort of a .pdf manual about materials. something that complete beginners should refer to in order to get started. something like a list of all the materials accepted (you mentioned 20+) with the recommended settings: temperature of the heated head, temperature of the print bed, layer thickness, type of project, better for overhangs without support etc etc...  i know that these info might be maybe available online with some research, but it's included directly in the package it would be perfect for total beginners etc... thanks in advance for considering this
@pclabtech thanks for sharing your experience. sounds good.
@john good: i can personally vouch for their success and hard work in making sure their merchandise meets the standards and goals they have set.  i live near their shop, and was one of the first 25 backers of the original robo3d as well as upgrading to an r1 when they came out.  if there is something that needs attention, they were able to address the issue with their customers. sure, i could have probably paid hundreds if not thousands more for a printer that does the same thing, but i didn't have to.  now i have the opportunity to support them again in their quest to improve on their initial design and make an even better printer than the predecessor. just my 2 cents worth (do they even print pennies anymore?  would i get in trouble for printing money with my 3d printer?)
backed the printer combo, and super excited! i'm opening a new 3d print studio, and these are exactly what i'll need to expand!
thanks allen for the reply regarding print pictures and videos. this was also my concern that this might dampen the amount of investment.  the proof is in the pudding they say, right? so would be good if you could show us some more in the last hours.  i personally will hold on to my pledge anyway. i am a bit sceptical and have been burned by other kickstarters. but what i read about robo and your former printer is more positive than negative.
@neilphillips  thank you for the support!  every little bit is very much appreciated. @fredmodesta  paste extrusion is a generalized term used to describe any sort of non-thermoformed extrusion, usually viscous pastes like silicone or ceramics.  we have some exciting partnerships coming up that will support various paste extruding, but ceramics and food based projects are going to be our initial focus.  food materials would be things like dough, batter, etc.  the r2 series extruder is designed to be easily upgradable, so heated paste extruder is entirely possible. @issac & ellaine we have designed a lid that was originally intended for computer vision camera mounts, but we will explore filter vents as well.  these filters will likely be carbon foam.  great feedback! @ed this is allen, engineering lead here at robo.  apologies on the lack of print demos and timelapses - this was largely my responsibility and have been completely overtaken with the finalization on molds, supply chain and software.  i will make this a priority.  we have a lot happening on all levels of our business, and we hope how we have prioritized our time spent is more obvious once we ship. @sergio & protractor the hotends we are using are traditional hexagon hotends with a 0.4mm brass nozzle.  the nozzle itself can be swapped as it uses an industry standard m6 thread, but we also made the hotend mounting collet for the extruder body universal so it will also fit other aftermarket hotends.  you may need to print a new fan duct to fit depending on the hotend you choose.  the warranty only covers the hexagon hotend we include in the printer, but you are free to modify it how you need.
every other 3d printer campaign i've seen shows up close video of the printer while printing, and numerous close in shots of completed prints. i've been advised to visit social media to see this - i've looked at robo site, fb, reddit, instagram, ect. only close up video i've seen of printing lasted 1-2 seconds, while other shots only show the printer moving in the background. it puzzles me why robo does not take the opportunity to completely showcase this product. with this i also think you would have made your 400k stretch goal. i hope robo quickly shows some video (even if cell phone) before the campaign ends.
@robo any chance you could tell us what material the nozzle is made out of? thanks!
@robo i didn't see this mentioned so, what materials will be supported with the dual extrusion? i'm interested in ninjaflex (or similar) and carbon fiber filled abs. one of the prints you posted was tungsten pla, so i assume this wouldn't be an issue, correct?
another question: i might have read somewhere the nozzle would be 0.4mm. is there any chance you guys would give the ability to change the nozzle? to 0.25, 0.8 and 1.0 for example? that would be great for people willing to capture as much details as possible from their sculpts.
hi robo! i'm excited to be part of this. just backed the r2 version. was reading through a few of the comments and i would like to see some example prints as well, i mean a lot of them! :) we're protofactor inc and we create royalty free stock models for the video game industry. we're exploring some new areas and were in need of an affordable 3d printing solution with high specs. looks like the r2 can definitely compete against the ultimaker 2+. if you guys are interested in checking out our online real time portfolio : https://sketchfab.com/protofactor/models and tell us if you guys would like to make some test prints with some highly detailed models, we would be glad to help and pose a model of your choice and prepare it for 3d print. can be a cool showcase for you guys. hope you'll reach the 400k stretch goal! good luck
i'm with isaac... i would like the fume filter as well, especially since i would be keeping it in my home office.
can there be a fume filter in the r2 because it's a lot safer with abs printing
okay, so what is paste extrusion??? what kind of food will it be able to print? i have seen pancake plotters, but thats 2d.  chocolate scupltures would be cool
with only 6 days to go, i'm sure hoping this takes off and you make the $400k. i'm sure wanting one of the xl t-shirts! i've been reposting on fb and twitter. lets everyone keep posting on both every 2 days. maybe they'll make it.
@paul thanks! we will not have them finalized before the end of the campaign but we will most certainly have some special pricing for backers. @isaac laser engraver will not cut, just engraving. app for android is in the works and yes that is what we plan on doing- direct download to print @fred it is supposed to be paste extrusion. apologies for the misspell there
for the app on android could you add the ability to take stl files from the phones storage and then send them to the printer (because android phones can hold stl files)
will the laser engraver head be able to laser cut as well ?
can someone explain more about  the "add on" extruder? what is past extrusion? what type of "food" ?
that's amazing that we will be able to lazer engrave and print food and electronics on the same machine. your guys rock!!will they be available  at a discount  for backers?
@neil thanks for the kind words sir! we really appreciate it. we are always, i repeat always here for our customers. any one of them can personally write to me braydon@robo3d.com and i will make sure you are taken care of. we are making big strides brother! can't wait to get you the r2. i know you will be proud. @isaac, we will talk about this internally. maybe we could design a 3d printable transport device :) there will not be an additional nozzle with the machine or extruder drill bits, but it will come with a scraper and some other accessories
also could there be carry handles and wheels on the machines for easier transport
what accessories will it come with eg: scraper,spare nozzles and extruder drill bits
@robo i know it takes from you profits when you give discounts. an upgrade discount will be awesome if you are able to. you certainly took care of me on my r1 plus by going beyond what you had to do when i bought mine with some scratches on the bottom. you more than made it right. that's why i'm looking forward to the r2. i know you strive to make sure your customers are happy! that means a lot these days.
@john, @bgw look for an update tomorrow for some print examples. we have a couple good examples we printed out. @timothy you cannot replace the onboard slicer to use s3d for slicing an stl file, but you can use s3d to generate gcode and it will show up fine on the printer with a usb stick or through the app @lauren, we will be sharing our manufacturing processes in a longer update, but just to give you an idea, we do lots of machines that either pass or fail, and if they fail, the entire lot gets put through again. its based on a military check inspection @ed have you seen our facebook live videos? check them out if you havent, and we can post the video in the update tomorrow if you would like @issac we will offer a 12 month part replacement warranty so you dont have to pay for replacement parts! the upgrade kits could potentially give to our backers for a discount. we can look into that for you :)
would there be a way that backers could get a discount on replacement parts and upgrade kits eg: we get e-mailed a discont code
i agree with john good & bgw - as the clock is winding down on the campaign, i was hoping by now to see close up video of the printer while printing, and multiple close up photos of several completed prints. surely this close to production it's "pencils down" for the mechanical designers.  so even if you show a prototype, and even if the software is not yet finalized, video and test prints would be re-assuring. i think your campaign would be even further ahead if backers and potential backers could see it in action.
thanks @robo, that's great to hear.  can you give us some background on your testing and quality assurance processes though.  i appreciate your skills at engineering (and that's why i'm here ;) ), but without testing and qa the customer ends up being the test department. i understand that you're in the prototype stage at the moment, adding features and the like, but i'd like to hear how you will test and accept the final design before going for going for manufacture. then how do you intend to test the individual devices after manufacture but before shipping. similarly, i'm hoping that you're going to do some formal drop, shock and trial shipment testing on the printers (or space models) in the packaging materials before shipping to customers.
you stated that you could use and slicer program to create gcode to use but what i was asking is can you replace the onboard slicer program that you use when doing a direct print from a stl file from a usb stick.
hi guys i am also a backer for one of your r2s and like john good this is a big commitment/purchase for me. i have been burnt by kickstarter(ks) in the past and right now any ks purchase makes me nervous, especially this amount of money.  i would also like to see some high resolution pictures before the campaign ends. you have been talking allot about your app and i'm sure that it is important to allot of your backers. in all honesty, it is the least important to me at this time. to me, the print quality/resolution is the most important, at this time. when you showed the gear from the 100k printer and compared it to your c2 gear, i really couldn't see the detail of either print well enough. what resolution are your examples being printed in with the c2? please more examples. higher resolution. thanks. cheers bill
i decided to back the r2. but for me it is quite a big investment into a 3d printer and i want to be quite sure that i won't be disappointed again.
@robo thanks for the answer.  you promised or maybe announced that you would show some more prints and time lapses during last week.  so far i have seen the blue fan. which looks nice. the dinosaur on instagram and the gear in the live stream.  could you please release pictures of the dinosaur and the gear in higher resolution?  and what hinders you to show detailed pictures of parts quicker?  this can be a totally wrong feeling by me, but the slow updating speed and the time it takes to present pictures of real prints gives me somehow the impression that the beta printers are not yet there where they need to be in 1.5 month. e.g. in the kickstarter video you are showing the print of benchy. why can't you just shoot some high resolution pictures of it and post it?  i don't want to raise unnecessary doubts regarding the quality of your printer. i just wanted to reflect my personal impression of the way you are dealing with the campaign. and maybe there are some others who are waiting to back your printer till they are seeing some more print examples. i backed or preordered already two other 3d printers in my life which couldn't hold their promises. their companies went bankrupt already.
@ellaine - the robo app will be available in the app store towards the end of november; this is also when we expect the robo c2 to be shipping out.
hi @lauren - thank you for your continued support! without you we wouldnt be where we are today so thank you and what a great question. these are all things that we have learned from throughout the past 3 years. 1) we have contracted a packaging company to help with the engineering behind the packaging to ensure they arrive clean and without any damages. before we ship out, we are planning on extensive packaging testing to make sure they can withstand all elements of the journeys. 2) we designed these printers to work right out of the box. the cool part is that now it has a "brain" and a color touch screen, you dont even need a computer to get your first print up and running. we have learned a lot making these printers for the last 4 years and have brought on some very smart engineers onto the team. with everything we have done, we know these printers will be able to produce high quality prints without adding on extras. we knew this would be a concern for current customers, and thats why we already added the features we have seen most people upgrade to already. (example is 2 ducted print cooling fans). hope this alleviates some concerns you have, and if you have anymore, go ahead and message us. thanks!
also, is the expected november delivery early november or late november?
when will the robo app be available for download for the ios?
@issac we will inform everyone of when the extrea nozzle will be available for order. we want to make sure it is perfect before we release it, both software and hardware. @henrik it might be offered during the backerkit process but that is only when we are 100% sure it will be a most seamless process and work perfectly for you guys. if not, we will have it available to purchase online and will inform you when we do. @timothy yes, the machines take any standard gcode, so you can use programs from s3d or other similar gcode slicing programs @john yes we are still in the last 20% of optimization for the slicing settings on the software. we are expecting to have this dialed in 100% before anything gets shipped out.
@creators, it might have been covered but are you planning on offering the 2nd print head as addon during the backerkit process or as a later purchase online?
can you load other slicer programs on the r2 like s3d?
i have backed the r2
i mean put it on your website now
or could you put it on your website so they will arrive at the same time
can you add a reward with the dual extruder upgrade kit for the r2
@robo i love the idea of the laser engraver, how many watts is the laser you've been using?
hiya, i'm one of your original backers on the r1.  we had terrible problems with the printer being smashed in delivery.  i had 2 printers delivered in peices, covered in glass shards, and finally had replacement parts which got here in one piece, but i never managed to get the printer to make a successful print.  the last i heard we needed to 3d print and buy some addons (like mounts for a cooling fan and the fan itself) to make it work reliably, and frankly i gave up.  you launched the plus model which seemed a lot better, but there didn't seem to be any way to upgrade. despite this bad experience i've been following what you've been up to and this printer looks more like a finished product.  you seem to have come on along way since the company was founded.  i've provisionally pledged on the r2. what are you going to differently this time to ensure that: a) the printers arrive intact, not smashed in transit b) the printers can be easily setup and work out of the box c) the printers operate reliably to the point where you can actually get through a 3d print (e.g. sticking to the bed, cooling the print sufficiently before putting another layer down, so the nozzle doesn't pick up the previous track). d) the printers don't need significant re-work to make them reliable. thanks, lauren
@robo the print quality around the hexagon is extremely well compared to the 100.000$ machine. but i see some horizontal lines/intrusions. by what are those caused? and will this issue be solved with the final printers?
there is also a periscope stream out on the same topics https://twitter.com/robo3d/status/784155726813868032…
checkout their facebook page for a new video update about print quality, afilliate program, laserhead, apple watch control off the printer ;-), and some more printer talk.  https://m.facebook.com/robo3dprinter/
@robo wanted to ask about the nozzles quality... want to use this with carbon fiber material.
@pclab haha you know us well. hopefully we can make all the above extruder heads capable. @phil, i will try and track something down for you here.
where can i find a "dummy proof" how-to on this octoprint/octopi that keeps getting mentioned so i can get my r1+ prepped to work in tandem with the c2/r2?
will there be a chocolate extruder?  can i make pancakes with it? will it print a drivable car? ;) just kidding.  i can't wait for my r2, especially been waiting for dual head color printing with the ability to use dissolvable support materials on the second head.
@chris we will be uploading some soon to the actual page here as well as youtube. stay tuned. trying to get some really good timelapses together for you all. @dhiraj, we have a slightly higher price point, but you have the full color touch screen, the ability to print from your mobile device with the robo app, additional future upgradeable heads, and still the sensors and monitoring for your print. @saurab, yes you can use nylon.
hi there, i was wondering if we could get some videos of the r2 and the c2 printing. i am looking to compare it in speed/quality to your older printers as well as the noise level.
i have a question, looking at the m3d vs r2.  can you shed some light on capabilities and spool costs?
can i use nylon filament with c2?
@robo that's good news distributing from germany. thanks for sharing. maybe you should announce it more publicly. it could motivate more people from europe to back your printer. i guess this could improve service as well. and thanks for starting with sharing pictures of prints.one wish or one recommendation: would be great if you could add some informations to the pictures, like layer hight, print speed, print time, material, size. thanks. good luck further on.
for those that are looking for quality of prints, we will have a thread going on our community page that you can all join in on the fun! we have an amazing community here- over 9,000 members! http://community.robo3d.com/index.php…
@daniel. yes! we want to take care of the people who are backing us initially. we appreciate you all.
@john, before the beginning of next year, we expect to have full distribution over in europe, actually in germany. this should save a ton of money on shipping for the materials. hope this helps.
the lifetime discount is a nice gesture and at least a good strechgoal for u.s. cititzens. don't know if it's really useful for me in germany. i just checked the shipping estimate on robo3d's website. it says 121$ for shipping one roll of filament. plus duty and taxes. but the most backers are from the u.s. anyway.
@robo, lifetime discount?! you got my attention....!!!
thanks @ed! and thanks @everyone for supporting us!
congratulations to robo for reaching 300 backers today!
thanks, yes i meant r2, had d2 stuck in my mind from john good's comment about r2-d2 :)
@doug we do not have an exact cost, but we are shooting below $100. @daniel, there is a stretch goal we will let everyone know soon about a lifetime discount on filament for the backers of this project :) stay tuned
wouldn't mind an addon consisting of discounted filament either!
...or the 500.000$ stretch goal.... :-)
would be great if dual extruder was also an option here!
@doug  to upgrade the r2 you mean?  less than 100$ they said.
what is the estimated cost to upgrade the d2 to dual extruders ?
thank you guys. :-)
sorry for the delay. we must have missed the question on the comments section. any specific questions feel free to send us a message in the messages section too. thanks!
@john we have some images coming soon from the c2 that is compared to a $50,000 fdm machine. we will also be doing some time lapses. all in the works for you all. @papje there is not a method to avoid customs and taxes. sorry. @kismt, yes it does! @nathan you will be able to manage multiple printers from the r2 and c2, but not the r1.
hi robo team, i have to admid i am a bit disappointed regarding your communication here. most projects i backed so far were more responsive during the campaign. e. g. kismt asked a simple question 2 days ago and hasn't received an answer yet. at the end of your video you promised you would be here for us to answer our questions. personally i would like to see some close ups of sample prints or videos of the printer printing. i love your printer concept but before i spend one grand on something in advance i would like to be more confident that it keeps its promises later on. thanks a lot.
hello, is there a nice shipping method to avoid taxes and customs?
if we order the combo, does the c2 ship in november?
@robo thanks for the clarification! it's good to know that i'll be able to control my r2, c2, and r1 all from the same app without having to modify the connection settings every time i need to print.
@robo thanks for the combo pledge! will you be able to show a video of the ui panel and printing?
@nathan the robo app allows you to control multiple printers at once, so if you have all three printers, the c2, r2, and r1+ with octoprint, you can control all of them individually with the same app! so far we have tested it with 20 printers and are setting up more to test how many we can put on there @bobby we will discuss and get back to you on this @phil  the robo app will work with any printer that has octopi installed on their machine. so not only the r2, c2 and r1+, but also other manufacturers printers as well!
will the new app/software work with an r1 plus in any capacity? getting the c2/r2 combo but would love to be able to manage all three from my phone. not being able to resume a print from where it left off after unexpected pc updates or power outages has resulted in lots of wasted material over time on my r1+
can we order the 2nd extrusion head together with the current ks pledge? or pre-order now and then ship later?
@robo one thing i didn't see in the app demonstration was multiple printers. will i be able to manage multiple prints such as the c2, r2, and an r1 running octoprint?
@robo so glad you added the bundle to the pledge lists. i wanted to grab both from the beginning and now i did! also glad to hear that they are 12mm rods for the z-axis, thanks for replying. the app looks amazing, can't wait to try it out.
@bobby the r2 uses a hybrid. direct drive for the first and bowden for the other.
@neil these will have bright white led strips. it will be lit up and pop quite nice internally. i think you all will love it @jon @daniel combo will be up today with a campaign update for everyone! :)
on my r1 plus, i had to add a couple of super bright 12" led strips from frys to the inside top of the printer in order to light up the inside adequately. do these new printers come with super bright white led's, or will we need to add these?
@neil i had watched for a bit yesterday to see if the combo one was going to show up. would love to get both without having to make 2 accounts.
@neil no news yet.
am i missing the reward or link for reward posted to @jon yesterday?
i'm so happy with my original unit and how it's working. still printing right now......never had a bad experience with you guys in 2.5 years. good luck on the new launch!
may be someone has already asked but i just can't see what type of extruder is being used by r2. bowden or direct?
will the print bed of the r2 have the same issue as the r1+ with chipping or is it made of a different material?
@robert, yes it will be simple to slot in and play.
how does the secondary head get installed on the r2?  is it simple to slot in/plug and play?  or will the machine need to be disassembled in some large part to insert a new head?
@jon we will be creating a reward for both machines today since the request has been made by quite a few people. stay tuned!
@john @nial - thanks for the info.  the heat bed is not a must have for me on a printer the size of the c2. i would like to have an option to install one i ever need it.  i already have an r2 pledge, was thinking of pledging for a c2 also, can't wait till january.
@jon - i think robo are going to offer this as a possible upgrade, but you can also buy 3rd part units that would work and there are various products now to give you the benefit of a heated bed without it being heated that hold prints well (even good abs filament) and prevents movement and warping and its easy to remove prints when finished.
@jon yes it will be upgradable.
i would like to get a c2 in november. any chance there will be a heatbed upgrade for it in the future?
i totally agree with the writer of a 3dprint.com article: "while the r2 comes with a single extruder, it can be upgraded to a dual extruder, and i think they should seriously consider branding a dual extruder version as r2-d2 (had to do it, sorry not sorry)." ;-p
@robo can you show us some prints at 0.2 resolution?  and will the printers have ce certification?  will we have to pay tax and vat in europe or do you have a european shipping centre?
@robo - i stand corrected, 8mm is normally just fine, 12mm smooth rod is a serious bonus as there is no way 12mm thick hardened steel is going to flex whatsoever! very cool! thanks for the clarification re shipping the early c2's i feel more at ease now. i desperately need a replacement printer for precision small-medium sized parts/designs etc and need it as soon as possible... i don't ever really use abs (mainly because faberdashery, the uk's largest online selection of pla sold per meter or spool, is 10 mins away and their filament is top qualitly in every colour imaginable) also there are now so many solutions available these days to getting prints in most plastics including exotics (except really nasty cheap abs) to stick solidly to a non heated bed during print yet easy to remove after printing which prevents warping and movement. also there is of course the advent of high temp (220-260 degree) pla filament which after printing is physically similar to abs in appearance, feel and use in prints that need that extra bit of solidness and resistance that abs typically offers, which will print fine onto a non-heated bed at room temp.  the biggest bonus of using abs is that its so easy to smooth using acetone washes. since the c2 and r2 both offer really decent resolution (as did the original robo3d) that it doesn't really factor. the c2 seems perfect for what i need. i did see that the price on the robo 1 (refurbs) have been taken down to $499 + shipping which is exactly the same price i am paying for a c2 super early bird, so i was tempted by that but now i know there wont be any wait really for the c2 i think the benefits of the new design and the extras it features make it a more attractive printer for my needs (i also have a huge 250mmx250mmx300mm self built tri extruder prusa-mendel that will print huge prints in any material as it has a decent heated bed and my current abs glue is perfect for getting the worst abs to stay put thru printing. so the little c2 is the little beauty for me, im pretty certain! @ellaine - i have seen some amazing results from various ppl using robo 1's and it is one heck of a printer! that is 2-3 year old tech now and the 3d printing world has refined massively since. the r2 is the robo 1's closest replacement/upgrade and with all the bells and whistles it features, i am pretty sure its not going to disappoint at all. if i were after a new full size, multi extruder ready enclosed printer then i would opt for the r2 for sure. at its ks price point considering its hardware, it is a very good deal indeed!
just backed the r2.. looking forward to this! it will be my first 3d printer.. hoping that it does not disappoint!! :) i also live by san diego and would want to pick up and save for shipping if i can! :) i would also like to find out more about the dual extrusion upgrade and if it would be installed prior to shipping if we opt in for that upgrade.  i would also like to see sample prints if you have them. thanks!! good luck guys! :d
when will other nozzles and other add ons be you for sale
thanks, robo, that answers all my concerns. i can't wait to get my new robo r2. too bad you guys don't do trade in's. that could provide you with more r1+'s to freshen up and resell as refurbished printers and help those upgrading to offset some of the cost. just something to consider.
@pclabtech it has a standard usb flash drive and the wifi can hook up to your home wifi or act as an access point if you dont have a local network. it does not have sdcard access as we have switched it out for flash drive. @neil the r2 has a hexagon extruder. the ios app is not on the app store just yet, but will be available once shipping starts. @timothy the size of the heated area of the r2 will be the full 8x8 inches of the bed, so as to cover the entire print area. no warpage!
i asked before and did not see it in the specifications but what size is the heated area of the bed on the r2? is it close to the 8"x8" size of the bed its self?
i'm trying to find out if the r2 has the hexagon extruder/s or an e3d v6. i also would like to know where to download the ios app so that i can take a look at it.
quick question.....is there a way to order two printers (one small and one large).  i don't want to change my original pledge (r2) but it doesn't appear you can add another (unless i create a second kickstarted account......
dumb question: does it have the standard usb connector as well as wifi and sdcard access?
@nial - the c2's will definitely be sent in november, unless something catastrophic goes wrong, which we dont see. we are starting to build in one week! @nathan - the rods in the back are 12mm diameter. we wanted to make sure they will support a lot of weight and be very sturdy. no cutting corners on this printer :) @timothy - because the printers have an on-board slicing program, you can take direct .stl files from a usb stick and plug it in and print! it's awesome and we are super proud of that.
@nathan: i agree that having a hood will help a lot for it.  i don't plan to use abs or petg all the time, but its a good to have option.
@jon hopefully petg and abs will print well on the r2. they did mention the heated bed which will help but i noticed further down the specs that it will also have an acrylic door on the front, i would assume if we could make or they sold a hood for the top to trap in the heat that the build chamber would stay fairly warm to help with abs and petg from curling or splitting.
i was wondering how well the r2 will print abs and petg? did you have any issues with warping? also, can you let me know what size nozzle the r2 will come with and what will it be made out of?
hi when and how much will the second extruder available for the r2
will the r2 be able to print stl files direct from a sd card or usb memory stick or will they still have to be converted to gcode?
thanx nial, i'm a little bit more at ease now :)
*no unwanted...
@nathen - it looks like 8mm smooth rods and linear bearings for the suppoirt/guide rods and m5 threaded bar for the z drive.  same as you would find on most reprap designs and many other 3d printers too. nice and solid and now unwanted movement or wobble! (just a guess, could be wrong) ;)
@erica lindstorm - its not too bad once you have done your first 2 or 3 prints. robo 3d are well known for easy to use out of the box printing. plus they have a good community and customer services. in most cases you should never have to pay for .stl files and designs (unless copyrighted gaming figures etc).  i have never paid for a design ever in 5 years of printing and 2 years of owning a laser cutter. use the website thingiverse, i have been using them for 4 years for 3d printing and laser cutting inspiration and for just downloading and printing/cutting a cool design. you will find 10'000's of designs there of varying complexities. there are others too but thingiverse is my goto place for free designs. the site is here : http://www.thingiverse.com/ pin shape is ok too : https://pinshape.com/ here is a great artical about the best free 3d printing design sharing sites : https://all3dp.com/best-sites-free-stl-files-3d-printing/ you can also goto open source sharing clouds and search for all kinds of wonderful open source hardware/software and cad/3d designs, just use the site's search feature and enter something like "(name of thing here) 3d print" or (name of thing here) stl" all of these sites are fully useable with free accounts! the beauty of open source hardware/software/code!! i hope all this helps and saves you some $$$.
robo r2 will be my firs 3d printer ever, i'm scared. the fact that it is a plug and print 3d printer makes me less scared. all the technical stuff that are discussed here in the comments makes me more scared since i don't understand any of it. i have already spent loads of money on .stl files on ks and thus i need a 3d printer to go with it :). noob questions for all of you that have used robo printers before, how does the customer support work and how much fiddling do you really need to do to print good quality objects. i have mostly bought .stl files for miniature game terrain/buildings but also want to print other objects for gaming, like card stack holders and alike.
@robo just interested since i didn't see it in the specs, what diameter are the z-axis rods, they look fairly thick. i love my r1, but glad to get my hands on an r2, hoping the frame is extremely sturdy. @steve hawks i would assume that they will have an image to re-image a new sd card for the rpi3 if something goes wrong. and i thought i heard mention of cloud settings so hopefully all of your settings would be backed up in the cloud. maybe @robo could chime in on that?
super excited about this new release! love my robo3d r1+, so i've got high hopes for the r2.
@robo / creator - thanks for your feedback on those things. can i please just pin you down on a couple of questions... you said the c2 is currently in production. does that mean that backers in the c2 super early and early bird tiers will definitely have their c2 rewards shipped out in november to receive in time for xmas. is the design of the c2 now finalised 100% and if so (or not), how far into the production of the c2 are you? for example do you have all parts sourced etc...? cheers.
@steve hawks - i'm not sure your posting in the comments thread you meant to post in... if you have a corrupted sd card on a raspi then on another machine (windows ideally) just google "solution for a corrupted sd card on raspi" and it will give you millions of results all giving the same answers.
raspberrypi 3, what's the solution for a corrupted sd card when it occurs and what os is it running?
happy to hear the c2 will get a heated bed upgrade in the future!! can't wait to get my hands on this little guy!
@timothy r2 specs are on the kickstarter page towards the bottom. @john that is correct. it will most likely be less than $100 for the hot end. @ryan we definitely plan on making a heat bed upgrade for the c2. the r2 will be stock heated bed.
thanks, where do i find all the r2 specs? like bed size and heated area?
http://reprap.org/wiki/pei_build_surface
@igor during the facebook live stream they said something about 100$.
timothy, according to the r2 specs on the kickstarter page, it is pei surface.
hello, can you tell me how much would be additional extrusion head? i was looking on your site couldn't find info on that.. regards, igor
@pclabtech oh wow missed that, woohoo. now if kickstarter would just use paypal as a payment method i want an r2, but don't have the cash right now.
what is the heated bed on the r2 made of? a lot of people including myself have experienced chipping of the borosilicat glass on our r1+'s
also, i second upgrade for heated bed for c2. it's super difficult to remove a pla print from the bed without heat.
i'd love to see a detailed view of the benchy printed with each printer please. :-)
ryan, the r2 comes with a heated bed already.  the c2 does not come stock with a heat bed.
and to which temperature can the heated print bed heat up to.
why wont there be an upgraded heated bed for the r2?
@robo do you plan to have other tool heads later? like laser, milling, paste extruder?
thanks for all the questions everyone and for backing this project! we will try and answer them as efficiently as possible as well as add ones to the faq. @enoch there will be a heated bed upgrade for the robo c2, but to get down to the price point as well as add all the features we have, we could not make it with the heated platform. @pclab ofcourse brother! @fernando you can cancel the print and pause it from your smart phone yes! @nial we are already in production for the c2 as well as close to production for the r2. we made our mistakes with the r1 and we will not make the same mistakes twice. we have spent years getting these machines to market because we wanted to make sure they exceed consumer's expectations :) we hope you agree when you receive yours. appreciate all your support. @johnfruits thanks a bunch! we thank you being an amazing customer @ed thanks ed! you rock. can't wait to get you the new machines.
watch the robo facebook video - open source philosophy continues!  ir sensor bed leveling!  c2 now in production.  r2 on track for jan 2017.  r2 2nd print head < $100
i'm a backer of the r2 and made my decision based on the excellent prints i've seen and used from the r1+  i'm not expecting delays due to major design changes and feature creep.  i think the folks at robo now have enough experience and learning curve based on the r1 to know what features and design specs are required from the start on this new generation of printers.  looking forward to making my first 3d prints!
i am also interested in the second extruded for the r2.  how will it be obtainable?  will it be installed when it is shipped? (read: tested!)
daniel, you will be super pleased with robo 3d.  they were my first 3d printer, and i bought 3 additional printers since then (other brands/styles)....and guess what....i still have my robo 3d printer and all the others are long gone!
lol bid, not bed
in with a super early bed, excited and a little scared as this will be my first 3d printer ever! i'm curious - 1) why did you decide to go without a heated bed on the c2 and 2) any plans to make a heated plate mod for it in the future?
hey guys, congrats on the ongoing success of the original robo3d and now the new printers that look and sound fantastic. i'm sure you know what i am going to ask and are just waiting for someone to ask it... 1) the last project ended up being quite a long time late and alot of the problems were down to on the fly changes that were made during the campaign and as stretch goals and backer requests. what have you done this time to ensure we wont see history repeat itself with regards to the chaos of stretch goals and changes causing long delays for backers who were told all through the campaign that it would ship on time give or take 6 weeks? how certain are you that these printers will be ready to ship in november (and of course arrive with backers before xmas)? i see you have dramatically lowered numbers of people able to back each tier which i guess will be joined by new tiers with later shipping dates (which is very smart!). 2) may i respectfully ask that this campaign does not use physical changes as stretch goals and that you don't fold under pressure from large numbers of backers almost demanding changes (as we saw on the original campaign) with regards to print beds, control hardware, shell changes and so on...?? 3) i am lucky again and got in on the super early bird level of the c2 (as my little reprappro huxley has died after 2 years of full on use and abuse! how certain are you that the early pledge levels marked as november 2016, will ship on time and importantly before xmas. finally - as before, can you post torture test results using industry standard designs to show how well the c2 and r2 deal with support and support free overhang printing, bridge tests, print in place moving parts (bearings/hinges etc..) and various thickness pillars and so on... great to see you guys have been busy and it looks like you have really come up with a fantastic new pair of printers. i cant wait to see what they can do! i don't see you guys having any problems this time in hitting some large numbers!  just please don't translate that to big changes and delays. it looks like the printers are pretty much perfected so maybe alternative stretch goals (or none at all) would be best for all? thanks guys and again welcome back and good luck! ps. is it really $172 to ship the c2 to the uk? that seems high, but i guess if your using a premium service like dhl or fedex then its prob right.
would love to see a cheaper version of the r2 without the camera. also, will there be add-on options via the kickstarter to get the additional extruder?
also i see that i can check on a print through the camera through the wifi on my phone. if the print starts to fail is it also possible to turn the printer off through that same connection? if not then it's honestly not a big deal but if so...wow...that would be amazing.
i live in san diego, can i just pick up my printer and save shipping ;) ;) ;) good luck guys! i agree with enoch, i think the small one needs a heat bed also!
why no heated print bed on the smaller model? right now m3d has a kickstarter going on for its pro, which has one at ~$100 cheaper. (i'm early bird right now on both) on my current printer, my single largest problem is lack of heated bed. thanks!
i live in ca, will i have to pay a sales tax on top of my pledge amount? thanks!
