so when do the sweet covers come out?
flasks?  oh hell yes.
loving the record!  any way to still get a download code?  i ordered the vinyl set, and think i lost the code.  thanks so much!
woohoo! the replacement poster arrived today! thanks again and hope to see you tour europe soon :-)
yep!
unfortunately i haven't received my poster either.. i did get everything else though, so it's strange. should i also email the same person? keep up the good work guys!
thanks a lot! you're awesome!
dagrimone email cdsales111@hotmail.com and he will send you a replacement
still no poster in the mail. don't know if it got lost or just delayed somewhere. it's a bummer, but i don't mind too much since i mainly pledged for the vinyl anyways. should it still arrive, it will be a pleasant surprise.
record successfully arrived to my place in argentina today without even being opened by customs... that is a rarity - congratulations mbd!  everything looks beautiful and it's in really good condition, considering how far it's travelled. i am chuffed. one issue though, i've just tried to log onto the bwscd website to download the digital version and my code doesn't work on the site - anyone else had that problem?
am very happy! loving the music and the vinyl, really beautifully done. the only thing missing, a live show :-) i also love the look of the copper foil box. together with the wooden box it is decorating the corners of our top shelf ... much to the annoyance of the better half but she will get used to it. thank you so much!
still nothing in the mail. ; (
oh the redhead said you shred the cello and i'm jello baby
the cd made it to canada, just in time for my birthday! thank you very much!
got the se vinyl in the mail yesterday... beautiful work (though it looks like the postal service frisbee'd it a bit)... but i've been spinning the thing nonstop, more goddam gold from mbd!!! you guys are the best! this morning i tried to download the digital file... the download website doesn't seem to be working... i type in the web address and get nothing. am i doing something wrong? oh well i'll just have to put the vinyl on again...
just received my se vinyl package w/ t-shirt. i apologize if i sound like a moron and just didn't understand but when the kickstarted allowed the upgrade to the whiskey crew patch. are they being sent out later (sept 28th like the note said)?
i'm surprised no one has asked this, or if it has been answered then i can't find it: what are the poster dimensions? i haven't received mine yet, but i need to get a frame for that bad boy!
fine gentlemen and lady, i am happy to report that my special edition vinyl, lantern and zoetrope arrived this morning. beautiful stuff.  i am unhappy to note that the sleeve had a corner crushed by the usps (c'est la post), and was also burst on the top and bottom (interior and exterior sleeve) because it was packed improperly.  a note for next time, when shipping vinyl always lay the record outside the sleeve. thanks for your hard work, -luke
the digital dl is in the record
so mine didn't come with the digital download...any way to get one?
woohoo! vinyl box set and contents arrived this morning! (just the poster is still on the road.) it's soooo pretty! and man, do i like the new album. also thanks for the download code for the bitter drink, bitter moon, otherwise i couldn't listen to it at work right now :-)
flamenco was in my download. maybe it was a glitch?
is it just me, or is the "exorcist" download missing track 6? not a huge problem, as i have the album kicking around somewhere... but that was kinda weird.
package arrived in storm-ridden scotland this morning. something strangely ironic about the book club choices, well one of them anyway. the most important thing however is just how goddamn good the album is.
excellent work, mbd! i'm loving the album! i hope there's a track-by-track explanation like what was done with ibal. "lost river" is everything and more.
sorry man, there's no tshirt- not suer where you heard that. hope you enjoy the books!
don't know if you guys still check this thing i got the book club curious if i get a tee shirt? i remember something being said about that i don't know i have been reading finch, soooo good i can't put it down.
sadly i didn't. i received every update but no download link or anything. it should've been sent to my kickstarter mail, right?
dirk we didn't send a survey link because there is nothing we need to ship or info we need from you. you should have gotten your downloads quite a while ago
i didn't receive any survey link. did you forget to send it to the $1 pledge?
is there anywhere that there is artwork for the new single is available - it looks sad in my itunes library with the placeholder art next to all the other music :)
really excited that this being shipped on my birthday. maybe the best present i will get.
ty
just got the download link! i absolutely love this new song.
hey adam, if it'll save you any time, feel free to ship my brother's cd with my box set, as they are going to the same address.
still have not received the original email for the download codes. only received the payment verification, and shipping info.
i've got my new download link and i've got my music all fine and i enjoy it!  thanks for resending the link.
today maybe? i need some mbd for the long weekend!
i hope this is resolved soon! you rock!
sorry guys waiting on management for the downloads.
estimated time of arrival. i haven't received an email with an update or a new link to the download. the old link still says that the download isn't available.
email?
any eta on the downloads being fixed?
working on the downloads guys. sorry this has been a big hassle
rate limit exceeded for me as well. shouldn't have waited 2 days to download. damn you procrastination!!!
the link isn't working for me, seems you've exceeded your limit. either that or i don't know what i'm doing, either way, i'm hoping it gets resolved because i'm really looking forward to my new music.
just saw your update, looks like i'm one of the last 200. doh! thanks for your efforts guys, i know this is a lot of stuff to get through so everyone has their goodies! we all really appreciate you doing such a kick ass kickstarter! hope you do similar with your next album
just got the new single download. epic. thank you!
will you be posting when all of the emails have been sent out?
leo the label wanted protected downloads so only the backers could get them, rather than a single link that can be shared. sorry for the delay
i don't want to sound stupid but wouldn't it be easier to just make a backer-only update with the single and like the exorcist download? i do appreciate you all sending personal e-mails with the links but it would definitly save you a lot of time if you can just make one post with the links that only the backers can see.
single and exorcist dls have been sent out to all but 200 peeps. we are working on getting them to the last of the folks. thanks and sorry for the delay!
any update on the single getting sent out?
saw this http://www.lollyphile.com/products/bourbon and instantly thought of you guys.  i'm still in awe that someone got you guys american honey at the show i had the pleasure of going to a couple years back.  i was like wtf?  they got them american honey?
is the  single download sent out yet? i haven't gotten one, just wondering if i'm early or if i should send an email.
i got tickets to the gabe's show, wish i already had my whiskey crew patch so i could rock the colors!
cannot wait to get my vinyl. hope it looks as beautiful as the pictures.
i started listening to you fine folks when a friend of mine introduced me to who will survive all the way back in october of 2003. i was back in indiana for my father's funeral and to say i threw myself into the album would be an understatement. consider my donation a thank you for helping me not go insane, giving me something to focus on, and for repeating those same feelings time and time again.
stoked!
i am proud to be a part of something so awesome.  keep making music that changes lives.  i look forward to proudly backing your next venture, and this time - shooting for gold.  we love you guys!
congrats my friends! you surpassed your goal by $87,048! that just shows how much all of us fans love you guys! im looking forward to my special edition vinyl! and looking forward to your return to bloomington! enjoy this sweet victory, and live long and prosper my friends! continue to make great music for us all to enjoy! i hope i can support you again for any projects you guys can create!
congrats on exceeding your goal! i'm very excited to listen to the new album, and was able to hear a couple new tunes on your tour in san francisco. really great music you ladies and gents create, and i'm already saving to help fund your next project! please keep on creating and rocking!
we we we so excited !
congrats on the bronze!!  whiskey crew 4 lyfe!!!
congratulations on surpassing the bronze record.
i woke up to the fb thread of needing to push you all to the bronze and darnit if i didn't get up outta that bed and come pledge! congrats mbd! looking forward to sweet reading, and as always fantastic music. the preview songs you played on tour recently were amazing so i can hadly wait for the vinyl!!! :)
i was never gonna sit here and let a video game take down mbd. i think i upped my pledge like five times last night.
by the hammer of thor! that video game got serrrrved! congratulations, guys. you killed it! proud to be a minuscule part of something so great!!
added the postcard club! we're gonna do this! to borrow a bit from lucas barton, "i love the mbd kickstarter. it's so bad."
based on watching the money for 15 minutes, combined with hand-waving math and voodoo, we're not gonna reach 208k for silver, but 181,000 and bronze deserves it's own celebration.  good alcohol is closer to bronze than silver, anyhow.  finally i can realize my long-held dream of drinking and watching a zeotrope.
just upped my pledge! go, go :)
the rewards process for this is probably going to be harder work than releasing a new album. you could have just stuck to the reward levels and left it at that. but oh no, you had to be accommodating for the fans and start combining individual extra reward requests within rewards and extra levels with other levels like some kind of kickstarter reward inception. you'll need a whiteboard graphic to keep track! sucks for you guys, but it works for me. cheers! :) 5k to go to 175. bump it up everyone, if you haven't already!
thank you thank you thank you!!  yes karin we will take care of it all when it is funded tomorrow. we will make sure to get everything right
upped my pledge. here's to beating that fuckin' video game.
upped my pledge... book club for me, whiskey crew for a friend.  i'm guessing i send an email to let you know the details of that, right?  i'll be kind of glad when the project closes as i get more and more tempted to blow a grand that i don't really have to get a cover of purple rain.  anyway, thanks for making amazing music and giving us fun ways into interact with and support you guys.
i decided to up my pledge to get the whiskey club patch because it just sounds so damn awesome.
what's this?  a chance to have one of my favorite bands cover one of my favorite songs (that isn't from them)?!  please take all of this money.  also?  you guys are amazing.
who wouldn't want postcards? that will make for an amazing collage.!
kevin thanks, we will send you both
just thought that i hadn't fully entered into the spirit of the endeavour, so have upped my pledge.  i upgraded from cd to the sweet vinyl, but gave enough for both if that's viable. keep up the good work, and may there be more cool little projects like this to come.
holy shit, that just made my day.
if we break 175,500 we will be the third most funded music project ever on kickstarter! lets do this! goal setting! striving! spending?
ryane email us at mbdband@gmail.com in oct and we will send out that card. thanks
i haven't heard anything from these guys since i saw them perform "who will survive..." but i love that album, so i had to support. here's to hoping this is as good.
i hope someone makes you cover bailamos by enrique iglesias, because that would have been my pick.
high fives for halloween babies! well, i'm a few days behind, but i usually celebrate on the holiday, much funner. i pledged for the 10 dollar package with the lantern (i want that lantern!), but upped the pledge to 30 dollars. hope it helps! you're the only band i've seen in concert & it was made more amazing by having adam say hi afterwards. so you got all my extra coffee money for the month. totally worth it! love you guys!
oh, i'm already a backer - but i would contribute more for the birthday card.  easily.
ryane- honestly, if you want us to send you a birthday card we will just do it. but pledging for something never hurts our feelings either.
andy busch- yes as far as we understand the download code is lossless audio
seeing as mine is coming up on halloween, a birthday card option would be pretty goddamn bad assed.  signed by the band with a cool ass message? i'd jump all over that!
will the download code with the vinyl of the new album be available in flac or another lossless format? sorry if that's answered somewhere. i couldn't find it. thanks!
no freaking way!! that is perfect because i live in fort worth but i don't mind making a trip to dallas. oh man you have no idea how happy i am right now!
we will get there, playing fort worth in october! dont mean to ignore you in dallas alejandro!
congrats you guys. i'm sad that you hardily play here in dallas/fort worth texas and that i wasn't able to go to your last show here in texas. nonetheless i am super psyched for this album and for the covers ep. looks like y'all will be covering all three songs that were proposed haha. congratulations again.
charles: the patches wont ship until the vinyl/cd does in september. but stop by the merch table and tell our guy you are whiskey crew for a little gift. jeff yes we can do that for you! no problemo.
i just pledged $100, yet got a strange question.  can i get the cd instead of the vinyl?  kinda don't own a vinyl player...
do you know when the mbd gang patches will arrive? i'm going to see y'all at the metro on 8/25 and was hoping to see what kind of perks i get at the merch table
bob lapointe: yes we will send two cds!
i pledged $30 and i selected the $15 reward,  is there a way for me to get two of the $15 rewards? i'm getting the extra one for the friend of mine that introduced me to your wonderful music.
kyle, who knows. maybe we would release them on vinyl. i will think about it once we have recorded all the covers!
pledged, and very much looking forward to the new album. i just wish i had more to give, as the stuff on offer at the higher end is amazing.
what with all the fun this weekend cassie and i forgot to ask what we should add so that we can both get whiskey club memberships. wouldn't want the whole marriage to fall apart fighting over that after all.
would it be at all possible to maybe do a kickstarter for a limited release of all those covers on vinyl?  would such a thing be legal?  maybe a 300-400 limited release and us fans just paid for the pressing?  everything else you have is on vinyl, it'd be a shame if what is essentially the first mbd covers album were not :(
cheers adam! added the $20!
3 things: a) you guys are now label mates with firewater, and i would love to if you all did a split ep. b) any plans to make "finch" available on amazon? c) thank you for making amazingly beautiful songs like "steam rising", "king of the gutters...", and "spring break 1899".
ben if you add $20 to your order i will throw in the box!
looking forward to the vinyl flying over to me! this may be a bit daft but am wondering if it would be possible to add only the copper foil box ...
christmas is coming early this year!
awesome set in phoenix on wednesday. i felt obliged to spend $250 for an advanced digital copy of the single i came around that you guys played, really amazing song. oh, and my girlfriend will be happy to read or whatever it is you do with a book. thanks for the great music!
considering blowing $1000 to hear you guys cover shakira's 'hips don't lie'. i've hit rock bottom.
was going to be in for the whiskey club, but i had a couple of tires blow out on me while driving and that screwed the pooch there.  oh and if i ever had a cool grand laying around i would make you all cover mr. bungle's - pink cigarette in a heartbeat. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
you guys should offer a live album on vinyl, cd, or download.
jay b - that's a great idea! we should get a list of songs together and if any of those songs get $1000 in donations, that'll be submitted to mbd. totally on board with that idea!
someone should start up a meta-kickstarter campaign to raise money for more $1000 contributions for a few more covers.  with enough backers, mbd could do covers all the way from the sesame street theme to the entire con-air soundtrack.  it would be awesome. yeah, i need to stop drinking at work...
at this rate you are basically going to be recording a covers album. can't wait to see what some of the song choices are.
finally able to back this. in for the book club! hope you guys don't send me a book i have already, haha. thanks for being the best band!
can't wait for september to get here!
hey guys, ever consider giving a lucky backer the chance to play/sing with you on stage? i'd throw some cash at that!
i wish i could give you all my money! but you know that whole need to eat thing... good luck! can't wait to see you guys on august 16, it will be my birthday so thanks for the best present ever!
jamie- the cat's name is lux and belongs to my friends birch and ann. birch is the graphic designer who did the special edition vinyl layout and helps me with vinyl concepts and ideas. lux is unfortunately not for sale. he loves chasing things and jumping really high in the air. adam.
ok brendan lets see. how about $600 for book club, dvd club, and box set? thanks!
how much would i have to pledge to get the cat included with the zoetrope?
done, thanks guys! we should be thanking you. after all we are not only getting some new music but also a lot of cool goodies and fun stuff to go with it.
how much for both clubs and the vinyl box set?
tony! we did! lets see how far we can take this mamma jamma!
lee if you just bump up the amount, we make a special note for your case. also, when the funding ends, you are sent a confirmation email where you can specify the stuff we agreed on. we will take care of ya! and thanks!!!
we did it! didn't we?
@matt - monthly payments for a book club?  id definitely be sold on that idea!!  as for now the whiskey crew will have to do...
sold! planning to add another option (how long can you make the rewards list?) or should people just bump the amount and you guys will keep track? i'm tempted to add for the postcard bonus too, it would make a change from the junk mail that breeds in my mailbox these days.
lee and matt- if you are in the usa, how about $450 for book club + dvd club? i figure if people want to continue the clubs after the first year we can talk then! happy to continue it if people want to.
jake- we are working on the downloads. sorry its taking a while to learn how to get out the downloads to everyone!
rad jeff. thanks a lot. let's keep in touch
awesome! i just pledged a crapload of money (for me). hope all is well. best, jeffv
heck yeah!  cant wait to see you guys in denver.
is there any chance a wooden box set owner could get a whiskey crew patch? pledged to get the special edition vinyl, and can't wait to see you guys again in sf!
upped my pledge to add my girlfriend to the whiskey crew for her birthday! we'll both see you guys at bottom of hill (probably august 4th)!
just a little more to go! i have upped my  backing already because of awesome additional items, i can't wait to see what comes out next. i have two quick questions: - how much would it be for the signed poster and cd? i would love the vinyl but move a lot and don't have a record player anymore :-( i'd up my bid for a poster/cd combo! - do you ship to dpo (us diplomatic post office)? it's the same cost as us shipping, but you do need to fill out a customs form. (amazon does.. if that makes a difference) thanks!
can't wait for my shirt and vinyl! the new songs sounded beyond rad in boston.
book and dvd club option!
is there an option to do the bookclub and/or dvd and then set up per-month payments when this is over?
i never recived my d/l of the single. i pledged on the 12th or 13th. should i have received it?
data point for you and your promoter: 1) got the kickstarter link through my facebook feed 2) learned about yesterday's show in toronto through the kickstarter page 3) went to the show (my first mbd show - certainly not my last!), was blown away 4) ...and you mentioned the kickstarter again during the show... 5) tweeted about the show, in the process saw the twitter link to sg's interview with matt 6) read the interview, learn that the new album sounds like it'll be exactly what i wanted it to be 7) backed the kickstarter this is excellent use of social media + touring + more traditional media coverage working in perfect harmony - bordering on mind control! ;) thanks for being awesome!
what's more sad, the fact that i worked out the math to see how long it would take for the $500 golden ticket to pay for itself, or the fact that it would only take 7 years?
ron fusco- sorry they wont ship til september when the record comes out, but you will have it for next time fergus rogers- 5k for uk basement show. here's hopin you win the lottery! maxwel shults- if you pledge $45 we will just send you both! thanks guys!
hey guys, i'm going to both your shows at bottom of the hill in sf(i'll be the guy up front with a glass of bourbon dancing around).  any chance i'll be able to get a hold of the whiskey crew patch before august 4? btw, using kickstarter if fucking awesome!
if in the next 21 days i come into an indescribably amount of money i'll have no hesitation in finding out how much it would take to get a basement show in the uk.  but seriously i'm gutted i'm not a man of the means to get a personal cover, would have been genius. you guys are the absolute coolest and yours is the only music that i absolutely adore paying for and wish i could spend more on.
you guys should add a $45 option for cd/vinyl for those of us who are crazy collectors...
michael baker, anyone who pledges to the kickstarter gets the covers for free!
i hope the covers you guys record will be put up for sale.  maybe a kickstarter ep (or lp if things get crazy).
has the t-shirt been added to all pledges over $35, or just the 4 teirs that explicitly specify them?
would have loved a package like "lantern + shirt + dl of new album." i really want that lantern...
can't wait for the new album! would've loved to have pledged for the book club, but $350 is too much for me :(
cd + shirt  = awesome!  thanks guys!  looking forward to your denver shows next month!
in for the book club, that's the top i can afford but that's one amazing package i have to say.
mbd makes me wet. thanks for doin' what you do.
psh. how could i not support you all? good luck with the rest of the funding!
i'd love to hear you guys cover "the mercy seat" by nick cave and the bad seeds!  i can't wait to receive my vinyl of the new record, and i'll be seeing you guys in baton rouge in a couple weeks.
i am beyond excited for the book club --- that's the most rad kickstarter bracket i've ever seen! glorious.
since we are on tour, our management is working on manually sending the codes to all the backers. hopefully they will show up soon! i am checking in with them tomorrow. adam
when do we get the single?
backin it up!  can't wait to drive down to austin to see you guys in a couple of weeks!
+1 whiskey crew.  see you in boston!
very excited about this i pledged $30! wish i had enough to be part of the whiskey crew.
proud member of the whiskey crew! can't wait to hear the new record! see you guys at the paradise tonight!
pledged from the uk! those aliens can do one! i'm gonna be prepared ;)
shane bradley-  $500?
how much would the book club + the vinyl box set be for shipping to australia?
so we all get a dl for each cover song paid for, in addition to the cover songs you guys choose to record?
you guys fucking rule
can't wait to see what tattoo dagan is stuck with! thanks for doing this guys.
upping the pledge worked like a charm. thanks
brendan powers- kickstarter only lets you pledge once. but you can raise your amount if you have already pledged. hope that helps
about that $375 for the book club and the vinyl, is it cool of its two separate pledges?
if youre in the us, then how's $375 sound for both? email mbdband@gmail.com if you decide to pledge for both and we will make a special note
ouuucccccchhhhh. (et)
ooh! taking andrew douglas' comment to mean they are in the process of mailing out i came around links. can't wait to hear it!
you five better get your autographing hands warmed up - that's a lot of posters to sign, and we're only two days in!  130 of em as of this count.
joining the whiskey crew!
i'm wondering if i can somehow get into the book club + get the vinyl collection (what i pledged) i probably don't need doubles of most of the items... let me know if we can work something out!
just wondering, if i go for the book club ($250 pledge), can i get the digital download of the album instead of the vinyl? i have nothing to play the record on! but still want the new album like whoa.
no fl show?!??! i think i just died a little inside. i'll still back ya'll lol. keep up the great work.
new song is sick, guys.
cannot wait to see you guys again in st. louis - the venue is new and really cool.  mbd whiskey crew! - love it.  can't wait for the album either - stoked!
yes golden ticket! you are gonna see me so much you get sick of me.
now my life's biggest regret is not foreseeing this opportunity to save money and get you guys to cover bohemian rhapsody -___- vinyls will have to do!
glorious day it is. mbd whiskey crew... check. book club... check + see ya next tuesday at good ole webster hall in nyc! good times indeed.
my wife said she's jealous i'm now  whiskey crew lifer, so now she'll be pledging $100 to be in as well haha.
yep! once the project is funded!
too bad i can't rep whiskey crew at the boston show saturday!  love to have you guys come and play a gig for me and my friends, but i'm poor, so whiskey crew it is!
i think "good fucking bye" by matt skiba would be an amazing cover song! too bad i don't have an extra $1000
i plan on backing more than i have but i am in a conundrum with a $1000 pledge, i love merch but the idea of having you guys cover any song i choose is too tempting. argh! i'm also sad to see again no show around charlotte, it's been years. :(
you should probably get this out before the release date, i don't think i can wait any longer.
also, murder by death whiskey club 4 lyfe!!
i didn't get asked for an delivery address when i payed, will i get asked for my address before my stuff ships?
got the $15 reward but pledged double :) last i saw you in lansing, you said you were going to play detroit next time you were in mi, but i don't see that listed. you should come back to grand rapids, anyways. this newer venue called the pyramid scheme is pretty cool. i could see you guys playing there.
i really wish a had an extra grand lying around with which to bestow upon the world a murder by death cover of nirvana's "dumb". the song's haunting, atmospheric melody (not to mention kera schaley's cello) and lyrics are so perfectly suited to the band. if i ever strike it rich, i'm not going to buy a big house or fancy car. i'm just going to troll through kickstarter like an italian renaissance arts patron commissioning private performances from my favorite bands.
ha actually yes it is a different color
is the standard version of the bitter drink vinyl a different color than the "moon" color? i had to splurge on the test press so i may as well get all colors!
i love you guys! i wish i could afford to do more than just the cd; perhaps when i am a monocle-wielding tycoon. can't wait to heard the album, covers, and your show tomorrow night.
you will get the lantern, as it comes with the special edition vinyl that is part of the book club!
i did the 250 but i gave you 254.20 ;) im bummin i wont get the globe lantern but i can not wait to see what books you send !!!
pledged $75 for the reward. it makes me happy to see that you guys really care about fans! i may even pledge $1000 for the cover song reward if i can save enough money for it.
sold! and i don't even own a record player now! i'll still buy the cd when it's released too. remember people, the future is in your hands ...
i pledged $45 and chose the $30 reward...can i get the $15 reward as well?
thank you! how generous!
once the project is funded on august 11th!
just kidding, i just received the email explaining everything. good luck on making your goal!! i hope you do! i love that you guys put your music out on vinyls! i own a least one copy of everyone one of your albums on vinyl! half of them are in that cool box you have on here and the other are in the wooden box you guys put out a while ago!
i just pledged at the $75 level it was higher than i was initially going to because over the years as a college student i may not have paid for all of your albums.  so here is pay back keep puttin out good tunes.
@zachary.... normally with the kickstarter campaigns you will get some kind of survey after the campaign has ended where you can enter your shipping information. hope that helps.
when do you take shipping information?
great to see that you're giving us europeans a chance to get the books as well. it's very much appreciated!
if you pledge $350 we will make it work and send em to europe! but the books would be in english if that is ok? send us a reminder email to mbdband@gmail.com if you choose to do so!
i think if you pledge $20 you can get both? try that. you choose your rewards after you pledge (but before you confirm your payment)
fraking amazing
i'm sad that the book club option isn't available to europe, but i guess that would be a bit much with shipping every month. maybe you guys can post the book list when the year is over, would love to know what books you like :)
that's great, absolutely love you guys and i am so excited about the new album. the best of luck with the campaign!
can there be a pledge amount in which we could get the paper lantern, a dl of the new album, and the single?  i'd be happy to up my backing.  but both $10 rewards would be great.  can i do two of them?
